Luis A. Borgen: Thanks, Kent. We had strong operating income and cash flow in the quarter, driven by strong treatment growth and improved cost per treatment. Offsetting these factors are lower revenue per treatment and a continued decline in commercial mix.  Here's some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.8% when normalized for days of the week. Dialysis revenue per treatment was down about $5. The primary drivers were a decline in commercial mix, our new agreements with the VA and a declining utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and finally, declined revenue from vaccinations, which were seasonally high in the third quarter. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was down about $7 from the prior quarter due to 2 main factors: one, a reduction in utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, mainly Epogen; and two, seasonally lower payroll costs. Note that EPO utilization was consistent throughout the fourth quarter, and based on our conversations with physicians, we expect utilization to be at current or slightly higher levels going forward.  Our fourth quarter dialysis G&A per treatment was up slightly from the prior quarter, primarily due to IT projects and legal and compliance spend. This fourth quarter G&A includes approximately $8 million for DSI integration, which was similar to the amount we incurred in the third quarter. We expect some continued spending on DSI in the first quarter of 2012.  International losses were about $20 million for the year, in line with our previous guidance. Note that in the fourth quarter, we changed the presentation of internal spending on our financial statements, moving our international results out of the U.S. dialysis segment to be reported as a part of our strategic initiatives. Previous quarters of 2011 were recast to reflect this reporting as well. We made this reporting change to provide more clarity in the economics of our core U.S. dialysis business.  Operating cash flow for 2011 was unusually strong at $1.18 billion. We are guiding 2012 operating cash flow to be lower, with a range of $950 million to $1.05 billion. This is because 2011 cash flow benefited from the favorability in the timing of a number of working capital items primarily related to the timing of cash tax payments due to the bonus tax depreciation.  As we look to the first quarter of 2012, operating income is likely to be down sequentially, as operating costs will increase due to fewer treatment days, over which the spreads fixed cost in the quarter, seasonally higher payroll taxes and an increase in pharma cost due to reduced rebates in our new Amgen contract and some increased G&A investments.  Looking at our guidance for the full year 2012 compared to our Q4 2011 run rate, you should consider a number of factors. Tailwinds include the Medicare market basket increase and a continued treatment volume growth, coupled with the impact of integrating DSI. These above factors will be offset by some headwinds, including higher EPO unit costs and increased G&A investments. We expect G&A per treatment to be about $2 higher in 2012 versus 2011, reflecting increased spending in various areas including IT, international, legal and compliance, growth in DaVita Rx and some investments in VillageHealth. In addition, payor mix remains uncertain into 2012.  Operator, let's go ahead and open up for Q&A.
Luis A. Borgen: That remains dynamic. We have rolled out various protocols, and as we settle on the final one, we think that flat to up is the most likely scenario at this point in conversations with physicians and the data we're seeing.
Luis A. Borgen: Sure, Justin. This is Luis. Where we are at the end of Q4 is that we are at 10% commercial mix. On a sequential basis in Q3 to Q4, we saw a similar rate of decline. And on your third question, it is one of our swing factors. It's highly uncertain where that's going to shake out, so it's difficult to predict.
Luis A. Borgen: Our guidance includes several scenarios. It's difficult to predict. And so it is something that we have factored into our overall guidance. Just one clarification, Justin, which may help you think about it, we are rounding down to 10% as of Q4 to be clear on that point.
Luis A. Borgen: Gary, let me repeat those phrases for you. The 4 factors that we cited were first, decline in commercial mix. The second one was at new lower VA rates. Those rates came into effect on 10/1 of 2011, and so we had the full impact in Q4 versus just 1 month in Q3. The third factor was a decline in physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, i.e. utilization. And finally, we had a quarter-over-quarter decrease in the amount of revenue related to vaccinations. So those are the main factors that reflect all our drop from Q3 to Q4.
Luis A. Borgen: Yes, it's 2 factors. It is partially state. It also has to relate with the international losses, deductibility of those. We can't do this in the current year, and so that puts up pressure on yields in the overall ETR.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, 2 different things. We have the capabilities in-house. It will take investment to scale those activities if we get the kind of pilot that we're hoping for. So big, big distinction to make there.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, I'll tackle that one too. Before I do, as you refined your question, I feel I should add one additional note to my answer, which is in the beginning of scaling for a big integrated care undertaking, it could be we would do some outsourcing as we build our scale, so I was giving you a longer-term answer and recognize that you might have in part been asking about the scaling period. And if we get the scale, we are not sure which parts we'll be able to scale on our own versus temporary use of others. But now on to your question. On the private payer side, it's super, super intense, which is the same way it was last year and the year before and the year before that. It doesn't seem like that ever changes.
Kent J. Thiry: I think the dynamic is about the same. And what we've always said is every year, we win some victories, we suffer some defeats, there are a bunch of ties, and it's a little bit like one football season to the next. It's real dangerous to extrapolate because you got tough opponents out there. And so while we wouldn’t posit any particular structural change in the world nor any sort of systematic change in intensity, nonetheless, you never want to get complacent and certainly, we don't.
Kent J. Thiry: It's so difficult to predict because there's been such change in the science, in the government guidance, in the debates, in the articles on the anemia management that you have a lot of doctors making some changes to their prescription pattern for any of those number of reasons, and then waiting a month or 2 or 3 to see what the results are and see if they're content as they stare at their patient population and look at the percent that's between 10 and 12, sub-10, between 12 and 13, above 13. And so what we do is the best we can in incorporating all their opinions into any amendments into the protocol, so they essentially end up being the physicians on protocols, and then helping facilitating, supporting them as they stare at their results and the results of the broader population and continue to fine tune what they think is right for their patients. So it's pretty dynamic, but the general drift of what we hear from our doctors is exactly what Luis said.
Kent J. Thiry: The short answer is both. We have about 1,000 citizens of what we call the DaVita village in the Tacoma area, and there, as is happening elsewhere in the country, our medical costs continue to go up and up and up, placing whatever burden on our people and on us, and we're hoping this clinic can be a way to change that trend, while simultaneously providing better service to our people and their families. Having said that, we think there could be a real business model there that we can provide to other employers of different sizes, but way too soon to make any forecasts. I would characterize it as very spirited new business R&D right now.
Kent J. Thiry: I'm not familiar with the new United policies so perhaps you could fill me in there or certainly, I'm sure 6 or 7 people will, once the call is over. But our posture on HHD, home hemodialysis, and we do more of it than anyone in the world at last look, is unchanged, which is there's -- what we always say is people who say that it's going to grow, grow, grow dramatically, it should be right for lots and lots of patients. We don't see yet the data to support that conclusion at all. On the other hand, those who say that it should apply to no patients our data doesn't support that either. As to what percentage of patients it will be a superior form of care for is not clear yet. And then, in addition, there's all the complexities and subtleties around government reimbursement, what they allow, what they don't, what constitutes evidence to them, et cetera. And so the picture is pretty murky once you combine those 2. We remain very, very committed to the work we're doing in that area, and our collaboration with the federal government to try to figure out what the right policies are based on high quality, objective, nonpartisan, if you will, analysis.
Kent J. Thiry: That is good, and again, there's an entire spectrum of opinions on this subject, which is why we advise you to be careful about paying too much attention to people at either end of the distribution. And clearly, by the number of patients we have on it, we think it's very, very justified for some patients and better for them, either in terms of quality or life convenience, the ability to keep on working and the ability to integrate dialysis care more into their lives and their families' lives. So we're clearly supportive, but we wouldn't be doing everything we're doing.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, very fair question. And the answer is it's not clear in the short term, whether it's in our best interest or not for something new to come out. We signed a long-term agreement as you know. We signed it with Amgen for EPO, which is the gold standard for anemia management. And we walked through kind of the strategic and logical filters for the decision we made and said that over the 7 years and on a net basis, this could work to our advantage or our disadvantage. But one thing that is very clear is that Amgen and our interests are aligned for the most part, and so I can't give you a generic answer whether a new entrant coming out soon is good or bad for us without waiting to see what happens and at what price, what pickup there is, et cetera, et cetera.
Kent J. Thiry: Certainly. Before I do that, LeAnne did take her best cut in the spirit of trying to be responsive on the bad debt estimate, and so what you got was our absolute best estimate. I just want to emphasize that. It -- the thing came out so recently, my understanding is just today or yesterday or something, and so we're still processing away, and if those -- if the estimate that LeAnne gave in good faith turns out to be materially wrong, we'll get back to you as soon we can. But it is our first cut at it. Then second, on what's keeping them from coming out with it, it really is that they were so consumed by all the pioneer ACO work and related hospital stuff. And then they turn to all the rest, and they've got to finish comparing and deciding on which subset of all the rest they're actually going to take action on, and so that takes some time. We do have it on assurance from many, many people that we're among the finalists. But whether or not that means we make it into the next round, which would be imminent or whether we don't make it into the first round and have to wait for the second round or some other subsequent round, we just can't handicap. But it really is just them managing their workflow.
Kent J. Thiry: That's too definitive. They may opt to do no verticals. That is still potentially the case. And remember, even if they issue out RFPs in the vertical, they may be so unattractive that no one does them. So while the odds are they're going to come out with some other types of ACOs beyond the hospital, it's unfortunately not 100%. So we’re excited because we're in the red zone, but that's a long way from starting.
Kent J. Thiry: So all fair questions, and I'll throw out guesses as long as everyone appreciates that's what they are, but we're striving to be useful. If it comes out in the next few months, which would be the best case, and if it's a proposal that actually can work where we can add the value for society and share in it, there is a chance it could be implemented in January 1, '13. There's also a good chance that they would do a later date halfway through '13 or the beginning of '14. In our favor is the fact that we've been working so closely with them, and our industry works collaboratively in a very different way than many others. And so our ability to dance with them, to get something done where they feel they're going to get the right level of reporting, the right level of transparency, the right amount of accountability, the right amount of systems integration, our ability to deliver that is really superior to most other health care segments. All of that says maybe it could happen January 1, 2013, and then you know all the reasons why it might not.
Kent J. Thiry: Number of patients, that's anybody's guess, Justin. I'm sorry, that one even I can't go venture in guessing on that.
Kent J. Thiry: It's the right question, I cannot handicap the answer. I do think that if we get something good, we and Fresenius and others will do such good stuff with it that independent of what is contractually or regulatory stipulated, we're going to have a heck of a good story to tell. And even though penetration can take a while, if it's penetration of a relatively proven capability, valuing it becomes simpler.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, the larger the scale that they allow, the more open we can be on accepting versus not accepting outlier risk. And calibrating, regulating and administering outlier risk is actually something that CMS has to do a fair amount of, including in the bundle, under which we now operate. And so that will be a highly analytical exercise between us and Medicare if it happens. And so we're not at all worried about it as long as we bring the right attention to it and they share the numbers. It should be a case where both sides can win, and they want to give us enough scale so that the outlier pool is smaller and they capture more of our potential value. And we work collaboratively with them, and so they see the upside for them. But it's pretty impossible to predict ahead of time until you're doing that final serious number crunching.
Kent J. Thiry: I would say the most important one is our ability to work with all Medicare patients in a clinic. What’s very, very difficult in terms of achieving the kind of systemic, dramatic change that we're contemplating here is when a subset of the patients in a given center are involved. Because without the upside, you cannot afford to add all the additional integrative services. And without that investment, you can't generate the results. And it's much, much more expensive if you're dealing with small pockets of fragmented patients who stretch across an entire country, as opposed to much more concentrated patient populations within a given geography. That's one of the primary fulcrums.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'm not prepared to answer that so I will try, and you'll have to recognize that my answer could be pretty feeble. But if they were going to give us the opportunity to take care of a lot of patients, we'd probably have some call center issues. We might have some technology and technology development issues just in terms of interconnectedness. Those are the 2 areas where we might have to outsource on a transitional basis.
Kent J. Thiry: First of all, we don't have a good transfusion data, no dialysis provider does because we don't get to capture it. Almost all of that stuff happens outside our centers, and as much as we would love to get all that data, no one has an obligation to share it with us. So we look forward to working collaboratively with CMS, with Medicare in order to see if that's happening, and if so, to address it. As you know, doctors have this tough task in a world of very fluid science and very fluid clinical consensus on anemia management of, on the one hand, managing the risk on the downside, which means people get anemic and need a transfusion against the risk, on the high side, of having too high a hematocrit or hemoglobin and the potential for harm in that area. And so they have to balance those 2 and the exact science, an exact formula, is exact reality, exact analysis to drive a formulaic answer to that, that you can apply to each patient doesn't exist. And so you have thousands of docs out there using their best judgment to balance those 2 things. It's a long way of saying but hopefully, a helpful way of saying that we don't have the data. We'll work with Medicare to evaluate the data, and then we'll work with docs so that they can strike that balance.
Kent J. Thiry: Right. Well, VillageHealth is, for those of you who don't know, the name of our integrated care group team effort, initiative, however you want to label it. And so it was founded based on the belief that one day, we'd be able to do truly integrated care. And in fact, it's the vehicle through which we've done the demonstrations and other analysis to show that it is the right path for American ESRD. So for VillageHealth, it is hand-in-glove if they give us the right architecture. And then DaVita Rx is a powerhouse capability that fits within it because once you're managing that total patient, you want to do integrated medication management. And that's what DaVita Rx does right now for our VillageHealth patients and would for any patients that came in under a pilot.
Kent J. Thiry: Very fair question. What has been safer to just go into 1 or 2 spots and focus and do that for a few years, stub our toes inevitably since we haven't done this stuff overseas before, so that would've been safer. We decided we would rather put incremental capital and talent at risk or in play in order to be more aggressive, recognizing we probably will make more mistakes, but in the end, hopefully put ourselves in a position where it's relevant sooner. In addition, in some parts of the world, we're worried that if we just sat out for the next 6 years in order to be conservative, that we would have significantly impaired our ability to become a leader or a co-leader, and so the extra cost and risk of doing more sooner has to be compared to the additional benefit if we pull it off.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first of all, right now, things are so uncertain, and there's so many swing factors. Since we're so tiny in a number of these countries, that is very difficult to forecast. We talked about this year, we'd be in the neighborhood of a $20 million loss, and we were at about $22 million. Right now, if we had to estimate, we'd say that we'll lose in the high 20s in this next year. Now that's actually a disappointment because we wanted to be at the same level of loss. And for us, that kind of percentage difference in what looks like it's going to happen versus what we expected is really embarrassing and unacceptable but that's where we are, and it gives you some flavor for right now the variability in our performance and accomplishments since we learned our way into the international world.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I think that's a level of detail I won't go to since the forecast is still so lively for such a small chunk of the business. I think that level of detail just wouldn't be very educational for you. But it's the net number, so it takes into account the overhead spending and the actual operating revenue and expenses. And to start parsing through it when it's so tiny, I think could be really misleading precision.
Kent J. Thiry: I've got it. I've got the question. Now this was, "What is the answer?". It's hard to know what they might do when and how we might respond. So there's nothing dramatic happening right now. But I wouldn't want to say to you we think it's going to be stable all year because we just don't know. And on the one hand, we take care of a lot of vets and they don't want that to change. They, on the other hand, have a lot of power. So how it plays out, I just think giving a micro-prediction would not be helpful because it would presume a level of insight on our part that we don't have. Suffice it to say that we are investing a bunch and trying to develop a stable, high value-added relationship with them where both sides feel that we're at a reasonable equilibrium. Maybe we are there now, maybe not.
Kent J. Thiry: Very fair question. Statement A, we have gotten better every year and that continues. Answer B, actually, in my mind, our way of learning has been disappointing, and we can get a lot better than we are. And so unfortunately, answer C is the impact, both because of the challenges of scaling and because we've not done as well as we should have in terms of being more creative, more aggressive, more innovative, that we've still got a lot more learning than I wish we had, enough to see great results, exacting results and be optimistic. But when you think about scaling it and executing, we don't give ourselves impressive grades for how well we've done in the last few years.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know of any significant movement among our physicians to use subcu, nor has there been any discussion that I've been a part of. So I don't have an answer other than probably there's nothing going on because none of our doctors are talking about it. If some of our doctors start to talk about that and move in that direction, we would certainly report back to folks. But I just haven't seen or heard of anything like it, and so that's where we stand.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll just pick up on one issue that came up, which was Medicare rate cuts. That while it is true that we have a lot of Medicare patients and it's rational to expect that Congress may do something with Medicare rates, it is also true that we are about the most discreet health care service there is, with 85% to 95% of our centers freestanding. They only do one thing and all the expenses are submitted in a cost report to the government every year. We personally have about 150 centers that currently lose money as it is. And so in our segment, if the government will get inappropriately aggressive and cut rates, they could be faced with some serious center closures in centers that didn't have enough private patients to sustain the subsidy on the Medicare side. And so while all Medicare providers have to be worried about rate cuts, we, in some ways, have arguments of clarity of data and consequences of a mistake that other segments do not have.  With that final comment, I want to thank everyone for paying attention to our company, and we will do our best for you in the next 3 months until we talk again. Thank you.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. As a matter of fact, the preliminary analysis or information is out. We're reviewing that and it would appear that dialysis bad debt reimbursement will be part of the pay-for, for the policy.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: You're speaking to the provision on the income statement? Yes, 2.9%. Yes, that is a much -- that number encompasses more than the Medicare bad debt.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. So it's a little complicated. Let me see if I can be clear. Right now, we're able to claim Medicare bad debt in certain circumstances on what used to be the old composite rate, so not on the drugs. And yes, that would be the 20% that would not be paid by a third -- or second party or third party. And that calculation is further reviewed in a way that if the dialysis facility was profitable or lost money on a Medicare basis. So couple of filters that you have to go through before you're determined to be eligible for the bad debt.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. I'd like to track it probably to $150. I can't remember if -- of the – drug add-on was in there or not. Maybe Jim Hillter [ph] or someone could help us out with the exact number, but it's in that $135 to $150 range.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, the filter -- the primary filter is whether or not that facility lost money or made money on a Medicare basis. And so if it's making money, you're going to be limited as to what you could claim, and you may not be able to claim any of it.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: I can give an estimate, and that estimate would impact us about $4 million in the first year. And it does -- it phases from 100% of recovery to 65% of recovery over the 3-year period.
Justin Lake: I guess I'll just take a quick shot at this bad debt first. Can you just give us the number in terms of, LeAnne, that 100% goes to the 65%, I believe? How much does that impact you by? Maybe just tell us how much you collect right now in Medicare bad debt.
Justin Lake: Okay, great. Second question, Kent, on the integrated care, you talked about specific serious conversations. Just wanted to focus on a couple of issues there. In terms of if -- could you help us -- it sounds like you're as close as you've ever been, clearly an exciting concept. Can you tell us would -- what you think maybe the 2 or 3 kind of key issues that are keeping CMS from having published this or that you're working on with them? What's keeping this from having come out now that they’re past the 8 pioneer ACOs.
Justin Lake: Great. And then just 2 more questions on this. In terms of the timing between a release and when you think this would actually go into place, if you can help us there. And if it came in the next few months, could it start by 2013? And maybe how many patients you think it would start with.
Justin Lake: Great. And one last question on mix. Can you tell us where you are now in terms of percentage of patients in commercial, how much that changed sequentially? Is it getting worse or better? And for 2012, can you walk me through -- the economy seems to be getting a little better from a jobs perspective, and then you have COBRA kind of expiring for some people and maybe talk to us about what you're expecting for '12 and that will be it for me.
