Joel Ackerman: Thanks Javier. Our second quarter adjusted operating income was $506 million, adjusted EPS was $2.59 and free cash flow was $654 million. Before I dive into the specifics on our performance for the quarter, let me add some detail to the change in reporting presentation of our non-GAAP results that Javier mentioned. As a result of a recent common letter from the SEC to DaVita we will no longer treat center closure costs as an adjustment in our non-GAAP presentations. These center closure costs impact our patient care cost, G&A and depreciation and amortization expense lines. Our adjusted OI and adjusted EPS for Q2 now include center closure costs and our updated full-year 2024 guidance shared today follows the same methodology. To help with comparisons to prior periods, we are also now showing prior period results under the new methodology. In aggregate, these costs represent approximately $15 million per quarter in 2024 for a total of roughly $60 million expected this year. For comparison, center closure costs in 2023 were approximately $100 million. For 2025, we are forecasting $20 million to $30 million of center closure costs. These presentation changes have no impact on how we manage our business nor our overall profitability, cash flow, or long-term expectations. With that, let me break down each of the components of our Q2 performance starting with U.S. dialysis and specifically treatment volume. Sequentially, treatments per day were up 1.1% in Q2 versus Q1. This increase was primarily due to census gains in the quarter and a seasonal improvement in mistreatment rate. Compared to the same period last year second quarter treatments per day were up 50 basis points.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So I'd start with revenue per treatment, where we moved the guide from what essentially last quarter was 3% now to 3.5% to 4%. So at the midpoint, 75 bps is worth roughly $85 million. So that's number one. And that's coming from a combination of continued success on the revenue operations, strength in contracting that we've seen through the year so far, and then a little bit of mix improvement, so that's the dominant factor and worth $85 million. Contributing to that as well is some improvement we're seeing in labor costs. I'd highlight two things there. First, some of the premium pay, whether it's overtime or spot bonuses, have come down. And second, we are seeing a little bit better productivity in the year than expected. Those two things combined are worth about $30 million. And offsetting that is about $20 million of OI headwind from the lower volume that we've called out. So plus $85 million from RPT, plus $30 million from labor minus $20 million from volume, that will get you to $95 million increase before taking into account the $60 million change in center closure cost.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. And AJ, just on the quarterly spread between Q3 and Q4, it can be hard for us to predict when the revenue will land. That said I would expect Q3 to be a loss making quarter again and Q4 to be a much, much stronger quarter. Then again, depending on when we get information, some of the Q4 revenue could pull forward to Q3.
Joel Ackerman: And the question on that, and we ask ourselves, is that good or bad? In general of course, you start to think of market share, and in this one, it's clinic share. And the way that we've looked at it, and of course, time will tell, is that we led the way in stopping de novos as the mortality escalated during the pandemic. So if you see DaVita build, it was very aggressively stopped, and then we led the way in right, sizing the capacity. And so if you were just going to do shorthand, you would say, we've closed roughly 200 centers. And depending on the math, you could say it's roughly $100 to $150 million of fixed expense reduction. And the loss of volume is roughly in that $50 million. So you would say that just with that math, it looks like we're making the right trade off. Of course, there's a lot of other dynamics of patient access, the local relationship with physicians, and all the normal considerations that we have to go into. But I'm just giving you the money side of it.
Joel Ackerman: Well, predicting it is not a good idea, I don't think, because the odds of being wrong are probably 100%. But the reality is that we do agree with you that we don't think it's structural and that it will revert back to normality. And again, I've highlighted some of the improvements that we think can happen from mortality. And many people say, well, why don't you know exactly what happened? And the assumption is that death happens while they're in dialysis.
Joel Ackerman: Well, on RPT, basically you have to think of three dynamics. You have mix, you have negotiations, and you have revenue cycle, and so you're asking about the negotiations. And I think to think about the future, you have to kind of put yourself into the future, which is what is the environment? Is it still inflationary, what contracts are up for negotiation, et cetera? As we've explained in the past, we are comprehensively contracted, and our big contracts usually come up every three to four years.
Joel Ackerman: The margins internationally have a couple of dynamics. Number one, there is no such thing as international. There are 12 to 13 countries. And of course they weigh differently. And in some of these you have one payer, the government, and so they will go in periods where there's no increase and then they will have a lump increase and so it's got a little more unusual dynamics and harder to predict the margin.
Pito Chickering: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Nice quarter and thanks for taking the questions. On the NAG, can you give us some color on what you saw through the quarter and what you saw in July? Just looking at the high end of your revised guidance, you get to grow like 1.5%, which is a big step up versus what you saw in the first half of the year. So just want to sort of see kind of what you guys are seeing to give you confidence in the high end of that.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. And you gave some of the moving parts, but if we exclude the $60 million of closure costs, you raised guidance by $95 million. Can you just bridge us the components of sort of how you raise guidance by $95 million versus previous guidance? I just want to understand that as I think about sort of 2025. Thanks.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. And the last one for IKC, you picked up about 3000 lives. This quarter was last quarter. But the medical spend per life is about half of what it was on the average the last quarter. So as you're bringing new patients on to IKC, you sort of talk about what type of patient dynamics they are versus who you have currently in there. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Thanks, Pito. So through the quarter, what we really saw was mistreatments were elevated relative to what we expected and our census growth was below expectations. The pattern there has continued new to dialysis admits remain strong and the growth there is consistent with what we had seen pre-COVID and mortality remains elevated. In terms of the back half of the year, I'd point out one thing that gives us confidence, which is we've got an extra treatment day in the second half of the year relative to the second half of the year last year. So that in and of itself is about 30 bps of additional growth. Other than that, we really haven't modeled in a whole lot of changes for the back half of the year. We haven't built in much census growth, and we're expecting mistreatment rate to continue to be challenging. So if you really think about the back half of the year, year-over-year growth, it's really about treatment days rather than any change in any of the underlying assumptions.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I would say, as we were thinking about it, we probably weren't internally modeling as of last quarter that we'd be at the midpoint. So you'd probably get to a little bit of a lower -- you'd have to start at a slightly lower volume number to bridge to that $20 million.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. If you had asked me, just stand alone, what's 50 basis points of volume worth? I probably would have told you $50 million to $60 million. So maybe use a slightly lower number.
Javier Rodriguez: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Correcting me, 1% is worth 50 to 60. So you're in the right ballpark there.
Javier Rodriguez: And just to be clear about that, when you're modeling center closure costs, it's important to realize that not all the costs come right when we close a clinic. Some of them, like lease acceleration costs for example, can have a delay from when we close the clinic. So I think by next year, our clinic closure rate should actually be back to what it was pre-COVID level, call it 20 clinics a year, somewhere in that range. But the costs we're calling out will be a holdover from what we've seen. Some of them will be a holdover from the clinic closures in 2024.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, something like that. This year, I think last quarter we had called out 50 for the year. We're probably running light. And I would guess at the end of the year, we'll probably have closed only about 40 for the year and getting back to a more normal pace for next year.
Javier Rodriguez: Mix was down a drop in Q2, but it's hanging right around 11%. It's right where it was at the beginning of the year. Our commercial mix at the end of Q1, which I don't think we disclosed, was a little bit harder to estimate because of some of the changes, some of the challenges with Change Healthcare as some of the claims were delayed. But I don't think there has been a lot of movement on commercial mix between Q1 and Q2 that would have any real financial impact.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks for the question, AJ. You've got the numbers right, meaning we're at negative $60 million and change for the up to year-to-date, and we still expect the year to come in in that $50 million range. But it's not necessarily because there's a big change in the business, but rather revenue recognition on the back end of the year and so that's the big difference there. And as you know, this business, and we've asked you to look at it more on an annual basis, because quarter to quarter fluctuation can be a bit more dramatic, but that still holds on the range.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I'll add one thing. First of all, at the beginning of the sentence, Joel inadvertently said 150 million, and he was talking about 150 basis points just to make sure that the record reflects that. The rest of the conversation, he was clear on the 150 basis points. But I think while he walked you through a lot of numbers, at the end of the day, the question that you and all of us are trying to ask ourselves is, is there a structural change that is going to change the growth rate? And to the best of our ability on the work that we've done the answer that we come up with is no. It appears that we are in a bit of just, let's call it a period of time where mortality is elevated, but we see through these new to dialysis patients that the volume should come back to normality over time.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Your question is one that we've been asking a lot, and we've been talking to our physician community and trying to understand what is driving it. The reality is that people come up with hypotheses and you can actually support it a bit, a higher elevated flu season, et cetera. But the real quantifiable answer is not one that we could say with confidence. And if you were going to say on the other side of the equation, we're starting to see improvements on things that should have an impact on mortality, like the integrated kidney care, managing people upstream, new drugs, SGLT2 and GLP-1, et cetera. And so we are scratching our head and we will be working on it, and as soon as we get something with confidence, we will share with you.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I would say there's certainly going to be more in 2025, if from nothing else than just the annualization of the improvements we're anticipating in the back half of the year. Looking forward from there, I think it's safe to say that any benefits from this are going to decline over time. And what I mean by that is their contribution to RPT growth will combine over time. I think everything we've achieved so far is sustainable. That said, it's hard to predict how much more there is and over what time period we're likely to capture it. I think it is fair to say relative to when we started this a few years ago, and when we started talking about it with the street in Q2 of 2022, it has certainly exceeded our expectations.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, so we've done a lot of work on this, and interestingly enough, the data we have on clinics is actually better. Clinic share is better than the data we have on treatment share. And we believe that the mid-size and smaller dialysis operators have actually gained share over the last few years. They have closed fewer clinics, they have built more clinics, and the result of that is probably picking up some volume as a result of that.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Hey, before we take the next question, I just want to come back to an answer I gave to Justin on the exchanges. I talked about 200 basis point increase from the exchanges. I just wanted to clarify, that's 200 basis points of revenue, not 200 basis points of mix increase that came from the exchanges. So just wanted to make sure that was clear.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, so I wouldn't use the phrase lever up, because what we're really targeting here is maintaining the leverage range of three to 3.5 times. And if our goal was to get our leverage range or our leverage multiple above that, that's what I would characterize as levering up. I think the reality is, as our EBITDA grows, in order to maintain that leverage range of three to 3.5 times, recognizing we're at the low end of that range right now, we need more debt capacity, and it's just using the middle of the number. As EBITDA goes up, you multiply it by 3.25, and that's the capacity you need. So we're thinking about how much debt capacity, do we need to make sure we can stay in that range as EBITDA grows.
Javier Rodriguez: I mean, it would be used using our capital allocation philosophy. So the first thing we would love to do would be to invest it in growth, recognizing it needs to be capital efficient growth, and hit our return thresholds. Barring that, share repurchases would certainly be on the, at the top of the list of how we would use excess capacity to maintain our leverage level.
Javier Rodriguez: No, I just think of it as debt, and it's included in our net debt number today. And if we had, if we drew an extra $400 million on the revolver or we did a bond deal and we used it to pay down the change debt, it's just one form of debt exchanging for another form of debt. So it wouldn't hit free cash flow. It wouldn't change our leverage ratio.
Javier Rodriguez: I think the conversations are the same, meaning everybody's trying to do their fair share and containing costs. Everybody's trying to add value to the patient community and have an expansive network and just do the best we can. And of course, we have to take into account costs and inflation and all those type of things, but those dynamics haven't changed other than the consideration for inflation.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It's early for guidance, but I would not go to 3.5% to 4% for next year. I think that would be a real stretch to perform at this level for another year.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, home utilization is still running in the mid to high 15s. In terms of capacity utilization, we're somewhere between 58.5 and 59 somewhere right around that.
Javier Rodriguez: I think growth in international for the next couple of years, especially next year, is likely to be higher than it's been in the past, largely driven by the acquisition that we've done in Latin America.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I think it will continue to tick up. I don't have a view on could it ever get to the U.S. margins, but I would say that's highly unlikely.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I would be cautious with that ratio of medical cost per life. A lot of the lives you're talking about there, their medical costs don't actually flow through our P&L. It's only the snippet lives where the medical costs flow through. So I probably wouldn't go there with that calculation.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle and thank you all for the questions. To conclude, it was another strong quarter for DaVita resulting from our investments in recent years to build a great team, strong systems, and enhance our capabilities as we look ahead while it's a little early to offer guidance, we believe that the underperformance, the underpinnings of our margins are sustainable. With this foundation, we're excited about the future we can achieve to benefit our patients, partners and teammates. Thank you for your continued interest in DaVita. And be well.
Andrew Mok: Great, thank you. Maybe just to followup on that mortality point, I guess what's the working assumption on why mortality is elevated? Because I think the excess mortality dynamic during the early years of the pandemic would intuitively suggest there would be a tailwind in the aftermath. So what's your working assumption here on why it remains elevated? Thanks.
Andrew Mok: Great. Okay, thank you. And then in the prepared remarks, I think you mentioned that the improvement in collections is a multiyear effort. And given the strong gains we've seen over the last six quarters, just where are we in this process and how much runway is left beyond 2024? Thanks.
Andrew Mok: Got it. If I could just followup on one more point. I think you called out the clinic closures as being a potential drag to volume growth as well. I think given you and your competitor, one of your big competitors, are closing clinics at the same time, where do you think, how much leakage do you think there is, therefore, where are those patients going to get their dialysis treatment if not one of the two large dialysis chains? Thanks.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess just on that point as well, the change line of credit, how do we think about that? That's going to be, I mean, in fact, I guess your free cash flow, but I guess that would be a use of free cash flow to pay that back or you just collect less from United.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, maybe just last question. Since revenue for treatment seems to be like a big part of the guidance raise, it sounds like everything that's happened so far you think is sustainable. I guess next moves around a little bit. Can you talk a little bit more about the commercial contracting? It sounds like that has come in a little bit better maybe than you thought it was going to. As far as better capturing recent inflation, how should we think about commercial contracting in the 2025? Is that still going to be a tailwind similar to what you're seeing now, or is that going to normalize for some reason.
Kevin Fischbeck: Got it. I guess maybe, just maybe, ask a little differently. If you're getting a little bit of commercial contracting, do you feel like there's a shift at all in the negotiations? Whether managed care companies realize they need you more for network reasons or they are appreciating the value, you provide more, and that's giving you a stronger negotiating power, or it's just more. Inflation's higher, and so rising tide lifts all shifts.
