Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your interest in DaVita and look forward to your questions and comments. I will start with clinical highlights as a reminder of life-sustaining care that we provide to more than 235,000 people. While we discuss clinical outcomes and lowering the total cost of care, our goal is to improve our patient's quality of life. One specific example has been to focus on reducing infections in our patients. DaVita's patient's are prone to infection which can often lead to lengthy hospitalization days and increase in mortality. I’m excited to report their efforts have paid off. In 2019, we reduce the rate of bloodstream infection by 13% and improved the rate of peritonitis by 20% versus the prior year. This is a meaningful improvement that kept many of our patients out of the hospital. Now let me transition to our results and outlook for 2020. We had a strong performance in 2019. We met earnings per share and free cash flow growth target we set for the year. We are committed to achieving our 2020 financial guidance and in fact we are raising our earnings-per-share target range by $0.50. Joe will provide the financial details on both the quarter and our 2020 guidance. Now let me pull up for a few minutes to share our high level views on clinical and on policy. We are in an exciting time for kidney care. We are bridging the transition of care from the nephrologist's office to different types of care. We are working with our payers to use predictive analytics to identify CKD patients with the highest risk of transitioned to ESRD. Once we support these patients, we will work on avoiding or delaying the onset of kidney failure. We remain excited about nephrology care lines, the new physician led entity with nearly 1,100 nephrologists that will be the vehicle to connect DaVita to the nephrologists practice. The goal is simple. Provide world-class analytics and education to help physicians best deploy their time to care for the right person at the right time. For those patients who do transition to ESRD with both a leading education platform to empower patients to choose to start on the right treatment modality or for them. For patients who chose home modality, we continue to invest in our leading home platform where we serve the most home patients of any provider. In 2019, we saw our high -- our highest growth ever in PD modality. We are working to maintain our leadership in the home dialysis with a 2020 goal of achieving double-digit growth in the PD modality. Moving on to policy. We continue our multi-year journey towards integrated care. We are encouraged by the quality improvement that are evident in our demonstration such as the ESCO. We are hopeful that there will be additional models and opportunities to scale integrated care for ESRD patients at national levels. We remain optimistic about the administration's view for value-based care models. We believe that the capabilities that we’ve built will support our collective goal to improve clinical outcomes, while managing total cost. There has been a lot of recent conversation about Medicare advantage and the 21st Century Cures Act. We would remind everyone that Congress pass this legislation with the intent of making additional insurance options available to Medicare eligible patient, ESRD patient. With respect to expectations of adoption, no one really know what choices will be made by the patient. We continue to believe that the selection into MA will be more gradual. We look forward to working with plan partners to manage the care and the cost of these patient. In parallel, our advocacy efforts are focused on ensuring adequate funding in both Medicare fee-for-service and MA. And as we’ve said before, we remain ready and eager to advance integrated care for Medicare fee-for-service population. Shifting to state policy. We will keep advocating for our patients in California and other states where some labor unions are pursuing policies that are not good for patients, costs or the care delivery system. Now let me transfer it on to Joe, so he will provide additional details on the quarter and specific on 2020 guidance.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Kevin. This is Javier. We've gotten a fair amount of questions on MA. And so I think it's useful to just pull up a little and revisit the origin of it. Number one, this is the only patient population, the ESRD population that was excluded from having the right to pick MA. And so it was fixing a deficiency in the system. Number two, what is our role going forward? And our role is to just make sure that our patients are well informed so they can make the best decision individually. Point number three is everybody is trying to size it and when you try size something like this, there's two variables, of course, one is rate and the other one is volume. And so what we’ve said is that our rate is above Medicare, but substantially below commercial. We are not going to give anymore on that variable. The one that’s most sort of undecided at this juncture is the pickup of the volume and all of you know the same as we do, which is there's a lot of variables at play when individual has the primary insurance, the secondary insurance, do they have Medigap coverage etcetera. So we continue to think that it’s reasonable to think that penetration will reflect the overall market. In addition, many people believe that our patients will have sort of a quick trigger to pick an insurance when there's so many complicated variables and they have many of them been in Medicare for quite some time status quo might just keep going. So we're literally asking how will our patients interpret their benefit, and so we don't know and so many people are continuing to size that it's going to be some kind of an aggressive movement and we continue to think that it'll be more gradual.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, the first premise that you discussed, which is access to the patient is worth exploring because you might be more talented than us that when you talk to people about their insurance, it's not usually like Netflix or anything. They don't want to keep watching the next episode. People usually start to glaze over a bit and say when you talk about deductibles, when you talk about coinsurance, when you talk about those kind of thing, it is not normal vernacular for most of these folks. And they’ve been on Medicare for some time and it works for them. And so then you got to start to explain that maybe it's more restrictive, maybe they can't see their doctor, but it's got other benefits and you get into it and then you can see that some people just tune out. And so the question is, is it our obligation to go back at them? And the answer I think is no, because you’re satisfied with the insurance. We just have to make sure that you have a new option. And so on all these -- on the dual sometimes that could actually have very little out of pocket and so you might not want to switch that situation. So it is very specific to each individual, but again the net of it is that we think we are not going to look very different than the overall population, but there is the range that we're all playing with.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I think we’re going to have to wait till January. We will have some preliminary stuff, but unlikely that we're going to want to predict how that'll play until we see it since it's the first time we're experiencing it.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So, hey, on NAV we’ve -- we are guiding to 1.5% to 2.5%. In terms of revenue per treatment we are not going to guide to RPT anymore in the level of specificity we have in the past. That said, I think it's safe to say going forward that it'll look similar to what it looked like in the recent past. The same dynamic in terms of commercial RPT, Medicare RPT and mix should play out next year the way they have in the recent two years. The one big change obviously is on Medicare fee-for-service reimbursement. We got that in '19 and we see that continuing forward. So, again, as we think about the how we want to guide and this is consistent with what we’ve raised at Capital Markets Day, more of a focus on margin than on any of the individual inputs. That said, if you think about the inputs of RPT and the subcomponents there as well as cost per treatment and the other things we don't see anything particularly different next year to call out than what we've seen in the recent past.
Javier Rodriguez: No, in general I think the executive order had a lot in it and they asked for comments and the community was very united on its views. And so we are glad that the administration has taken its time because we want a good outcome rather than meeting a deadline. And no to the other question, which is while policy, of course, impact at the end of the day, the patient and the physician pick the modality and that's what's driving the movement to home. People picking it or not picking it as opposed to any policy changes at this juncture.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Steve, I think that all of the opinions are quite reasonable and we don't proclaim to be right. We are all doing it the same data as to economic deductibles, out-of-pocket max, sort of coordination of care network -- narrow networks or broader network. And so when we put all the variables in place, we just think that, in general, we think that it'll take a little bit longer for people to settle in to the choice than others that think that it will be what I call a very efficient and effective market and we of course could be wrong. And so there is that range that it, let's call it the low -- the base case and the high case and we don't have any additional insight that you or CMS doesn't. There's no detail information that we are relying on.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I appreciate the question, Steve, but I think you probably know it had low odds being answered. Every plan is steering right now at how they want to contract with us. And actually even if I try to answer it and be helpful, the contract is very specific to each plan and their ability to take risk and our ability to take risk and so it's very specific. And so unfortunately I can't give you more detail on that.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, there is -- there are other factors besides cost because there's a mix issue between the oral and the IV as well.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, if you think about it getting cut in half each quarter going forward, that’s a reasonable algorithm to use and then it goes to zero by the end of the year.
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab that. This is Javier. We continue to look at the macro ranges and we just think that is the right place to land. We're continuing to invest in our missions, in our IT, in all other operations to simplify patient placement. But at the end of the day, what we are focusing is ensuring that we have the discipline and capital so that we have profitable growth. And so we're not going to chase volume. It's just not the right thing for us. And so we're comfortable with that range of 1.5 to 2.5.
Javier Rodriguez: And just as an FYI, my memory has me right, that is not a change from capital markets. We had at 1.5 to 2.5, but I could be wrong. So let's check that.
Javier Rodriguez: The short answer is we do not have any more information than any of you. We were given an opportunity just like all providers to give our opinions and insight. And we did and they’re processing that and we have not heard back. We are not incurring any costs right now associated with it. And it was not embedded in our guidance. So right now you're even, Steven, if you will, there's no changes.
Javier Rodriguez: One dynamic, Justin, that is rarely talk about publicly also is that we have big blackout periods. And then you have plan and we have restrictions and whatnot and so what you want to do is not look at one quarter or two quarters, but overall what is our track record and I think you see our track record over time it's quite fluid, consistent with what Joe said.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I would say that, what Joe start off with on an early question still holds, which is there's no new dynamic and sort of the ecosystems/ negotiation is relatively stable. There was no big decision one way or another and it will play out the way it is.
Javier Rodriguez: No, you have it right. And I think the right way to think about it, Justin, is very early on you have to explore all your options. And so there's some filing restrictions etcetera. So we were exploring option, making sure that we had everything at our disposal. After evaluating it, we did not think that that was something that we should pursue. It's not in the best interest of our strategy and that’s cleaner to go right after it, literally straight at it as opposed to doing a counter measure.
Javier Rodriguez: I think that will vary very much country by country. As you noted some countries have better reimbursement, others less so. So I think it will be a bit of a mix and where it winds up relative to the U.S will depend a lot on the different mix in the different countries and where we chose to prioritize our investments. So it's hard to predict now what the ultimate margin will be relative to the U.S margin.
Javier Rodriguez: So, yes, I do think we are going to continue to invest in international whether it grows faster than the U.S., we are not giving specific guidance on that. Although, I think looking at the past is a reasonable guide to the future there. So, yes.
Javier Rodriguez: So we generally don't get into too much detail on any individual countries. So I’m going to pass on that one.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I want to thank you all for investing the time. We look forward to talking to you again. And we are going to do our hardest to deliver on all that we committed. Thank you and talk again soon.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, Justin, you’ve got the basics right. Calcimimetics is the biggest component of this. And a decrease in the -- in our expected cost for AB 290 plays into this as well. Those are the two big things I'd call out. There are a lot of other moving pieces in here. Our share count moves around as the stock price goes up and a whole bunch of other things related to core OI. But I would say, calcimimetics in the AB 290 are the two big things to call out.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So on calcimimetics, we still expect under the current TDAPA that it will migrate down to zero over the course of 2020. We have been -- we -- as you can see, we've not been able to predict how ASP would come down. The positive numbers for 2020 is the result of ASP not coming down the way we expected it would three months ago. I don't know that our visibility on how the rest of the industry has behaved combined with some of the black box natures of ASP have improved, but we do think this has to get down pretty close to zero by the end of the year. In terms of AB 290, we don't have a new number. Clearly the number will be smaller. That said, there will be some legal costs associated with AB 290 and there certainly is the possibility that it gets implemented towards the end of the year. So the numbers are getting to a size where I don't think it's worth calling out a specific number, but clearly below the 25 to 40.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, I’m not saying cost couldn’t continue to drift down a little bit, but the real action for 2020 is on the trajectory of ASP.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So you're spot on both those factors of calcimimetics coming out of here and AB 290 going into place. In terms of some of the other things I've call out, on the cash flow number, 2019 was surprisingly high and we called out in the script two of the factors, which are the DSOs having come down as well as cash taxes. I'd also note cash flow was helped by calcimimetics as well and the impact that had on OI. So that happened faster than expected. We also benefited to some extent in the year by some of the CapEx we're expecting late in the year getting pushed into 2020. So the 2020 number might get impacted by that to the negative. There is certainly the possibility that at the end of 2020 we will see some push into 2021 and that could flip either way. The one other thing I'd call out is the margins. We spoke about margins of 13% to 14%. We are not changing that view of the world, and so as you think about what the margins could be in 2022, I'd stick with that number.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I would think it as an opportunity for us to expand the way we talk to our contract and to our payer providers. It's an exciting time where we're all aligned in trying to make sure that we have integrated care for our patients, and so we're leaning in and trying to see how we can best serve them and be a partner. And if they think that the MA volume is going to be higher than us that might also be an opportunity to contract in that way. So we're excited. Obviously, they want lower rates. We would like higher rates and that dance is never going to change. And then the question is can we all get creative when coming up on a win-win situation.
Joel Ackerman: I appreciate, Steve. Obviously, network adequacy is critical in any disease state. When you are signing up for a product you want to make sure that it got coverage, so that if you end up signing up and then you have ESRD, then you don't end up having some kind of restricted network. And of course it matters whether it's in there or not. The plans have been quite vocal. And from our perspective what we want to do is going back to our conversation earlier is we want to change the dynamics with our payer partners so that they see what we're doing and how we are adding value so that they do want to contract with us in a way that’s a win-win.
Joel Ackerman: We’ve got pretty good visibility with that. The ASP number came out I think in December. Not perfect visibility, but -- so in Q1, we've got that. The trajectory of what that looks like going forward though is where we don't have perfect visibility and we won't know ASP for Q2 for a little while now.
Joel Ackerman: There are other factors that go into that. In terms of the cost decline, the changing mix between Sensipar and Parsabiv and Parsabiv cost differential. So I'm not sure you can get as cleaner number as you'd like from that, but …
Joel Ackerman: Unlikely just because the numbers get so small in terms of the cost, I think the more interesting question about calcimimetics is ultimately how it gets bundled.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So nothing has really changed in that, Gary. There hasn’t been any interplay between 2020 ballot initiative spend and AB 290. They’re pretty independent. So the $0.50 per share is the right number and that's over and above the $30 million baseline that we plan to spend year- in year-out. The one correction I would make to your numbers is, this ballot initiative costs is not tax deductible. So your $87 million pre-tax is overstated because I -- my guess is you got to that calculation assuming this would tax deductible.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, that’s about right. $500 million is typically what we want to have in the system. So, yes, the $600 million is the number above that.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We are -- we’ve never really been willing to talk about what our views of intrinsic value are at any moment in time, and I don’t expect to deviate from that here. I think the one thing I would point out is intrinsic value is a moving target. It's not something that stays static and its impacted by our results and it can be impacted by our buybacks and everything else. So I think what our views of intrinsic value were six months ago are necessarily the same with our views of intrinsic value today.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Look, not every commercial payer is created equal and if the mix comes from payers with lower rates, it has much less impact on our RPT than a payer who is at an average rate.
Joel Ackerman: I’m reluctant to get drawn into the OI guidance question because we're not guiding on OI. That said, I think again you can look at the range is top-down or bottoms up. I would say it's fair to say that at the middle of the range is you should expect some OI growth year-over-year.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So our priorities for international are similar to our priorities in the U.S., which is capital efficient growth. We continue to see it as a growth business. We continue to deploy capital there in the markets that we see is having the best opportunities and those are opportunities where we can either acquire things at attractive rates or build de novos at attractive rates and where we have an opportunity to add value. So growth in '19 was relatively in line with our expectations. We see 2020 continuing along that path.
