Kent Thiry: Thank you, Garry. I'd like to add one editorial comment on the policy front. The ESRD Kidney Care victory was a big one, and once again, we led the community to a thoughtful strategy and through formidable campaign. I'd like to step back for a moment, and just think about our two primary businesses, Kidney Care and our Medical Group, and think about each of them across four parameters, as we look out over the next two to three years. Rate minus expense times volume and then factored by execution risk. On the Kidney Care side, rate, there is more downside than upside. Although, we do have somewhat of a reimbursement safety net, as the government cannot afford to have many centers closed. On the expense side, things look relatively stable, compared to historical norms. On the volume side, things look relatively stable, probably a bit slower than the rate we have enjoyed the last few years. With respect to execution and reliability, Kidney Care looks pretty solid. On to HealthCare Partners, our medical group. As to rate, there is more downside than upside. As to expense, there is probably more downside than upside, but hopefully, we can make those words not true. As to growth, unit growth looks very promising, and as to execution, reliability, the legacy markets look solid, the new markets look poor. Now if you step back to look at the aggregate enterprise for a moment, we still think it is a differentially solid platform for the long term. A strategic position is good. The market positions are strong. The talent trajectory is good, and our capital structure and our capital efficiency and our cash flows are all solid. Thank you, and let's move on to Q&A.
Kent Thiry: Yeah. First, without getting into a lot of complexity, you can't just subtract the two and take the difference, and then attribute all of that to new markets, because there is some other stuff going on, like the MA rate predictions, etcetera. There are some issues that cut across the two categories. Its not quite as clean as that. And in addition, some of those losses were absolutely planned and intentional, part of establishing ourselves in new markets. But separate from fine tuning the actual number, what we are going to do, to make it better, is going to sound pretty vanilla on our call. We are working on the rate side, the expense side and the unit side. But the biggest single swing factor, is having the transaction in New Mexico be approved by the government.
Kent Thiry: I don't think that would be in your best interest, Justin. So I think we will have to hold back from that.
Kent Thiry: Yeah, I would say, we made tiny bit of progress in the quarter, that's actually not disappointing, in the sense that a lot of contracts aren't appropriate to change, until they are up for renewal, and we don't necessarily want to precipitate an extensive renewal conversation with everyone at one time. So its not disappointing when I say tiny, nor is it impressive, its kind of a tweener.
Kent Thiry: It was $76 million, its actually right in that $75 million to $76 million range, and the other number was $116 million in EBITDA after allocating all corporate overhead.
Kent Thiry: We can't disclose exactly where that contractual contingency sits, because of some confidentiality agreements. And so, all we can say is that, that contractual contingency exists within our new market portfolio, and there is a good chance, better than 50% chance that it will in fact be triggered.
Kent Thiry: Since every prediction on the timing has been wrong so far, I think we will shy away from venturing into predicting again.
Kent Thiry: Most of our counties are in the two year or four year phase down periods. So 2015 will be the final year for our counties and the four year. We do not have any membership of significance in the six year, based on [ph] counties. 
Kent Thiry: I think I am hesitating, because there is a bunch of variables that could push it one way or another. For example, we will probably be doing more joint ventures with payers, and that may very well b e low margin business, because we are splitting the equity and the upside. But on the other hand, it could be incredibly capital efficient, and in the long run, as we have talked about for 15 years, its cash on cash, return on capital, that ultimately determines a company's long term future. And so in some cases, we may be actively seeking, what looks like low margin business, but is incredibly attractive in terms of risk adjusted return on capital. And then, looking at it from a different perspective, we will also still be doing some of the good old traditional global care business, where we and our physician leaders take the entire bolus of it and manage it with ever increasing capability. So how those different factors are going to net out, combine with just in general, increase competition in the space, is pretty hard to predict. So I think -- what we will have to get good at doing, is just parsing out these different variables. So you can see, where any movements in margin are good news, bad news, or neutral news.
Kent Thiry: Unfortunately the answer is yes, and we are probably going to be closing in the neighborhood of 20 in the near to intermediate term, as much as it breaks our heart, when the government cuts our reimbursement, and holding it flat constitutes a cut, given there are certain cost pressures we face, that we simply can't get down to zero. That in some geographies, where there are not enough private patients to subsidize the federal government, we and other people are going to have to close down some centers. We will do so with incredible care and respect and oversight, in order to take care of our patients and our teammates. But in the end, we are caring a lot of money losing centers, and we can't continue to carry that many, if in exchange, our rates get cut.
Kent Thiry: I do not think we are going to see a continuation of tremendous accomplishment, so that's where -- that we pulled off over the last year. We started thinking about it and planning for it, a full two, two and a half years ago, when we expected the government to be squeezing reimbursement, and so it was done with a lot of foresight, with a lot of warning and planning, and so it is not to disrupt people's lives nor our company's operations, and of course most importantly, our patient care. Having said all that, there's limits to how much can be done there, and so, I think you are looking at, pretty much the end of that run of progress.
Kent Thiry: Well, we are hoping, although it sounds funny to use that word, that we will be taking a big chunk of that cash to execute on our settlement with the federal government, and that would be about $390 million or so, and at our new size, we certainly want to keep -- certainly want cash on hand. Having said that, we don't need to have $1 billion in our wallet, and we will go through our normal exercise, consistent with how we thought the last 15 years, in comparing at that time, our business opportunities, our repurchase opportunities and our debt reduction opportunities. And so right now, we don't have a position on that, and of course, we welcome any input from all of you, which you would prefer.
Kent Thiry: Darren, it’s a right question. But the correct answer to it, is that the team that did those deals, was not thoughtful. It did not do the right kind of rigorous analysis, reflection. Did not weight the relative merits of partnership versus fighting, and in particular, in one instance, didn't correctly calibrate what had happened after fighting a battle in Albuquerque. Both Lovelace, the hospital and the plan, and us, both sides came out significant losers. The only ones who benefited, were our collective competition. The new team has since turned relationships around in that market, and we are readying employees to work collaboratively, with both Lovelace and the new plan. The way these things should work, assuming that we do get government approval on that transaction. So rather than go through what would sound like a relatively vanilla characterization of different types of mistakes, the root cause was the team that was working on it did not bring the right discipline and thoughtfulness, and those people are not doing deals with us anymore.
Kent Thiry: It’s a fair question, but there is just too much uncertainty at this point. So giving you a number would be tantamount to just guessing -- if we succeed, the number could be significant. But succeeding is not going to be easy. There are reasons why markets have high admit rates, and part of our challenge is to establish a collaborative constructive relationship with the leading hospitals, in order to collectively bring quality improvements and appropriate savings to the table, shared by everyone.
Kent Thiry: I think Gary, we don't want to go into any more micro detail on individual market. So if you could just allow us to stick with having disclosed much more than we typically do already in individual market, because we felt we needed to, in order to answer the legitimate questions. But I think we best leave it at that.
Kent Thiry: I would say, we are much closer to bottoming out, and so the ratio of upside to downside is attractive, a breath of fresh air, in an otherwise stuffy room. So that's good news, I would say.
Kent Thiry: We don't have any insight really. The Department of Justice keeps those things close to the vest certainly, and periodical evidence would suggest, that the deal will get approved. But you never know for sure, and particular, if in the government's mind, Blue Cross Blue Shield is unwilling to agree to reasonable conditions, then all bets are off. So we don't know enough to handicap other than these things typically, as you know, get closed.
Kent Thiry: Before I answer that Gary, let me go back and tweak my response to your question about the expected pipeline of significant deals in HealthCare Partners. I think we probably should dial back that expectation a bit, because we need to prove quickly, that we can reliably deliver on what we say we are going to do, before we should run around deploying any more of your capital. So probably, we pull that back a bit, and can't quantify right now, but at least directionally, I think you should think about it that way. On the ESCOs, we know that we are incredibly passionate and bullish on our capability, to dramatically improve quality and substantially reduce costs and deliver incredible patient experiences in an integrated care, globally capitated or anything like it world for Kidney Care, and we have proven it. And we have proven it at significant scale with breadth and depth, and so we so much want to bring that value to America, and in so doing, forcing others to invest and get better and better at the same time. And we are very grateful that CMS has put so much time into trying to figure out a way to introduce a vehicle for making all that come true. Having said that, and being very appreciative of some of the changes they make, we were disappointed in what they came out with, and I think I will just stop there.
Kent Thiry: We think there is just a couple very reasonable changes that would open up the gates to a beautiful pilot. So we think its very doable and very reasonable.
Kent Thiry: I don't think that would be good to get into on a big public forum. We are sharing our thoughts with them, and we are incredibly grateful that they are listening.
Kent Thiry: Yeah, it’s a tough one to answer Jason, because in HealthCare Partners, every deal could be quite different, depending whether we are primarily partnering with a hospital or a physician group or a payor or all of the above, and whether or not they already have risk, or whether or not we are just starting a new risk contract. And so, unfortunately, given unlike dialysis, every deal could be quite different. You need to stare at our track record, in order to draw the right inferences and extrapolations. This is where we have made your life very difficult, by having a lousy track record of doing new things. And so, we recognize the torturous position that our performance has put you in, and we hope to make amends over the next couple of years.
Kent Thiry: At this point, I think we ought to stay silent on 2015, until we get a little more time and experience under our belt. We are not comfortable saying, OI is going to go down. We are not comfortable saying its going to go up. We are not comfortable sayings its going to be flat. We need a few more months under our belt, before we can give you a value added estimate.
Kent Thiry: Although its very preliminary, because as you understand, there is a lot of lag time, in finding out exactly who is going to exchange, and what exchange is going to pay and all that kind of stuff. So with a big caveat, on the fact that it is preliminary, the early results are positive, in the sense that we thought it was going to be quite bad, and so far, it is not.
Kent Thiry: There are three drivers of the shortfall Kevin. Half was the new market, new business acquisition portfolio. The second was the Tandigm $10 million previously excluded, so doesn't represent underperformance. The third component was a mistake, we were 0.8% off in forecasting our actual MA rates across the markets, and that 0.8% equals $4 million a quarter, $16 million on a year, right off the bottom line. Its of course embarrassing for us to make a mistake like that, but we did.
Kent Thiry: Got it. I am sorry Kevin, I understand the question now. There is one example where we just took over a network for a payor, it was an unsuccessful MA network that they have been running by themselves and with some others unsuccessfully and we took it over from them, with no exchange of capital involved.
Kent Thiry: This was a new market, and while we expected losses, because we knew what their current economics were, and some of that we were cushioned from, and then some not. The problem is, the actual losses have exceeded the expected losses in the assumption of that contract.
Kent Thiry: Our primary problems there have been from unthoughtful contracting non-thorough due diligence and one very bad business decision. Not our ability to drive integrated care, not our ability to work with physicians in the community to drive quality improvements, and savings and utilization etcetera. The news on those scores is positive, and so I think your diagnosis is correct. The stuff that was done wrong is easily fixed and we think we are there. Now also I want to add, again, we are doing new stuff and different stuff, so there will still be an experience curve, and there will still be a [indiscernible] issue. But we already are way, way, way better on the dimensions that cause us the problems a year, year and a half ago today.
Kent Thiry: Yeah, its very good logic Kevin as usual, and I think the honest answer is just that, if you're sitting in these chairs, having been wrong now a few times, we simply don't want to represent, until we have done a lot more work, analytical work on every aspect of the business, before we start talking about stuff that's a year or two out.
Kent Thiry: Let me take a stab and see if I get it right. There aren't very many mature proven MA risk management NDs that are around and independent anymore. So there is not a lot of eight point bucks out in the forest. And the good news is, those that are out there, are differentially interested in us, because of our legacy and our reality of physician leadership. So that's the bad news and good news on that side. But we do these other partnerships, not have a sense of need or not because of some notion that they are second best. We actually think that they can be absolutely as good and effective, as the conventional acquisitions. And in fact, the deal in Philadelphia is starting off with a very collaborative partnership with a leading physician IPA in the market. Its not just a payor DaVita partnership. The leading doctors who want to bring the improved quality and savings that comes from integrated care are very much onboard with the effort.
Kent Thiry: Its going to be a couple years, just because there is so many centers involved and so many patients, that will be in a constant state of having a bunch of young immature centers, where we have got operating costs but not many patients, or zero patients as we build them, and then just the classic issues of having overhead, that's disproportionate to the revenue, and tell you have enough centers up and running. So its going to be a couple of years.
Kent Thiry: We will of course work very hard to provide analysis that allows you to gauge our progress, and not just force you to sit back and wait for years until the portfolio matures.
Kent Thiry: That is correct. The first phase of enrollment has begun. Again we are in active discussions with multiple plans and do hope to be able to participate in the program. We are not enrolling to-date, at this point.
Kent Thiry: Would you just repeat the question please Gary, and then either Jim Hilger or Jim Gustafson can hopefully nail it for you.
Kent Thiry: Why don't, Gary, you give us a minute, because it just sends too much tentativeness in the answers. So give us a couple of minutes and we will get back to you.
Kent Thiry: Very fair, and by that standard it wasn't strong, relative to our guidance and our fears about what 2014 might look like. We actually feel -- on our side, we are feeling very-very good. But compared to the standard that you just set forth reasonably, you're right, you could then say it was just -- you could say whatever you want.
Kent Thiry: All right. Thank you. I will point out one, I think it was mentioned earlier in the call, but we did have a significant increase in some of our costs, including EPO, which is part of why you see the OI number on the dialysis side, that Gary you were talking about. Okay, operator.
Kent Thiry: Well, if we are successful, the Philadelphia joint venture could be of pretty serious size, just like healthcare partners in California and Florida and Nevada. And so, the numbers could be substantial, therefore, you don't have to do lots and lots of them, if you succeed and they grow at a nice steady pace. Having said that, we do want to do more than one. We do not think this will be the last time we use a model like this and in many other instances however, we will still be a majority owner. In this particular case, the payor had such a strong market position, and because of some other aspects of the agreement as well, 50-50 just seemed like the right thing to do.
Kent Thiry: Village Health, we can grow it outside of the ESCO program. Not as cleanly and as aggressively as we could, if there was an attractive ESCO program. But yes, we can continue to nudge it along and push it along. In addition, one of Village Health's great benefits, is it adds value to our fee-for-service clients, who then can take that value into account, when we are negotiating dialysis rates. So just because we are not capitated or at risk with them, doesn't mean that they cannot appreciate the impact on quality in total costs, and how that reflected and monetized in part through conventional fee for service rates. But to the first part of your question, where we will continue to strive to grow Village Health everywhere, we can. It just won't be rapid without a government program that works.
Kent Thiry: Oh, if we like the program, we like to take the whole program to ourselves. I think they are putting a cap of 15,000 or 20,000 and of course, they would never allocate more than X percent to us, and we would take that in a second and double it if we could, if we just get a couple of changes.
Kent Thiry: We can't do it spontaneously, and we will think about doing it for the next call, let us sort that out. We want to make sure there is reasonable boundaries on how much market specific stuff we talk about; because in general, its not in your best interest for us to go to deep market-by-market. We violated our normal policy, because we felt we had to do it in order to be responsible in discussing our current performance to you. But I am not at all sure we are going to want to go, where you're going.
Kent Thiry: I think not, and let us just reflect after the call, and if I am making the wrong game time [ph] decision, Jim and Garry will correct it.
Kent Thiry: Okay. So hopefully Gary, that took care of that one, and our early answer we apologize was misleading. So I am glad we are able to correct it quickly, and thank you all very much for your interest in us. We will do our best to do what we said we were going to do going forward. Thank you.
Craig Samitt: Sure KT. Just four additional points. The first is that the IBC-Tandigm transaction allowed us to review lessons learned from the prior deals that KT described in the past, and focus on avoiding risks, that we were faced with some of the other deals from prior to 2014. The second is, as you can see, this is our new pilot in forging a team of equals relationship between a payor and a renowned delivery system. And so, we are optimistic that the shoulder-to-shoulder partnership will be highly effective. In terms of structure, we are through Tandigm, enabling primary care physicians, with supports from both the payor side, which is very data and analytics rich, and healthcare partners, which is clinical care model and population health rich, in managing the transition of Philadelphia marketplace from volume to value. And fourth, is the reason why this is a prime market for us is that, Philadelphia is one of the highest cost of care marketplaces in the U.S., with in fact the highest admission rate per thousand in the country. So our expertise is very much needed in that market.
Craig Samitt: Yeah Kevin, this is Craig Samitt. We are in active discussions with multiple payors, who will be participating in the California Duals program. We hope to be able to participate in the program, but don't know yet if we will, with which payors or for how many patients we will be providing care for.
Craig Samitt: And therefore the plans do have lives that they are accountable for, that they don't have organized networks for and people just keep on going to their existing provider, with whatever management the plan itself can overlay. But for them, its just highly imperfect, but pretty normal way to get something like this started.
Craig Samitt: Right now, the premise is that, there is nothing big that's going to go on good or bad with Duals, and if we cut a deal that we think is material, we will get back to you the moment it happens.
Craig Samitt: We are beginning to venture with the 300 physicians. But the hope and expectation is that, we would expand the contracted network with Tandigm beyond the 300 physicians through this year and into next year as well. So our expectation is that, our membership of both MA and commercial will grow in this venture.
Craig Samitt: But I will add you don't want to take too many lives, if they are being cared for by physicians who are not committed or positively interested in the new model. Okay, operator. Thank you.
