Craig Menear: Thank you, Isabel, and good morning everyone. We’re very pleased with our performance in the second quarter, achieving a milestone of the highest quarterly sales and net earnings results in our company history. Sales for the second quarter were up $30.5 billion, up 8.4% from last year. Comp sales were up 8% from last year with U.S. comps of positive 8.1%. Diluted earnings per share were $3.05 in the second quarter. Our results in the second quarter reflected what we call the bathtub effect. As expected, the majority of seasonal sales we missed in the first quarter were recovered in the second quarter. We also continued to see broad-based strength across the store and all geographies. In the U.S., all three of our divisions posted positive comps in the second quarter, as did our 19 regions and top 40 markets. Internationally, Canada and Mexico posted mid to high single digit positive comps in local currency during the quarter. Our solid performance was driven by the outstanding execution of our store associates, merchants, suppliers and supply chain teams. Navigating a sudden spike in demand like the one we witnessed in May isn’t easy. For example, in the northern division the variability in sales over a two-week period of time was as high as 2,770 basis points as the weather turned more favorable.  As Ted will detail, both ticket and transactions grew in the quarter. We saw a healthy balance of growth from both our pro and DIY categories, with pro sales once again outpacing DIY sales in the quarter. The alignment of our Interline and legacy outside sales forces around four targeted end markets continues to gain traction. These sales professionals are experts in their respective fields, providing valuable insight and partnership to the pro customers that they serve. This in turn drives greater engagement and incremental spend. Our digital business continued to be a source of growth. Online traffic growth was healthy and second quarter online sales grew approximately 26% from the second quarter of 2017. Customers continue to respond to ongoing investments and enhancements we are making in support of the customer experience.  Delivering a best-in-class interconnected shopping experience encompasses much more than our digital properties and physical store assets. Our supply chain and the investments that we are making to enhance the delivery and fulfillment options available for customers is also an important area of focus. We have continued to develop and roll out new delivery capabilities. We have now rolled out small parcel express delivery from store via car and van in nearly all our major markets in the U.S., with plans for further expansion. Additionally, we told you that 2018 would be the year of the pilot as we test and learn with new fulfillment centers. I’m pleased to report that we are on track with our plan and opened our first MDO, or Market Delivery Operation, during the quarter. In the second half of this year, we plan to open additional facilities. The opening of these facilities is a cross-functional endeavor. From our real estate team that locates the appropriate sites to our IT teams that develop the proprietary software that runs them and our supply chain team that owns execution throughout, the build-out of the One Home Depot supply chain is truly a collaborative team effort. I want to commend everyone for their work thus far in getting our five-year journey off to a strong start. Let me touch briefly on the progress we are making with some of our store investments. We have implemented our way-finding sign and store refresh package in over 500 stores year-to-date, ahead of our initial plan. We also continue to make progress on the rollout of our redesigned front end areas and BOPIS lockers, among other investments. We are only seven months into a three-year investing journey. We remain energized and excited about the work and the opportunities ahead. We’re focused on improving the customer experience by investing in our business and in our associates.  Turning to the macro environment, the U.S. economy and drivers for home improvement spending are strong. As Carol will detail, because of our outperformance in the first half versus our plan, we are increasing our sales and earnings per share guidance for the year. We now expect fiscal 2018 sales growth of approximately 7% and diluted earnings per share of $9.42.  I want to close by thanking our associates for their hard work and continued dedication to our customers as they once again successfully navigated our busiest selling season. Based on the first half results, 100% of our stores qualified for success sharing, our profit sharing program for our hourly associates. We are very proud of their efforts. With that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig Menear: Simeon, we feel very positive about the strength of the home improvement sector and the customer’s willingness to spend. I’ll let Carol walk you through some of the details of how we actually think about it.
Craig Menear: I think probably the biggest question that we get is around affordability as it relates to the housing environment, and with the increase in interest rates, when do we get worried about affordability. Again, Carol can walk through how we think about affordability, but the affordability factor with interest rates doesn’t impact the majority of folks. 
Craig Menear: Michael, I would say at this point that the tariff environment is manageable, and given our sales and our size and scale, it’s even that much more manageable. Overall on the lumber tariffs with Canada and the laundry tariffs on washing machines, as you mentioned, and the Section 301s that have come through, this is all low single digit percent of our COGS and 25-odd basis points of cost pressure. I mean, we are seeing increased cost requests from suppliers, particularly the ones that have been impacted by the tariffs, but as you can see, the overall size is very manageable at this point.  Now, there are some categories, and laundry being the most specific where you had up to 25 and 50% tariff if get over certain volumes of imports, for sure that elasticity showed up. You had mid-teen increase in the industry with laundry prices, and you did see some unit falloff there; but as the Korean manufacturers get their facilities up and running in Tennessee and South Carolina respectively, that tariff pressure will mitigate because they will be producing all their machines here domestically.
Craig Menear: It was for the first half, and if I recall correctly, I think for the first half last year, we were 100% for our stores as well. 
Craig Menear: So yes, at this point by far the largest impact is the 119 basis points that we called out from core commodities. There are puts and takes in that, but for the most part, Seth, lumber for example is priced weekly, and you might have some differential on a SKU or market here or there, but those tend to be priced competitively by everyone across the marketplace. We don’t see large impacts in the second half from the non-commodity, and in fact commodity has come down meaningfully, lumber and copper each which are behind the 119 basis points, have moved down over the last eight weeks. So if you look at lumber prices, we are now on framing only 4% ahead of last year, and the peak there was about 40%, so we’re not going to see the same lumber inflation in the back half. Panel prices again were 35 or 40% above LY, and that’s now at about 1% over last year. The good news is, we spoke about it elasticity earlier - I mean, a 40% increase, and we saw such a sharp and quick run-up in lumber prices, we were starting to see an impact in units, but over the last six, seven, eight weeks as these prices have come down, units have responded nicely, so we’ll take the volume any day over price in commodities. 
Craig Menear: Yes, I’ll make a comment and I’ll turn it over to Kevin. Overall strength in our online business but certainly supported as well with the seasonal categories, so it’s interesting but seasonal businesses pick up in the online space just like they do in the physical space.
Craig Menear: I guess the only comment I’d make on categories, if you think about the number one project would be painting, and you would think that if there was going to be an impact, it would be there, we just had our best paint quarter in five years.
Craig Menear: If you think about the data that shows that average number of retailers that customers shop in roughly the last four years has declined from 13 to 9, and our consumer research said that the customer trusts us to bring value and questions why we don’t help them fulfill the balance of their needs in their home, this is an opportunity for us as we go forward largely as this business continues to shift to the digital world, so you should think about this as a digital strategy. 
Craig Menear: Yes, actually we are seeing movement on that as we’ve consistently had our pro business growth accelerate against our growth in DIY, so we are seeing that.
Craig Menear: The first thing I’d say is, boy, our thoughts and prayers go to all the folks that are being impacted here. It’s a horrible situation for sure, and for us, the good news is that we don’t have any structures that have been impacted, but we certainly have associates and customers who have been impacted. It’s just a tough situation for sure. Fires are a tough thing, because basically fires destroy everything and essentially you’re in a new rebuild from that point forward. That’s obviously not the focus of our business, it’s not where our strength or focus is, so no. It’s a tough deal for those affected and we feel for everybody that’s going through this, and we certainly hope for the safety of all the folks battling the blazes, our first responders. 
Carol Tomé: Yes, I think it’s so very important when you think about the affordability index, and we’ve talked to you about this in the past, right now the affordability index for the country is 144, and if you look at the historical average, it’s 127, so in the past we’ve said, well, if it gets to 127, that could be a watch-out for us. But as we’ve thought about it, we thought really you need to think about it on the margin, because if only 4% of housing units are turning in a year, that means 96% of homeowners are staying in their home and they don’t care about rising interest rates, and in fact they love rising home prices because their equity is worth more. So really, when you think about affordability, it’s the 96% of the housing units that are in place that are driving the home improvement spend and not so much the marginal turnover that the media tends to pay attention to. 
Carol Tomé: Yes, so let’s just take Seattle. Seattle, the home prices have been on fire, and on fire for a while. Our comp in the Seattle market in the second quarter was 7.7%. 
Carol Tomé: Sure. In the second quarter, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, we had 90 basis points of expense leverage in BAU. If you look at the drivers of those 90 basis points, roughly 50 of the basis points came from payroll and payroll related items. You’ve heard Ann-Marie Campbell talk about a new labor model that she’s introduced into the stores. We’re driving productivity in our stores while at the same time increasing our customer reports - our customers are very happy with the service that they’re getting in our stores. The rest of the leverage came from leveraging fixed costs as well as everything else. Productivity is a virtuous cycle here at the Home Depot, and when you put up a comp of 8% you expect to get pretty good expense leverage, and indeed we did. As we think about the balance of the year, our expense growth factor in the first half of the year was 139%. We would expect it to be around 135% for the back half of the year, giving us the guidance that we gave you of 137%. Just to comment on the quarters, we would think the expense growth factor would be slightly higher in the third quarter than the fourth quarter, because remember the fourth quarter has that extra week. 
Carol Tomé: We’d probably need to look at your math, but when we look at our transactions for the second quarter and back out garden or our seasonal business, our comp transaction was up 1.6%. 
Carol Tomé: Yes, we can unpack that 8% comp for you this way, and I’m going to round to make it easy. About two points of growth came from our seasonal business, about one point of growth came from the index-based commodity categories that Ted called out on his call, another 1% came from hurricane-related sales, and then the remaining four came from everything else. 
Carol Tomé: Yes, we’re really excited about the execution of this initiative. In fact, if you look at the capital that we spent for the first six months of the year, 50% of that went into the stores. Our team’s just doing a great job of putting in everything we said we were going to do.
Carol Tomé: So this is not for the faint of heart, right? There’s a lot going on inside the stores, but we’ve piloted this for over a year before we even started to roll. Perhaps that’s one reason why we’re rolling faster than we thought we might.
Carol Tomé: We, like the rest of the nation, are facing higher transportation and fuel costs, and we reflected that in the guidance that we gave for our gross margin for the year. Now, we expect an expansion of 41 basis points for the year; last quarter, we expected 44 basis points, so we have factored that. We’re doing our best to manage through it, but there is a real issue in the transportation markets in our country. On the shrink side, shrink was one of those other factors when I called out the drivers of gross margin performance, the change in accounting, transportation and then all other. Shrink was in that all other bucket of 6 basis points of expansion. It was actually a hurt in the quarter, but we were able to offset with actually the benefits coming off of the newly acquired companies. We’ve got a cross-functional team that’s working on shrink, and just yesterday we had a really great report out. We’ve hired a new loss prevention officer into our company and we’re excited about that.
Carol Tomé: And 47% of our online orders are picked up inside of the store, so we’re really driving this interconnected experience. 
Carol Tomé: Let’s just look at the math of housing turnover. With 4% of units turning, that’s about 5 million households turning, and I’m looking at occupied households today - that’s 5 million units turning. The average spend is $3,500 a unit, so that means the market opportunity for housing turnover is $17.5 billion. If you use our NAICS market share of 28%, that gets you $5 billion-ish of sales, so $5 billion-ish of sales on our base of $100 billion suggests that turnover just isn’t that important. Just for fun, I modeled what could happen using that simple math if turnover were to decline 15%. No one is projecting that, but modeled it just for fun, and the impact on comps, because again it’s not very big, was less than 1%.  So to your specific question about category-specific, we have no insight there, but I’d bring it up to 40,000 feet and say it’s just not that important.
Carol Tomé: We saw a demo of it yesterday, though, and the demo looked good. We’ve got to get it now out of beta into the customer hands, but it looked pretty good.
Carol Tomé: Right, and just the capital associated with our merchandising resets alone this year is $275 million, so we’re investing into this for the long term customer experience.
Carol Tomé: Oh, if only we had that insight into share capture DIY versus pro. As you know, market share is a bit elusive for us. The best we can do is look at the NAICS 4441, and if we look at the NAICS 4441, it would suggest that we gained share in the second quarter.
Carol Tomé: No, home price appreciation is doing exactly what we thought it would do. Household formation is trending the way that we thought it would. The age of the houses - well, they’re getting older. Housing turnover is the only on that slowed down a little bit, but again it’s not that important. It’s a driver of spend, not a driver of growth.
Marc Brown: Right, the market delivery operations that we built in is just part of our overall plan to drive the fastest, most efficient delivery in home improvement. It’s just getting started there so it’s very early days in terms of that, but this is one of those stockless locations that’s a delivery hub in a local area and we deliver primarily appliances out of there at this point, but we’ll be adding more products to that as we go. Expect more and we’ll keep you posted as we go in the second half and beyond.
Marc Brown: Obviously for competitive reasons, we’re not going to call out performance of those stores, but we’re continuing to roll that through the back half of the year.
Marc Brown: Yes, we’re super excited, so the greatest penetration of stores will get our new way-finding and sign package, which really brightens up the store and makes navigation of the store much easier. We also do, call it a general environmental clean-up of the stores, spiff the floors, add lighting, paint, remodel restrooms, breakrooms for the associates, etc., so very pleased with the look and feel, and our customer sat scores are trending up as we roll that out.  As Craig mentioned, we’re doing lockers, we’re rolling lockers out, revamping some front ends of the store, putting Buy Online Pickup In Store storage lockers into the stores, and also very excited to be rolling out electronic shelf labels. We’ve not done this in the past and we’re starting with our appliance department, and we’ll do over half the stores this year with sort of iPad-sized electronic price signs and information on the appliance in our appliance departments.
Marc Brown: That’s right. I mean, again on the theme of the fastest, most efficient delivery in home improvement, certainly we’re fast when we have car and van same-day delivery available from our stores in all of our major markets. We’re almost there with all of our major markets. What we’d say about that is it’s great because that’s incredibly fast, but it also has great coverage. We’d match of our coverage of same-day delivery up against anyone in the marketplace, and we would say that our home improvement capability is unmatched in the marketplace.Kevin mentioned the drivers of digital growth. One of those is increased conversion due to faster delivery. 
Ted Decker: Sure. I think we take a portfolio approach to this, and we do not--you know, these tariffs are very specific. They’re calling out products with specific dimensions, so it’s not always even a category of goods, it’s a specific unit or number of units within a category of goods. Yes, we apply learnings on elasticity and we’re not necessarily taking a one-for-one retail with a cost increase. We manage at the portfolio level, and as I said, with this gross less than, you know, low single digit percent of COGS, it’s well within our scope to manage this at the portfolio level.
Ted Decker: Sure. Very early days. As you say, we’re adding a number of SKUs in things like tabletop, in décor, in rugs, etc. Very early days, but pleased with our traction. Significant growth, but on a low base. We’ve completed the integration of the company store, and one of our first integration moves was to list a lot of their better sellers on the Home Depot website, so that just went live some weeks ago and starting to see an uptick there. This is all a journey for our customers to find this product on our website and engage with the Home Depot in these adjacent, but we think very relevant categories. 
Ted Decker: Matt, the main thing there is we’re investing at an accelerated rate in merchandising resets. The inventory from a seasonal perspective is in great shape. We’re at record high levels of in-stock, which we felt was critically important to be able to capture the sales that we did in the second quarter, but the main reason for the increase is the add-on of new businesses and the investment in accelerated merchandising resets.
Ted Decker: I actually think what I’d say is we’ve seen kind of the opposite effect. I think there were categories that we anticipated the customer may not engage in the digital world, but that shopping experience actually starts in the digital world, even if it finishes in the physical world. So if you think about things like flooring or doors, which you would traditionally think of as a category that would be purchased in store, in most cases the shopping experience actually starts in the digital world. We’ve seen really nice engagement with the customer really across categories.
Bill Lennie: When we talked about this last December, we said this was a two to three-year journey, and it will be to build out all the tools and applications that our professional business customers need. We’re still in the customer intercept interview phase and we’re in testing mode, so we’ll probably get a couple of customers over on kind of a small test as we go through Q3, but we’ll see more activity around this space in Q4. 
Bill Lennie: Matt, this is Bill Lennie. We would peg that growth or that pro penetration closer to 45% today. We’ve seen several years of growth where pro has outpaced consumer. Consumer strength has been there, but it’s the activity in the home investment that Carol spoke to. The pro growth has exceeded that, and we’d peg it at about 45%.
Bill Lennie: Craig in his opening comments spoke about integrating our outside sales force - that’s been completed. We’re seeing great collaboration across the organizations, which is allowing us to cross-sell between Interline’s inventories and Home Depot’s inventories. Our sales professionals really provide a service beyond just product for our customers. They are experts in their field, and with that, it does drive engagement, so we’ve seen great strength both in store and outside of the store, particularly with our MRO accounts, so that integration continues to progress nicely. 
Bill Lennie: Just a quick comment on the pro data. We have--through my view, and our tools at the Pro Desk have been able to provide better insights for our in-store pro sales associates, and we’ve seen growth across all of our managed accounts and our portfolios. But the fastest growing segment of our pro business is the pros that are in our stores and covered by [indiscernible], so it just shows as we provide insights, we can give them some guided selling tools, they engage more with the customers, can provide better insights for us what services and what products we can provide. That just leads to engage and pro growth, so strength has really been outpaced in-store versus our outside sales, which is all about execution and in-stocks and great relationships.
