Craig Menear: Thank you, Isabel. And good morning, everyone. Sales for the first quarter were $24.9 billion, up 4.4% from last year. Comp sales were up 4.2% from last year with the US comps of positive 3.9%. Diluted earnings per share were $2.08 in the first quarter. We are pleased with our performance in the first quarter and the fundamentals of our business remains solid. As Ted will detail, excluding weather impacted categories, our pro and core interior project business remained strong in the quarter and we saw healthy growth in maintenance and repair categories. From a geographic perspective, weather impacts can be seen in the variability of performance across Canada, our three US divisions and 19 regions. Our largest division is the Northern division, which posted flat comps due to weakness in our seasonal categories. The Southern and Western divisions saw relatively better weather trends and comped above the company average. On the international front, Canada posted a slightly negative comp in local currency while Mexico posted positive comps in local currency. You've heard us talk about the bathtub effect based on when spring breaks where weak seasonal sales in the first quarter are counterbalanced by strength in the second quarter. We expect that effect to be true this year, and over the past few weeks, as Spring has finally arrived through the US and Canada, we are seeing strong customer demand. Part of the strength we saw in the business can be attributed to the health of our Pro customer as Pro sales once again outpaced DIY sales in the quarter. Investments aimed at deepening our relationship with our Pro customers are yielding increased engagement, which translates to incremental spend. While still early, the combination of enhanced associate tools in the store and expanded delivery capabilities are gaining traction with the Pros. In delivery, for example, we augmented our two hour and four hour delivery window options with same day car and van delivery in select markets. These efforts help drive double-digit delivered sales growth in the quarter. Our interconnected retail strategy continues to resonate with our customers. Online traffic growth was healthy and our first quarter online sales grew approximately 20% from the first quarter of 2017. During the quarter, we began to launch the customer's ability to attach install services when they buy certain products online in select markets. For example, in certain markets, if you purchase a faucet online and want to include the installation of the faucet in your purchase we now enable this experience. We continue to invest in the interconnected shopping experience and see a positive response from our customers in the form of improved customer satisfaction scores, better conversion and increased sales. As we continue to make the shopping experience more convenient for our customers, another area of focus and differentiation is our supply chain. The flexibility of our supply chain is a competitive advantage, particularly when unpredictable weather results in spiky demand patterns. And stock levels are at record highs as our shelf shelves are fully stocked with products our customers need to get their projects done. Let me touch briefly on our long-term strategic priorities. You will recall at our Investor Conference in December, we outlined our commitment to accelerated investment plan to create the One Home Depot experience for our customers. I'm pleased to report that our key initiatives are on track. We implemented our enhanced way finding sign and store refresh package in nearly 250 stores during the quarter and intend to pilot our first new supply chain facility starting this summer. It's still early days, but we remain very excited about the work and opportunities ahead as we focus on enhancing the customer experience by investing in our business and in our associates. Our associate's consistently execute. A delay in the spring selling season is not without its challenges. But given the company wide alignment and coordination of our store teams, merchants, vendor partners and supply chain, coupled with a favorable housing backdrop, we are poised to deliver strong 2018. I'd like to close by thanking our associates for their dedication, hard work and commitment to our customers. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig Menear: So in terms of garden, April is not necessarily the biggest month in garden generally, that is May. And we actually don't break out the divisional numbers. But Northern division is our largest division.
Craig Menear: I mean, first of all, this clearly is really a garden story for us. The miss in terms of garden was significant against what we planned.
Craig Menear: The storm affected sales were roughly 135 basis point impact. And we actually expect to capture the majority of those sales and as we're seeing that happen in May.
Craig Menear: So let me – I'll touch on the store a minute here and then Mark Holifield is here and can speak to the delivery. 250 stores that we implemented is signing and refresh packaging. We're obviously just completing those. We did that investment for our stores over a couple of year period, or doing that because of the pilots that we ran previous to that. And so we've built that lift into our guidance. And that's something that we're rolling here over the next two years across all the stores.
Craig Menear: Sure, I would say that the paint promotional environment is certainly for us, it's the exact same year-over-year. We are not seeing any more promotion out of others in the marketplace either. We are very happy with our paint performance. Our comp was at the company average and we saw the strongest interior paint comp gallon performance we've seen in a long time. So we are happy with our brands. We have the best brand with their in the marketplace. We're thrilled with our expansion of PPG and Ann and team are doing a fantastic job of selling in the stores.
Craig Menear: Well, the two areas we've seen, the largest cost request are in clear commodities. So looking at lumber and copper for example, those generally are the market passes on, most of those products are priced weekly and well known pricing indexes in the market tends to follow that. So we've had no problem passing that on. I will say lumber in panel prices are at historic highs. We don't see that abating at all. We're up about 30% year-over-year. Certainly, don't wanted to go a whole lot higher. But for right now we've been able to pass on and not seeing degradation in units. The other area and things like laundry where you had a very specific tariff. The entire industry has accepted that the cost increase based on the tariffs and you're seeing retails in all competitors that have gone up more or less mirroring the impact from the tariff.
Craig Menear: Yes. Overall flooring again, we're very happy. Our comps in flooring were above the company average for sure led by the LVT. That product is just a fantastic product, solid or waterproof, a final product that looks like tile and or lead. The rest of the business is solid. I mean a lot of sales moving into that LVT product, but you know the rest of the business is sort of low single digit comp.
Craig Menear: I mean, we're pleased overall with what's happening on the delivery side of that business. We don't break out those numbers specifically. But we are seeing very nice growth. And as Mark said earlier, that is attracting both incremental business with current customers and new customers into the business.
Craig Menear: So let me, I'll answer the second part of that and I'll turn it over to Kevin Hofmann. From a profitability standpoint, we run this on a portfolio basis, and it's an interconnected experience. So in many, many cases, the experience starts in the digital world, it may finish in the physical world. Over 45% of our orders the customer chooses to pick up in one of our stores. So we manage the portfolio, if you will, on a profit basis across the channels.
Craig Menear: So there actually is an impact from a seasonal standpoint in the online business, When it's snowing on the ground in April, people aren't really looking online for a patio furniture, for example. So it's kind of funny, but there actually is an impact.
Craig Menear: So if you look at the average ticket of 5.8, think about the commodity impact plus the FX impact, and that gets you back to kind of where we've been running all of 2017 quarter-by-quarter.
Craig Menear: We can move prices, obviously, online instantaneously. We purposely, because of how it impacts the store environment – prices in the store at a different rate than we do online.
Craig Menear: It's still early days, and customers are choosing to purchase all sorts of things. It could be a Pro on a jobsite leading something. But there's a lot also on the Buy Online, Deliver From Store front. So it's interesting to see where it goes. It's not taking a real pattern at this point.
Craig Menear: No, we’ll actually recover most of the business there. There may be a piece here and there that you missed like part of pre-emergence, but even in that we feel like we're getting most of that business right now particularly in the north. So the majority of this business will be recovered.
Craig Menear: Sure. I think as I mentioned earlier, our online business for all practical purposes is incremental, so we actually haven't seen in the need to make a lot of shifts in space. It's something that we look at on a continual basis. But we really haven't had to do that at all.
Craig Menear: So the 1.1 was for the quarter X our garden business. It wasn't for April. So that was for the total quarter. And we think about the balance between ticket and transactions have been relatively even over time and that's how we plan the year.
Craig Menear: Yes. So there definitely was impact still in the other months as well. And the recovery of that, you'll get a significant piece in May, but it will actually flow into June and July as well.
Craig Menear: I think the other thing you have to think about is actually, not just the downstream portion of our supply chain network, but the advantage that we actually have as a result of the upstream portion of our supply chain moving goods from our suppliers to our stores and our distribution centers. It's those things working in combination that will create the fastest most efficient delivery in home-improvement.
Carol Tome: We're so pleased with the performance across our geographies. And if you look at the performance in the first quarter, the Southern division had a slightly higher comp than the Western division. But remember, the Southern division has some hurricane related sales in it. So if you normalize for hurricanes, the divisions performed pretty much the way they should have performed. It was really in the north and it come back and the whole business is coming back.
Carol Tome: And Craig, maybe we could just quantify that for you. If you back up the gardens, our comp for the quarter would have been 6.5%.
Carol Tome: So our map isn't perfect, but our modeling would suggest that the majority of these delivered sales are incremental.
Carol Tome: And Steve, I'd like you to remember that this is a 5 year plan. We've committed $1.2 billion in our supply chain over the next 5 years. We will spend as much in year four and five as we do in year one through three. So it’s definitely going to ramp up over time.
Carol Tome: Yeah. So there are a number of things that we look at, obviously. During the recovery, we were always looking for green shoots and our looking for red flags, luckily we’re not seeing any of those. But here's what we're looking. As you see, rates are going up, 30-year mortgage, I don't know what your screen is showing. The last time I looked, it was about 4.6%., and it's on its way up projected to be up at least 5% by 2020. Historical mortgages over the past, gosh, 50 some odd years, it's 5.8%. So we're considerably under those historical mortgage rates. But we are super focused on the Affordability Index and what that means in terms of performance by market. So if you look at the Affordability Index for the country at large, it's 152%, which is still very good. The average over again decades is about 127%. So if the Affordability Index were to reach 127% or under, that would certainly be a red flag. And then we look at rising home prices coupled with rising mortgage rates, you see in markets where you might argue there's an overheated housing market or at least certainly one that's on fire, so there anything happening to our business? So I would call out two markets, Denver, Colorado and Seattle, Washington. Both have had seen extraordinary expansion of home price appreciation. The business there is very good, and the reason is because the economy is very good. So you can't just look at housing prices and interest rates and say, 'Oh, oh, you got to then look at what's happening to the economy.' So it's getting a bit more complicated than it has in the past because there are all these influences of business. But certainly, if I stop talking just tell you what we look at every day, we look at ticket and transactions, ticket and transactions. Because if you go back to the last recession, ignoring the housing downturn recession, but the last recession in the United States had 2001, our ticket was flat. So we're looking at that. And then, of course, transaction, because transactions can be an indicator of a few things, right? It could be an indicator of slowdown in demand or an indicator that competitors taking your customer away. So hopefully, that's helpful, Brian.
Carol Tome: Our expectation is that the sales will be the same year-on-year. The majority of the benefit will occur in the first half. There may be some trailing benefit in the back half because the issues in Puerto Rico are so dramatic, but it won't be material to the company.
Carol Tome: So, first of all, what I'd say is largely, our business online is incremental sales. We're growing the categories in store at the same time that we're growing online. And I'll let Kevin speak to the categories.
Carol Tome: Yes. So as you would anticipate, for transactions with tickets of $50 or less, they were down year-on-year. That was because of our garden business. And I can make this really real for you. If you can think about penetration of tender and you may say why? If you look at penetration of tender in the quarter, our private label credit card penetration increased by 50 basis points. At the same time, our cash tender decreased by 50 basis points. And that was all related to our garden business, which is a smaller ticket activity.
Carol Tome: It was a positive 1.1% for the quarter and continues to be positive. As we said, May comps for the company are double-digit positive.
Carol Tome: No, it wasn't fuel alone. We had eight basis points of gross margin contraction in transportation, of which three basis points was fuel and five basis points was the pressure in transportation. We're not alone. All companies are facing higher transportation cost. And as you know, as our practice, we will figure out a way to work through this, but we certainly got some challenges ahead.
Carol Tome: Yeah. So, on the margin expansion that came from mix and acquisitions that was 14 basis points in total, of which six basis points was mix and eight basis points came from our recent acquisitions, those acquisitions being the Company store and Compact Power. As we look to the second quarter, obviously with an increasing penetration of the garden business, which is a lower margin category, that's an impact on gross margin. But we're going to have benefit in other areas, too. So nothing comes to our attention that we can't deliver the gross margin guidance that we just provided and updated with you today. On our private label credit card, really pleased with the performance. As I mentioned, we saw 50 basis point improvement in penetration year-on-year. What we're seeing is a very healthy portfolio. The average net receivable, which obviously isn't – underwritten by us, it's underwritten by a third-party, but it's over $12 billion. We had 1 million new accounts opened year-on-year and we're seeing pretty good utilization on those accounts. For the consumer, the utilization is around 29%. For the Pro, the utilization is around 23%. And our approval rates are north of 70% for both the consumer and the Pro. Part of the change in accounting for us is moving all of the aspects of our private label credit card up to the revenue line. And included in the benefit that we removed out of our selling expenses and moved up to the revenue line was gain share. Gain share is our profit-sharing program with Citi who underwrites this card for us. The way the portfolio has gains is there's an EBIT threshold that must earn and anything over that a bit threshold, we share in it. And that percentage of sharing changes over time. Embedded in that EBIT threshold, of course, is that you've got to make sure that the portfolio doesn't have high losses because that could impact your gain share and our losses. This is a long winded answer to your question. But our losses are running at or below historical averages. So the portfolio is very healthy.
Carol Tome: We didn't anticipate deleveraging the supply chain in the first quarter to the extent that we did. The team did an awesome job. They were managing the demand pressure coming from all kinds of areas, so managed through it.
Carol Tome: There is definitely pressure coming out of the back -- balance of the year, but will manage through it.
Carol Tome: Well as we look at mobility rates, we see mobility rates declining by all age cohorts, particularly baby boomers like me and there's been some great research that came out of the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies that suggest the desire is to age out in your home. Think about what that means for home improvement. There's nothing but opportunity. That's just one trend.
Carol Tome: Well yeah, I mean if you think about flooring for example, that's something that people look at as they age in their home. How do you make sure you eliminate trip hazards? You think about the back three models and the ability to put in walk-in showers for example, so that you don't have to step into a bathtub or you have the potential to slip. You think about lighting around the home becomes an important factor both inside and outside of the home. You think about security, so there's lots of factors that go into how somebody thinks about changing their home if there aging out in their home.
Carol Tome: Well, I'm really pleased with how we've managed our capital structure over the past several years. If you look at our the amount of debt that we have outstanding, long-term debt, excluding current maturities, $24 billion. The average maturity of that debt is 13.6 years. The coupon is 3.7%. The latter maturity full of 40 years. So we really worked hard to not put any financial risk into the company. And with an adjusted debt, that are target of two times. That implies we can get the debt paid off in a very short period of time. So comfortable with that leverage. Always going to be mindful of not putting the company into financial distress, but we're comfortable with where we're today.
Carol Tome: Sure. So I talked about expense deleverage and leverage as a percent of sales. I didn't really talk about the expense growth factor. But let's use that nomenclature because that's how we've guided for the year. So the expense growth factor in the first quarter was 202% and the drivers of that were rev rack, which was 57%; investments in the business, 70%; and then what we call BAU, business as usual, 75%. And that business as usual, there's about 12% of acquisition-related expenses, companies that we've acquired. So we focus – then on the guidance that we gave for the year, clearly, it's going to get better. And it's going to get better for a couple of reasons. First, we have $167 million of hurricane-related expenses in the back half that will not repeat. So you should model higher expense growth factor in the first half than in the back half. Secondly, you've heard and we talk about this, we have a new labor model, which more effectively allocates our hours to our activity. That starts to kick in into June. So we should be driving more labor productivity than we saw in the first quarter. Then if I focus simply on the investments in the first quarter, the dollar amount of investments, and I'm not going to call this out every quarter, but because we’re just getting into this, I'll give you this color. Thee dollar amount of the investments were $144 million in the quarter. And those dollars were used for increased wages for our people, for increased advertising as we move to a more marketing technology platform; increases in display cost. You heard Craig call out what we're doing the sides of the stores. And then increase in headcount. We've got to have some people on Board to help us do all of these investing. In fact, I believe we've hired 350 people alone in our IT organization. So these are investments that we're making to reach those sales and operating margin targets that we laid out for 2020.
Carol Tome: Yeah. So we've been working on how to best use the cash this coming off the business through lower taxes. We aren't announcing anything today. We have a Board meeting this week. So we will keep you apprised, expect a more thorough update at the end of the second quarter. But with that, let me just say that our principles aren’t changing. The first use of cash is to go back and support of the business and our strategic imperatives. The second is to pay our dividend, and anything that's left over goes to share repurchases.
Mark Holifield: And Craig on the new delivery that's out there, the car and van delivery that's really driving sales across the range. We have a lot of buy online, deliver from Store customers who are trying out the car and van delivery. And our Pro customers, our existing Pro customers and new customers are using the do for on that.
Mark Holifield: It’s Mark Holifield here. The facilities we are going to be doing first are market delivery operations which are the hubs out there. These are stockless locations that will be delivery hubs for big and bulky products like appliances and vanity's and things like that. Later this year we'll be testing our flatbed distribution capability and opening our first local direct fulfillment center.
Mark Holifield: Yes so I mean, perhaps the way to think about this is if you think back to our RDC rollout years ago, in the first year 2007 we had exactly one RDC. In 2008, we did four, 2009, we did seven, 2010 we did seven. So you'll see a ramp somewhat similar to that across the five years of supply chain transformation ahead.
Mark Holifield: Yes, our services business represents about 4% of our total sales and grew low single digit, really driven by HVA window treatment.
Mark Holifield: No, I'd say, Craig, the space that we're doing speaks more than the interconnected nature of our online business where we're putting lockers in the front of our stores we will do about 1000 lockers of this year and we're also adding some bigger holding area for bulkier items near the front of the store. So space allocation is more for online pickup than any merchandising changes in the bay.
Mark Holifield: Yeah, I mean, you'll recall from the investor conference, we outlined 40 flatbed distribution centers, and we expect to open those to take some pressure off of the stores. But our stores are going to be in the delivery business in smaller markets for a good long time. They're still ideally located and a great place to originate of those deliveries from. In urban markets, those flatbed distribution centers will take a lot of pressure off of those Hardlines stores.
Kevin Hofmann: Excuse me, just from the health of the online business. So we were really pleased with the traffic growth we saw. Ted mentioned we had double-digit improvement in our conversion rates because of the experiential improvements we've been putting in place. But just super excited some of our fastest-growing sales are what we call those interconnected sales, where the customer is buying online, picking up in store; buying online, shipping to store, and that was some of our fastest growth. And really across the store, flooring did great, plumbing did great, electrical did great. We were very pleased.
Kevin Hofmann: Yeah, as I mentioned, so still strength in our core tools department, our plumbing department, our electrical department. Really, the core of the stores have been performing very nicely. We've got a great bath business online as well. In your question around pricing, it's just like how we think about it in the store of being priced competitively every day and making sure that we differentiate, not just on price, but on the full service offering to the customer, the experience and all the things that we bring to the table. So very actively monitoring and managing the price situation online just like we do in the store.
Kevin Hofmann: And I don't want to forget that the interconnected aspect of our online business as well because things like the lumber department pages or building material pages are some of our most active pages because the pros are looking at price and the inventory available. So while they're not transacting as much online in those departments, we have great traffic on those pages.
