Carol Tomé: Absolutely, Deb. As we talked about, we did have 28 basis points of gross margin expansion in the quarter, 24 of which came from the U.S. Now 14 of that was all mix related. We had a lower penetration of lower margin categories like garden and lumber, and that drove 14 basis points of margin expansion. We also had 4 basis points of margin expansion coming out of Canada. That was all mix related as well.
Carol Tomé: As we've looked at the forecast for the second quarter as well as the balance of the year, we've run a number of different scenarios. And we feel good about our inventory and our ability to drive the margin expansion that's in the full year guidance. As you'll recall, at the beginning of the year, we said we would have modest gross margin expansion. As we look at where we stand, a number of different scenarios, we still believe that guidance will hold.
Carol Tomé: Well, I'll start with the gross margin comments. I want to talk a minute about supply chain and the benefits that we're seeing from supply chain. As we all know, we faced fuel pressures in the first quarter. It was about a $23 million headwind. We covered that headwind through the great efforts of our supply chain team and the productivity that we're seeing off of the RDC. So the 5 basis points of margin expansion that we attributed to a portfolio strategy and supply chain was really all supply chain covering that headwind. So as we look at the balance of the year, we see good benefits coming off the supply chain, as we anticipated. And as you know, longer term, Matt, we are anticipating getting 40 basis points off of our RDC network.
Carol Tomé: And if I might add a little more color, Matt, to that, remember $900 doesn't necessarily mean an item. It can also include items in a basket, and as Craig commented, we're not seeing our Pro comeback fully yet. And so that's impacting that business as well.
Carol Tomé: Well, we view blanket discounting with caution. We do use credit as a selling tool, as you know. Our everyday value proposition is if you spend $299 on our private label card, it's 6 months no interest minimum payment. Last year, we offered a everyday savings program, as you recall, which was if you used our private label card and you bought everyday items like light bulbs, trash bags, batteries, those sort of items, you would get 10% off. Initially, we liked what we saw and it was a tender shift play. So we saw a nice tender shift from bankcards onto our private label card, which, as you know, carries a lower cost. But then it just petered out. And what we found is that the customers weren't responding the program and so the tender shift that we saw was only about a point and a half. Not very exciting to us. So we determined that, that's not the value proposition the customer's looking for and we will be winding that program down.
Carol Tomé: Yes. It's really related to the store growth. We just got fully depreciated assets falling off of our asset register. So if you think about where we're spending our dollars, we're spending our dollars in IT. We're spending our dollars maintaining. Most of that is expense, not capital. And in terms of new store growth, which is the biggest piece of our capital -- asset base, if you will, that's very, very slow.
Carol Tomé: Well, Michael, as we mentioned, we were $83 million under last year. We were also under our plan. So we continue to derive benefits from the new checkbook tool and other tools that we've introduced to manage our expenses.
Carol Tomé: Sure. We were underspent relative to last year, our advertising dollars was $14 million. And as a percent of our total spend, it reflects 25% of our spend in the first quarter as compared to last year where we had 27% of our advertising spend in the first quarter. So we were pushing it into the second quarter because we think that makes more sense to align our advertising spend with our top selling months. So if you think about expense management for our company, at the beginning of the year, we said that expenses would grow at 70% of our sales growth rate. We were under our expenses in the first quarter relative to plan because some expenses didn't materialize the way we thought they would, particularly payroll tax. I'm giving you more color than you probably want. But anyway, because we were under our expense plan in the first quarter, as we reforecast the balance of the year, we now think expenses will grow at about 60% of our sales growth rate.
Carol Tomé: But here's just a data point, I think this might be helpful. If you look at our ticket growth, which is about $0.81 in the quarter, $0.32 of that was in our kitchens. And that wasn't inflation at all.
Carol Tomé: Right. Well, as you know, Eric, we've got an activity-based labor model and so we staff our stores relative to the sales that are inside the stores and nothing's changed in that regard. And of course, Marvin and his team are driving towards 60%-40% where 60% of the hours will be focused on selling, 40% on tasking. In terms of our new guidance, it's really reflected on some of the discrete cost pressures that we thought we would have in 2011 that don't appear to be as material. One of those, in fact, is payroll taxes, and I think we've discussed that with you. Many states said they were going to increase their payroll tax rates. These were states where we have a lot of people. That didn't happen in the first quarter. We're not sure it's going to happen in the second quarter. So that's just a function of our reviewed look on expenses. And then we tightened up our belt in a few other areas and things -- in areas that we can control. And so we feel real good about this guidance that we've given.
Carol Tomé: Yes. We expect inventory turnover to show a slight improvement from fiscal 2010. Inventory turns for 2010 was 4.1x. So we should be higher than that. Maybe another way to think about it is just, where's working capital going? Working capital will be a source of cash for the company in 2011. We are projecting that working capital, as a percent of sales, will drop from 10.3% in 2010 to 9.8% in 2011.
Carol Tomé: We've got to sell through the seasonal inventory. So if you look at our payables inventory ratio, you can see a pretty marked decline year-over-year. And it's simply related to our seasonal category. We have 6 selling departments that show improvement in inventory in the quarter. But in our seasonal categories, most of that product, not the live goods obviously, but patio and grills, those sorts of products, they're imported. We pay for those when they're shipped. You'll recall that we brought them in early in anticipation of what we had hoped would be a strong spring selling season. Well, we sold it in the south and the west. We didn't sell it in the north. We're going to sell it in the north, and our working capital will get righted in the second quarter.
Craig Menear: Sure. Thanks, Deb. And Marvin Ellison, who's our head of U.S. stores, is here, so I'd ask Marvin to address that.
Craig Menear: Well, we have sharpened our pencil as it relates to outdoor products that the customer uses most in their garden. We're also looking at things in the maintenance and repair area where customers are under pressure because of the things that you mentioned where we know they absolutely need to make repairs and we want to help them through that process.
Craig Menear: Yes. And as it relates -- Matt, this is Craig. As it relates to, really, how we're going to market, compared to what's happening in the marketplace, we're continuing to focus on really being the customer's advocate for value and trying to drive everyday great value for our customers. We believe that, that's what they're looking for. And we're using our portfolio strategy to drive the business. And there's been varying different promotional activities in the marketplace, but we're sticking to our strategy. We believe it's working for us.
Craig Menear: Sure. So what we've done is we've actually gone in and looked at multiple year history by category. Certainly, at this point, there is a little bit of business we felt in pre-emergence and in live goods that we probably won't recapture. But when you look at the majority of the seasonal business, it's running along that multi-year average. So we really don't have a significant concern. I think if something were really unusual to happen and weather continued to be horrible through the month of May, you get to Memorial Day, we'd have to deal with it in a little different manner, but I don't see that happening.
Craig Menear: So appliances was a more difficult compare in the first quarter. We were down approximately 6.6%, had about a 20 basis point impact on the comp in the quarter. The industry rate now, the best information we can gather is projecting about a 1%-ish for the year. So the industry is projecting for things to improve.
Craig Menear: So I would say that there's been a fair amount of promotional activity in the -- particularly in the Rider business. It's a shorter season. So people are trying to make sure that they don't miss that season, expected that to be a competitive environment. As it relates to the outdoor penetrations, we are roughly 30% outdoor project-type business in the first quarter. That is kind of close to historical numbers. It grows to about 35% in Q2.
Marvin Ellison: Deb, it's really a couple of things. In serving our Pro customers, time is money and that's a very simple statement. So we look at getting them in and out fast. We have dedicated loaders, dedicated cashiers, we use our First Phone for a mobile point-of-sale, which allows us to check them out a lot faster. And really, the positive result is just about getting them in the store and out of the store faster and providing a level of service with the associates being in the aisle, in front, engaging them and allowing them to get their questions answered and their services met in a lot faster manner.
Marvin Ellison: Chris, this is Marvin. In addition to that, we focused a lot on training the last couple years, on project training and on specific values that we offered to the customers for our associates. In the past, we didn't do a great job of educating our associates on the value that we offer on our products in stores, as well as the selling process. And we spent a lot of time with our Customer First program in going to each associate in each department specifically in these -- the core areas and really spending time on deliberate steps to how you satisfy a customer and how you engage a customers' buying. Those types of projects.
Marvin Ellison: Mark, this is Marvin. The only thing I'll add to that is Craig and I talk a lot about merchandising value. The service in the stores will drive transactions. And so we try to create that sustaining model in the stores. Frank is right; it's not a quick fix and it's not something that you can directly correlate. But there's not a huge variance between our stores from a service score standpoint. They're pretty tightly correlated, which means that we try to have service standard consistent in all markets in all stores. And we think if we can sustain that, then what we'll see will be continued improvement in our transactions. But as mentioned, we're very weather-dependent this time of the year and even with great service and value, you're going to have a drag on transactions when Mother Nature's not cooperating. But that's our philosophy: Value on the merchant side, service in the store. And we think, consistently, that's going to lead us to a positive transaction, which also will drive sales.
Marvin Ellison: Dan, this is Marvin. When we look at the quarter, our greatest improvement in service is in our front end scores. We put a big emphasis on this in the fourth quarter of last year knowing that as we approach spring this year, we wanted to have a faster, more friendly, more efficient checkout process for our customers. We renewed the training, we created an enhanced focus and we've been very pleased with what we've seen so far. And it's a priority for us for the balance of the year. It's something that, honestly, we have not historically done very well from a checkout perspective. We rolled out a new system that allows us to have any cashier to ring on any register so when we have backups, we don't have the process of getting a till out of the back office and setting up a register. We can allow any person to ring and that has sped up the ability to get customers out faster. And our Pro customers, as I mentioned earlier, are very pleased with checkout. The last point that I'll give you is our First Phones that we've talked about in the past, we do approximately 100,000 transactions per week at checkout with those mobile devices. That has been a tremendous benefit in speeding up checkout and customers love being in line and somebody to just walk up and ring them up right there and they can go out the door. So big focus and we're going to continue to put a big emphasis on it this year.
Francis Blake: And Colin, we use our merchandising tools and forecasting capabilities that we put in place to actually look at this on a week-by-week basis. And we look to make any appropriate adjustments if we don't see the type of sell-through that we're looking for. So always looking to optimize sales in the process.
Francis Blake: Yes. So Matt, on transactions less than $50, we were down about 2.2% in the quarter. Certainly, that has a -- the big impact there is in fact the seasonal businesses, which drive a lot of lower ticket products. Likewise, on tickets greater than $900, we were down 2.6% and there's certainly a mix impact to the growth in the average ticket as a result of the lower transactions.
Francis Blake: Certainly, OPE was not a great first quarter and that had an impact. It's a continued impact to large discretionary-type spends. The one call out exception to that is what I mentioned in my comments in that we did have a terrific performance in our Kitchen business with the great offerings that we have out there. But we're still seeing those bigger ticket discretionary projects under pressure with the customer.
Francis Blake: Chris, I think it's a combination of a lot of work that's been happening over a few years. We have been working to be able to put programs in place that will allow a customer to upgrade their kitchen no matter how they want to do that, whether that is simply refacing or refreshing their kitchen. We have options for the customer in those categories. If they want to go in and start that project tonight with assembled cabinets, we have worked to improve our offering there over the past couple years, and likewise, if you want to tear your kitchen out and start over, we've got great value propositions, including our new Martha lineup of kitchens that has been extremely well received by our customer.
Francis Blake: In terms of the categories that did well, and you look at the businesses that actually performed with positive growth, flooring, paint, tools, plumbing, electrical, all of those categories, the core center of the store actually had a very solid performance in the quarter overall. And in contrast to exterior projects, which were pretty difficult, obviously, there wasn't much happening outdoors. So real strength in the core of the center of the store.
Francis Blake: Brian, it's a good point. There is a point where you do start losing some sales, and, Craig, you might want to comment on that.
Francis Blake: Yes. I'd say this quarter sort of underscores it, Brian, because as I called out, we had some strength in markets that are still pretty tough on the housing side. And so it was much more -- if you look at our southern and western divisions positively comping and actually those areas having some of the most problematic housing issues, you really get -- we're more GBP dependent, and obviously, in the spring, we're weather dependent. And that's really how, as Carol called out, that's how we're looking at the remainder of the year.
Francis Blake: Yes. I mean, certainly, you're right, David. The information to the consumer is more readily available than it ever has been before. We're certainly monitoring the activity to look at what's going on in the marketplace to make sure that we're competitive on a day-in, day-out position and reacting accordingly. There's certain -- there's opportunity to look at driving products that are exclusive to you. We work hard on differentiation, and differentiation applies to the big box as well as it does to the online space.
Francis Blake: Michael, we can't -- it's pretty tough to tie Net Promoter Score to particular stores and as we've been reporting over the last several quarters, we've seen improvement in that. You'd like to think that, that ties to our overall performance. But it's -- we've actually had improvements in Net Promoter Scores even in difficult quarters. So this is a long-term, I mean, I think it's a long-term sustaining improvement that we're trying to achieve, and I wouldn't to try to tie it to a quarter's results.
Francis Blake: I think the ticket is -- it's a combination of a number of factors. It is a combination of the fact that the outdoor categories, particularly outdoor garden, was soft, which is a lower ticket, which helped drive the ticket in the quarter. It's a combination of the fact that we did well in our Cabinet business overall. It's also a factor of we've really been focusing on improving the value proposition across all of our line segments. So categories like our soft-sided tool storage, our paint program, we're doing well in products that are in the upper middle to upper end of our line structure and that's certainly having a benefit as well. And certainly, we had a benefit from the rise in copper.
Francis Blake: It shouldn't take us a very long. We will easily have that done by the end of the year, if not sooner.
Francis Blake: That's an interesting question, David. And actually, what you'd see, which isn't a huge surprise, is even though people may be indoors ordering online, if the weather is horrible outdoors, they're still not ordering a patio set. So interestingly, I mean, when you could have had a theory that said, "online would be sustaining even in bad weather," it really doesn't happen so much.
