Francis Blake: I’m not sure there’s anything directly that we can see that’s going to tell us how long it lasts. What I would say is that so far, what we’re seeing is consistent with, if not slightly better, than what we discussed with everyone back in our June investor conference, where we laid out here’s how we see our market recovering, that there will be a workout stage for a couple of years, before we hit the strong recovery stage. And I’d say what we’ve seen so far is consistent with that, if not slightly positive.
Francis Blake: The way we look at it, it’s coming from a number of factors. It’s hard to pinpoint just one. And we hopefully gave a helpful roadmap back in June, but there’s additional household formation, there’s additional housing price appreciation, existing housing turnover is improving. Then credit availability, I’d actually say, is still a bit of a brake on the recovery. But we see a lot of positive signs there.
Francis Blake: The first thing I would say is our business model actually reflects adding hours as the sales increase, as it is. Marvin’s here, and he’ll comment on 60-40, but the second thing I’d say within 60-40 is our intention is when we get there - and obviously we’re very, very close - there’s an enormous amount of effort that will then go into optimizing our productivity within each of those groups of customer-facing and tasking. But Marvin, perhaps you want to comment. 
Francis Blake: Overall, our activity was comparable with what we had last year, and really the big drivers are what Carol called out in terms of the pressure we saw from mix, in part due to Hurricane Sandy with things like generators and plywood that run significantly below the company average.
Francis Blake: I know there’s flooring product in our [swing] area in certain stores. We do different buys at times on product that can vary by location in the country. But there’s no move right now in total to bring flooring forward.
Francis Blake: And there were extras, like the extra time before Christmas. There were other factors that we think contributed to a very strong December. But as Carol said, we were very pleased with January, because as we were laying it out, we thought it would be negative.
Francis Blake: We’re a ways from having that have an impact on our comp. We view it as really foundational in terms of convenience for our customers, and our focus has been just making sure that we execute this well online and in the stores. And as I said, are really pleased. We track our customer service survey scores on this very closely, and they’ve improved substantially over time. But it’s not a near-term contributor to our comp. 
Francis Blake: Buy online, pick up in store is in every store. Buy online, ship to store is in the process of being rolled out, and will be completely rolled out by the end of the quarter.
Francis Blake: Our private label card is doing well, and Carol can comment on the increased penetration we’re seeing in the card. We can help with our private label card, as you suggest, but this is more broadly in terms of how customers with their homes, the access they have, either when they’re buying a house or if they’re trying to get a line of credit from the house.  And that is quite constrained versus prior times. The average FICO scores for people applying for mortgages now is well over 700, and I think at least for us, as we talk to financial institutions, there’s still a great deal of pressure on just the mortgage lending side of the business. 
Francis Blake: Again, in June we tried to set out what we thought were some of the parameters for the work-out phase and then the full recovery. And some of the determinants of full recovery would be an increase in household formation. So we’re talking about 1.2 million households formed. That would be a driver that you’d see. An increase in housing turnover significant above where it is now. Again, housing turnover is better, but a further increase. And then as we get through to that strong recovery, credit availability becomes a key determinant, and an easing up of credit, and in that scenario we’d see our business performing in the 2-plus basis points over GDP. 
Francis Blake: Well, the generator activity was really tied to Sandy. The pro, for us, does have a bigger ticket, but I’d say the call out really was more around generators and appliances for us in the quarter.
Francis Blake: The hardest-hit markets, so if you think about Florida and California, have been performing well for us. Slightly above to slightly below the company comp average, Florida performing slightly better, the West Coast slightly worse. We’re starting to see recovery in Arizona, which has been very steady over time, which is very encouraging. And as Carol made the comment a few calls ago, we’re not seeing the enormous variation among all of our markets that we saw during the really tough times in the housing market. We’re now getting more bunched performance on the positive side. 
Carol Tome: And maybe I’ll just give you one data point to make this real. We have a directionally correct, but imperfect, model, I would say. But if we look at just housing turnover, and you look at the number of units that turned in 2012, about 400,000 units, you apply an average spend against those units of about $3,500, apply our market share against that, and then we triangulate what it means to our comps, and we think about 50 basis points of our comp growth came from housing turnover. As we look to forecast for 2013, we would expect to get, again, 50 basis points of comp coming from housing turnover.
Carol Tome: The first thing I would say is when we build our forecasts, we do not assume any benefit from commodity or currency. So we are neutral from that perspective. And as we look out for 2013, we do look at GDP as the underlying basis for growth. Then we look at housing metrics to determine what we think could happen to the home improvement market, and that’s the basis for the guidance that we gave for 2013 of 3%. Now, I will say to you, look at our performance in the fourth quarter. We exceeded our expectations. We beat our plan by about 4.5%. We can easily explain 200 basis points of that. About 80 basis points, as Craig said, came from commodity inflation, about 70 basis points came from the impact of Hurricane Sandy, and then about 30 basis points came from appliances. The rest is strength across the core of the business. That could suggest that our view is conservative looking ahead, but we’d rather be conservative and react than [unintelligible].
Carol Tome: Yeah, we’re very pleased with the performance of our business thus far. February is our toughest compare, and we’re quite pleased.
Carol Tome: I think I’ll answer the last part of your question first. And here’s just a really nice, easy rule of thumb. For every 50 basis points of comp growth ahead of our guidance, that would equate to $0.05 of earnings per share. So then you can model it however you want to model it. But that’s an easy way to model it. Now, coming to the expense guidance that we gave before 2013, I’m going to give you a bit of a long-winded answer, but hopefully this will help with your modeling. If you look at the total expenses that we reported for 2012, we exceeded our typical rule of thumb, which is that expenses will grow at 40% of our sales growth rate. Even including China, expenses grew at 30% of our sales growth rate. So it was a terrific year from an expense perspective. A few reasons for that. One, at our investor conference back in June, we identified some cost-out opportunities in casualty reserves and other expense items that we actually enjoyed in 2012. So our cost-out teams were doing a great job of just continuing to optimize our productivity, and so we recognized some pull-forward benefit, if you will. We also, on a year over year basis, had some expenses in 2011 that didn’t repeat in 2012. Those expenses would include natural disaster expense. We had about $40 million in 2011 that didn’t repeat in 2012. We had a write off of [chem draw] you may recall, $35 million. That occurred in 2011, didn’t occur in 2012. So there’s some year over year comparisons. The way I’d like you to think about 2013 is simply this. If you take our expense base of a little over $18 billion for 2012, back out the costs associated with China, which is $135 million, back out the expenses associated with the extra week, which we estimate to be $260 million, that gives you a new cost base of call it $17.7 billion. I want you then to add to that expenses associated with some of the acquisitions that we made. That’s between $85 million and $100 million. And then growth. We are going to grow our expenses. Now, they’ll grow slower than our sales growth, but they will grow. So when you add it back up, you walk back up to a cost base in a dollar perspective about the same as it was in 2012, and then the rate of growth is 40% of sales on a 52-week basis. Long-winded answer, I know, but hopefully that’s helpful.
Carol Tome: Well, I’ll start by telling you that we planned to have a negative comp in January. So when we look at the positive comp performance, we were thrilled with the results. Candidly, I didn’t go back and calculate the day movement from one month to another month. We were just so thrilled with the results. Now, from a holiday perspective, Craig, it was a terrific holiday.
Carol Tome: We were very pleased with the performance in the fourth quarter. We were $63 million over our expense plan, but the really great news is that’s related to success sharing and bonus for our team. So as Frank mentioned, we had our highest payout of success sharing ever for the back half, over $100 million going to the associates in our stores. So we’re very excited about that.
Carol Tome: Yes, think about the shape every year like a bell curve. So the first and fourth quarter will be the lowest-comping quarters of the year.
Carol Tome: First, on the cash flow, we generated from the business about $7.5 billion in 2012. That was $900 million higher than our plan. And if you look at the big contributor to that - lots that goes in and goes out - but the big contributor is the cash that we received from stock option exercises. If you look at the cash flow statement, I think you’d see a line, something like $700 million, almost $800 million from stock option and our employee stock purchase program with cash.  We didn’t plan on that. And as we look to 2013, we’re not going to plan on that again. If it happens, that’s good news for everybody. But we’re not planning on that. So year on year, we’re forecasting our cash from the business will be about $7.2 billion.  In terms of where we’re investing, think about it broadly. The capital that we’ve targeted for next year of $1.5 billion, 29% of that will go into IT. The rest will go into the business. The IT spend will be flattish year on year, about $430 million. Where the $200 million increase is, year on year, is in key initiatives, and I’ll give you a couple of examples. We’re spending $100 million in our U.S. retail business in support of really value-creating projects like building automation and re-lamping some of our stores, which will have huge IRR. And then were’ investing in our supply chain in support of our interconnected retail business. We need to invest in direct fulfillment, and we are. So our year on year investment in supply chain is up a lot of $60 million. So hopefully that’s helpful.
Carol Tome: Our private label penetration jumped in the fourth quarter 93 basis points. So a little over 23%. We were pleased with that. If we look at what’s happening inside the portfolio, our consumer approval rates just sort of flattened out at 68%. That’s down from a few years ago. It’s really the result of the CARD Act. Thinking it would be helpful to consumers, it’s actually limiting credit. On the pro side, what we’re seeing as the pros come back, some of our lower quality pros are applying and are not being approved. Our approval rates for pros is 68%, but that’s down from a year ago, which was north of 70%. So what we’re doing in that regard is having a third party take a second look. And if they take a second look, there may be ways to get credit to these customers. So we’ll do what we can without taking undue risk in the portfolio.
Carol Tome: A few thoughts, actually. We’ll be visiting with our board on this topic later this week. I would say we wouldn’t do anything until we filed our 10-K. And that’s in the March timeframe. We’d also look at other big issuers who are coming to market, because we don’t want to crowd the market. We’d like excellent execution, obviously.  So you could envision, perhaps, some in the springtime, some in the back end of the year. We do have a little over a billion dollars that comes due in December. That would be an opportune time to refinance that and do something else. So we’ll come out with more specificity once we’ve got it all worked out. 
Carol Tome: First, on the quarter, $242 million gross, $112 million net, year on year comparison. And so if we think about how to think about this for ’13, we use Irene as the basis. Irene, we had $360 million in 2011. For the back half of 2012, we had $312 million. So at least there’s $48 million, we think, of sales that could come our way in 2013. Now, Sandy was bigger than Irene, we understand. But it’s really impossible to project how much more will come our way, just because the nature of the damage was so very different than Irene.
Carol Tome: I think it’s $1.6 billion. So the comp base will be higher in the first quarter than it was last year.
Carol Tome: Here’s an interesting statistic from our consumer insights group. And I think I’m right on this. Our average pro spends a little over $6,000 with us. They shop 60 times a year. So that gives you an idea that they’re shopping frequently. Not such big ticket, but frequently.
Carol Tome: Let me answer the last part of your question first. We are committed to the A rating. We think it provides us the financial flexibility that puts us in a good place, and we’re staying there. In terms of your first question, we’ve got $4 billion of capacity today. We don’t see any need for our adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio to fall. So as we are contemplating raising incremental financing, if we do it this year, we would do no more than $4 million. 
Carol Tome: Our actions are all under our capital allocation umbrella and the principles that we laid out and reiterated in our press release today. So we have a $17 billion authorization, which we plan to complete by 2015. We will purchase $4.5 billion this year with excess cash, and if we raise additional debt capital, we will buy additional shares. But it wouldn’t increase the authorization, that in would just be within that existing authorization.
Craig Menear: We do believe that based on independent tracking we picked up a little share in the appliance business. As you know, we went out and we actually expanded our assortment breadth in this category and we took 120 stores that we completed in the quarter with an expanded offering on the selling floor. And we’re actually very pleased with the results that we’ve gotten from the additional brands that we’ve added to our assortment, as well as those 120 stores. And as a matter of fact, in 2013 we’ll look to add about another 120 stores to that expanded program in store.
Craig Menear: Yeah, we had awesome performance in several areas in December that we went hard after, holiday décor being one of those. Our gift centers had strong double digit comp performance. The holiday was actually a double digit comp on a double digit comp from the year before. So it’s a business that we’re building, and it provided some real strength in December.
Craig Menear: Again, we’re looking at how do we continue to drive productivity within our assortments. As Carol mentioned, we’re investing in enhanced tools for our merchants to be able to, in fact, develop our assortment of strategies inside of line structures, as well as clusters across the country, so that we can make sure that we give Marvin and the stores the kind of assortments they need in the appropriate areas. And we have plenty of opportunity to continue to work on that.
Craig Menear: We’re really pleased with the strength across the store. Fourteen or 15 departments had positive comps, seven of our departments ran above the company average. So we start with the fact that we’ve been working hard to develop that strength across the store. I would say that the categories like flooring, like organization, garage organization, we’ve begun to see some real strength in those businesses. So those have been an improvement during 2012. So that’s encouraging to see. But it’s pretty widespread right now, across the core of our store, which is really what we’ve been focused on.
Craig Menear: Our supply chain capabilities to make sure we’re in a position to be able to react for those businesses as well. And then we’re continuing to focus on technologies that the customer sees as real advantages. The growth in LED, the growth in lithium technology, the growth in water savings or time-saving products for our consumers and our pros is really… We’ve shared that in the past, and that remains our key focus as we move forward.
