Craig Menear: Chris, the first comment would be we see no correlation in the business as it relates to COVID cases. Our performance overall was actually really tight geography-wise, and we saw broad strength across the store. As Ted mentioned, we had an extended season because of the weather in garden, but we were extremely pleased with the performance outside of our outdoor categories, so we feel good about that. We’ve seen the pro continue to recover and the large pro recover.
Craig Menear: If I could just take a minute, Chris, on what we’ve accomplished, while we did push a bit into 2021, we’re just thrilled that we are finishing the investment in our new look and feel of the store. Our sign packages will be done in all U.S. stores this year - I think that is probably the first time the brand standard across all the United States stores has been the same, maybe since our first two stores opened in 1979. We have completed all of our self checkout refreshes, we’ve added storage to most of our stores for online pick-up, we’ve implemented electronic sign labels in all our appliance departments, completely refreshed our color wall experience in our paint department, we’ve completed the tool corral by brand standards in those leading brands in our tool business, and we’ve also taken that to our outdoor power equipment and we’ll be done early next year resetting all our outdoor power equipment, again by those battery platforms that are leading brands in the industry. We’ve completed a ton of work despite some of the setbacks with COVID this year. The team just did a terrific job getting all that work done.
Craig Menear: First of all, the inventory planning for The Home Depot is on a very short cycle. We plan really week to week. We release orders every single day, and 70% of what we purchase is domestic goods and comes from short lead time-type performance, so we’ll manage that on a day by day, week by week basis based on what we see in demand, and really we’re not looking to extrapolate anything at this point from current performance. Our whole focus is on being able to be flexible and agile and adjust accordingly.
Craig Menear: Look, the only thing I can tell you at this point is when we talk to our customers and we do work on surveys, the customer tells us that the home has never been more important, maintenance in the home is going up as people spend way more time in their home, and they tell us there’s a significant percentage of folks that say they are going to do a project within the next six months, so everything that we see at this point in terms of customer feedback would suggest they’re going to continue to invest in their homes. 
Craig Menear: We’re really excited about what the combination of these two MRO businesses will bring to our customer. We think we’ve got the opportunity to create significant shareholder value creation through that combination. We’re not going to talk about the degree of accretion, but we’re confident that we’ll see earnings per share accretion in 2021.
Craig Menear: Simeon, you’re right - the pro has been coming back. We see double-digit comps in pro, we did last quarter as well. Small pro is leading the large pro. We’ve seen that large pro really strengthen in the larger metro markets, and our services business, if you look at that as a benchmark to pro business, we have one of the larger backlogs of to-be-installed sales jobs that we’ve ever seen, and as you’d imagine, a lot of this is special order goods, so getting the bespoke special order made and shipped to the particular job and then getting the labor to install that job continues to be a bit of a pressure, and more so in certain markets, leading to that large backlog. But if what we’re seeing our services business translates to what the larger pros are also seeing, that would be a sizeable backlog. 
Craig Menear: I think what we saw in the Halloween business probably is more correlated to what we’ve historically seen in storm markets. When you have a hurricane hit, our thinking years ago was that, oh jeez, we needed to pull back on all that product because that wouldn’t be where the customer focus was, and we needed the space for rebuild type product. What our customers told us was no, actually we’re looking for some kind of normalcy and we actually want to buy that product from you, and I think that’s exactly what we anticipated and are seeing through the holiday programs, as Halloween was the strongest event we’ve ever had. We had anticipated in the beginning of the year--because that’s a long cycle product that you purchase well in advance, we had anticipated that the customer would want to engage in holiday, and purchased accordingly. 
Craig Menear: Yes, that’s what I mean. We bought into the whole holiday décor for the entire season - you know, Halloween all the way through Christmas, because we anticipated the customers were going to want some kind of normalcy in their life.
Craig Menear: I think it’s all of the above, Zach. We’ve learned how to better operate. We ended up turning control of constraints in stores over to our store managers who are closest to the situation on the ground versus a company-wide approach. We did that at roughly the beginning of the quarter. We improved our in-stock position, as Ted indicated. We saw overall improvement with our pro customers, and our smaller pros have been steady, our larger pros improved, yet there’s still opportunity for them, and we saw our services business improve overall. I think there’s a number of factors that led to this performance in the quarter, so we’re pleased with the trends that we’re seeing in the business right now. 
Craig Menear: Look, I’d say a couple things. First of all, over a period of time, the HD Supply business came down to essentially the MRO maintenance facility business that it is today, that we just put the offer in on, and so it strategically lines up with what we’re trying to get accomplished in the MRO business much more so than it did a few years ago. From a timing standpoint, that’s the logic there. We look forward as we close this deal, hopefully during our fiscal year end here, then we’ll determine the go-forward approach and how we allocate and prioritize, but we’ve got to get this deal closed first.
Craig Menear: Steve, we believe that our associates are a competitive advantage to The Home Depot and they’re critical to the overall customer experience. This investment is essential in wage, and as we do everything as it relates to our associates, that’s done on a market-by-market basis overall. But yes, you can think of it as largely--it’s wage.
Richard McPhail: With respect to the investment outlook, as we’ve said in the past, we have deferred certain investments that principally relate to investments made inside the store. A large number of those investments remain deferred. We started the year with a capex plan of approximately $2.8 billion. We have deferred less than half a billion dollars, so while I won’t give you an exact number, I would say we will see deferral of, call it $300 million to $400 million from our original plans in 2020. Some of that may push into 2021, and we’ll update you as time goes on; but I would say that overall, 2021 is going to be very similar to 2020 in terms of capex.
Richard McPhail: They’ll be flat to down in ’21, those specific expense dollars with respect to the investment program that continued alongside the deferred spending in ’20. 
Richard McPhail: Well, I’d say a lot is dynamic, but many things stay the same. I think we have executed exceptionally well in terms of expense management throughout the year, and I think you can expect that from us in the future.  I think one thing I will just make sure that we clarify is how the shape of our investments to support our associates goes from 2020 into 2021. As we said, our expenses through the first three quarters of the year in support of our associates totaled approximately $1.7 billion. We are transitioning the nature of those investments into permanent wage investments during the fourth quarter, so if you think about the fourth quarter, we’re not going to quite be down to that billion dollar annualized run rate as some of these programs leak into the beginning of the fourth quarter. We will be lower than the third quarter run rate, but add it to $1.7 billion and say that 2020 will likely end at a total of $2 billion of investments in our associates. Of that $2 billion, only $1 billion will remain in our cost base in 2021, so I think that’s the most important fact with respect to our cost base. I’d like to make sure we clarify that.
Richard McPhail: In my earlier comments, I said we’re really pleased with the current level of consumer sentiment and consumption in the economy. I’m not going to make a prediction on where those macroeconomic levers go in the future. 
Richard McPhail: I think it’s a positive housing environment. We’re not extrapolating that into expectations for sales, principally because of the uncertainty in the macro environment. We are optimistic and current conditions are certainly favorable for home improvement, but there is uncertainty. We’ll learn a lot in the fourth quarter. 
Richard McPhail: Well, at the beginning of the year, we said that impacts from our initiatives weren’t really going to be seen until the year 2021. It takes time to roll these out. We did anticipate at the beginning of the year that we would see pressure on a year-over-year basis. The results through the third quarter have been essentially consistent with our original expectations.
Richard McPhail: We won’t speak on HD Supply’s financial information. The transaction hasn’t completed yet. We’ll refer you back to theirs. But as Craig said, call ours roughly $2 billion.
Richard McPhail: It’s all of our frontline associates, essentially, whether they’re full time, part time, doesn’t matter. 
Ted Decker: And as it relates to the HD Supply asset base in total, obviously we’ll take a look at that and we’ll evaluate the combined asset base once this gets approval, and we’ll move forward with what we think the best leverage point is to serve our customers and grow in the MRO space, which is a $55 billion fragmented market that we’re pretty excited about.
Ted Decker: Nothing in particular, Scot. By far the big driver was the lumber penetration, the lumber mix, as strong as that business was. 
Ted Decker: I think at this point with the level of uncertainty in the environment and the dynamics in the business today, we wouldn’t give any forward expectations with respect to margins. We’re running a very healthy business. We run it on a portfolio basis. You bring up channel mix - we run this as a portfolio and have for many, many years, and you’ve seen the stability in our gross margin reflects that. Remember that over 60% of sales that are purchased on our digital assets are picked up in the store and have an identical mix in essence to our store mix, so that’s where we stand. We’re very comfortable with the mix of business we see.
Ted Decker: And Michael, the only other comment I’d add to that is everything that we’ve been doing through our investment program is to try to position The Home Depot to grow faster than the market on a consistent basis no matter what the operating environment is, and to deliver incremental op margin dollars as a result. That’s our focus. That’s what we’re trying to get done.
Ted Decker: And at the same time, there’s a lot of uncertainty in the environment. There are macroeconomic fundamentals that we’re all going to be subject to, so I think if you think about it on a comparative basis, as Craig said, home improvement is a great space to be in at the moment, and as customers--you know, it’s interesting. You look at the housing dynamics and you say when customers see their home price appreciate, they tend to invest more in their homes. Again, regarding our comments, because of the uncertainty in the macro environment, and so at this point we really can’t comment on ’21 but we do think there’s a lot of confidence with respect to home improvement in our customers’ minds.
Ted Decker: On inventory, Karen, it would be hard to gauge some of the lost sales opportunity. That would have likely been more of a Q2 impact for us because we did go in with a little more conservative approach when the pandemic hit. As you know, we limited customer hours, limited customer counts, and we also pulled back on inventory. Since that time, though, between the merchandising team and the supply chain team and the sourcing teams and transportation team, they really have just done an incredible effort flowing product into the store.  As I said in my prepared remarks, we improved in-stock levels every week of the quarter. Our inventory grew over $400 million from the prior year, and that was our first year-over-year increase that we have seen this year. In pure volumes, if you look at our accounts payable, that gives you an indication of how much goods we have flowed into the buildings - it’s over $3 billion from our low point, so the in-stocks still are not exactly where we’d like them to be, but incredible improvement.  The work the merchants have done, even though the in-stocks still have some ways to go, by working on the right SKUs with our supplier partners, updating plan-o-grams and the like, we believe we have the product and the type of items in the store that our customers are looking for. As it relates to online trends, you’re absolutely right - our online business, we couldn’t be happier with the performance of our digital assets, and remember we are an interconnected business, so with everything I’m about to say, remember that over 60%-odd of our goods are picked up in our store. Nonetheless, our interconnected business grew by 80%, the penetration was 13% to the business, the sales--you know, that translates to nearly $2 billion of sales growth in the quarter for our online business. Our visits are up dramatically - we’re up in mobile, desktop, mobile web. Our conversion is up despite hyper growth in app and mobile web, that tend to have lower conversion rates than desktop. Our app downloads are way up, our active app users are way up, our orders are up. My Account - these are folks who are setting up an account with Home Depot, so obviously we know them better when they set up an account or weigh up.  Millennials are highly engaged with The Home Depot. You asked customer profile - our pros are highly engaged, our B2B website is seeing record volumes and engagement with our pro customer. I’ll stop there, but it is a robust interconnected digital environment right now at The Home Depot.
Ted Decker: Kate, what we’re excited about is if you--you know, these are rough numbers. If you think about $130 million occupied households in the United States, about 80 million of that is kind of owned households, single family. There’s 50 million that is rental, and of the 50, about 30 million give or take is in the multi-family operations type business. That is a huge opportunity for The Home Depot to continue to grow not only on the MRO side but as we build relationships with customers on the MRO side, we build relationships to be able to participate in capital refreshes of those facilities as well, which is something that we’re pretty focused on. We’re super excited about the opportunity that comes with this MRO space.
Ted Decker: Yes, so generally it’s been shifting a little bit this year given the extended garden season and as engaged as customers have been. But we usually think of Q4 of low 21%-ish penetration of what we would deem outdoor business, and that very much is the low point with Q2 traditionally being the high point - think of mid-30s, so that’s sort of the range of changes in the business.
Ted Decker: The only thing, Simeon, that I would say is I think the last number I saw is somewhere in the 2.7 months of supply in housing, and the historical average on that is six months, so you’d have to believe that’s going to continue to hold up home values. I think home value improvements have been the surprise this year
Ted Decker: The holiday set has been set now for Christmas for several weeks in the store now, and as I said, we’re very pleased with the early engagement in sales in the program.
Ted Decker: We think it’s about a $55 billion market that we plan with a combination of our current MRO business and what will be added with HD Supply.
