Richard McPhail: Thank you, Jeff and good morning everyone. In the first quarter, total sales were $38.9 billion, an increase of $1.4 billion or 3.8% from last year. During the first quarter, our total company comps were positive 2.2%, with positive comps of 12.9% in February, essentially flat in March and negative 2% in April. Comps in the U.S. were positive 1.7% for the quarter, with positive comps of 12.5% in February, negative 0.3% in March and negative 2.9% in April. Recall that March reflects the anniversarying of stimulus and April was impacted by a delayed spring this year. Our results this quarter were once again driven by continued strength across the business. Spring temperatures broke late in all our geographies, but in particular impacted some of our northern regions. In local currency, both Mexico and Canada posted comps above the company average. In the first quarter, our gross margin was 33.8%, a decrease of approximately 20 basis points from last year, primarily driven by supply chain investments and pressure from lumber. We continue to successfully offset significant transportation and product cost pressures while maintaining our position as the customers’ advocate for value. During the first quarter, operating expense as a percent of sales remained essentially flat to last year at approximately 18.6%. We were pleased with our operating expense performance during the first quarter, which reflected planned increases in wage and planned rollout of investments designed to drive efficiency in our store environment. Our operating margin for the first quarter was 15.2% compared to 15.4% in the first quarter of 2021. Interest and other expense for the first quarter increased by $36 million to $369 million due primarily to higher long-term debt levels than 1 year ago. Our effective tax rate was 23.9% in the first quarter of both fiscal 2022 and 2021. Our diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $4.09, an increase of 6% compared to the first quarter of 2021. Our total store count at the end of the quarter was 2,316 and selling square footage was 240 million square feet. Unfortunately, during the quarter, we lost a store in San Jose, California due to a fire. Thankfully, no one was injured and all of our associates have been reassigned to other nearby stores and the team has done a fantastic job continuing to serve our customers in the area. At the end of the quarter, inventories were $25.3 billion, up $6.1 billion compared to the first quarter of 2021 and inventory turns were 4.4x, down from 5.5x last year. This level of inventory reflects outsized demand for home improvement projects, actions taken to improve in-stocks and the impact of the delayed start to spring. While our in-stock position is not back to pre-pandemic levels, it is the healthiest it has been since the pandemic began. Turning to capital allocation, after investing in our business and paying our dividend, it is our intent to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. As we have mentioned on previous calls, we plan to continue investing in our business with CapEx of approximately 2% of sales on an annual basis. We also plan to maintain flexibility to move faster or slower depending on the environment. During the first quarter, we invested approximately $700 million back into our business in the form of capital expenditures. And during the quarter, we paid approximately $2 billion in dividends to our shareholders and we returned approximately $2.25 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Computed on the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the trailing 12 months, return on invested capital was approximately 45.3%, up from 45.1% in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Now I will comment on our updated guidance for fiscal 2022. As you heard from Ted, we are very pleased with the strong performance we saw during the first quarter, which surpassed our expectations. Today, we are raising guidance for 2022. We now expect sales growth and comp sales growth of approximately 3% for fiscal 2022. We expect comps to be stronger in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. We expect our fiscal 2022 operating margin to be approximately 15.4% for the year, and we expect mid single-digit percentage growth in diluted earnings per share compared to fiscal 2021. While a number of uncertainties remain, we feel confident that we will be able to continue to manage through a dynamic environment while growing faster than our market and delivering exceptional shareholder value. Thank you for your participation in today’s call. And Christine, we are now ready for questions.
Richard McPhail: Sure. So just first to start with who our customer is, you need to keep in mind our customers are homeowners. Virtually all sales to our Pro customers are on behalf of a homeowner, and over 90% of our DIY customers are homeowners as well. So let’s talk about home improvement demand and what drives it. Over our history, we’ve seen that home price appreciation is the primary driver of home improvement demand. When your home appreciates in value, you view it as a smart investment and you spend more on it. So let’s look at what’s happened at home prices. We’ve seen appreciation of over 30% over the last 2 years. In fact, home equity values over the last 2 years have increased by 40% or over $7 billion just in the last 2 years. So the homeowner has never had a balance sheet that looks like this. They’ve seen the price appreciation, and they have the means to spend. And in surveys, our customers tell us that their homes have never been more important, and their intent to do projects of all sizes has never been higher. And our Pros say the same thing about their backlogs. So let’s talk about interest rates. I think it’s important to remember that our addressable market is the 130 million housing units occupied in the U.S. plus probably, call it, 40 million to 50 million more in Canada and Mexico. Of those 130 million housing units, on any given year, only about 4% or 5% are sold. That means that over 95% of our customers are staying in place. They’re not shopping for a mortgage. Nearly 40% of those homes are owned outright. Of those who have mortgages, about 93% of those mortgages are fixed rate. So when you think about our addressable market, the vast majority aren’t really paying attention to mortgage rates. And what we’ve – what’s interesting about that is what we’ve heard, when they do look at moving, they’re actually more and more tempted to stay in their low fixed rate mortgage and remodel their home instead. So these low locked-in mortgages are probably a benefit to an improvement.
Richard McPhail: So Michael, first, we operate an activity-based model with respect to payroll, which is our largest operating cost. And so that naturally decreases as volume decreases. More importantly, we operate with a degree of financial flexibility in our P&L, and that financial flexibility allows us to manage as we think is appropriate in any given environment. So we have room to manage, and we’re confident that we can take share in any environment and manage this P&L wisely per the environment. With respect to any old benchmarks we may have given, we’re beyond that. We have financial flexibility in our model. And again, we would flex to sort of meet the circumstances we would see them.
Richard McPhail: Well, I think you can just start with some survey results. These are public and these are published by the National Association of Homebuilders. This is a survey that goes back to 2001. And the survey, if you bear with me, just sort of says, are conditions – are you optimistic or pessimistic, 50 being kind of the medium mark here. So for the 20 years up to 2020, that optimism index never got above a 58. Today, it stands at an 86. So that is the sentiment of the remodeler. With respect to backlog that is also surveyed, that number over the past 20 years never got above a 64. Today, it stands at an 84. Both of those sentiment numbers are all-time highs.
Richard McPhail: Well – but let’s just sort of reflect on something. So last Q1, as a company, we reported a 31% comp. Canada was higher than that. So we had a tougher comp in Canada. And this quarter, our comp in Canada was higher than company average.
Richard McPhail: Well, I think we’re in a unique position now in recent housing history where we have built a chronic shortage of housing units in the U.S. consistently and steadily for the last 10 years. Some economists assume that, that shortage is a little less than 2 million. You hear numbers as high as 4 million. If you take other estimates of what will likely be built, we’re looking at at least 5 years, if not 7 or 8 years, before we could actually get back to a point of equilibrium. So we believe that supply and demand are going to be the main drivers of support for home price appreciation, and we know that, that chronic undersupply is going to be a condition for quite some time.
Richard McPhail: Generally speaking, we are excited about what we are building out in terms of capability and our ability to go after the repair and remodeler planned purchase occasions that we haven’t necessarily been able to in the past. But when you start thinking about contribution to results, we are building an ecosystem here for the Pro. It’s not just about fulfillment and delivery. It’s about an online experience that we think is second to none that’s seen incredible traction over the very short-term. We have a relationship with our Pros in the store that we think is second to none. And Hector, I will turn it to you for a second with some detail. But again, with respect to results, we are quite pleased that we grew by $40 billion over the last 2 years. We were really pleased that we were able to comp the comp and enter into a second quarter so far with two strong weeks. And I think over the coming years, you are going to see every element of our model add up to our ability to take market share in any environment. But Hector, maybe you will talk a little bit about the Pro.
Richard McPhail: I think, just to the TAM point, we talk about the 130 million households in the U.S., about 30 million of those households actually occupy multifamily dwellings. And so that HD Supply acquisition opened up that TAM for us and is a unique attribute of The Home Depot.
Richard McPhail: Sure. So, for the year, we believe that gross margin, if you just sort of stay mix-neutral, gross margin will see slight pressure from the investments we are making in One Supply Chain. Those have been planned all year, and we have expected that for a while. With respect to operating expense leverage, as we have taken our sales guidance up, we have also raised our operating margin guidance. That reflects the operating expense leverage we expect to generate on those incremental sales. With respect to ticket and transaction, we assume that comps in the back half are positive. If inflation persists for the year, persist at current levels, we expect ticket could be in the range of 10% to 12% for the year, offset by transactions to net out to a three comp for the year.
Richard McPhail: So, first of all, we are – we took steps, as Ted had said earlier in the call, to invest in improving our in-stock position. And while we are not – we are quite where we were pre-pandemic, we are the healthiest we have been in the last few years. So, if you think about sort of that pull-forward of inventory, making sure that we landed inventory early because in this business, customer service starts with being in-stock. And you also consider the impact of a late spring. That really makes up about half of the increase in inventory, and the other half is simply the impact of inflation. So, as we think about this through the year, obviously, we are – as spring kicks in, we will see that inventory begin to reflect the seasonality. And we work hard. Our merchants and our supply chain team and our vendor partners work hard to make sure that we have an advantaged position.
Richard McPhail: Well, we really just have to look at the health of our customer today, which is strong. And we also have to listen to our customers, those same surveys where the Pro survey, there is also one with respect to consumer intent to do projects. Homeowner intent to do projects of small, medium and large sizes has never been higher than right now.
Richard McPhail: Well, with respect to capital allocation, we generated strong free cash flow and so have returned significant capital to shareholders over the last decade-plus. With respect to CapEx and investment in the business, we take a long-term view. We are always going to invest ahead of the customer. We are always looking years ahead to make sure that we build the best customer experience in home improvement. And so that would likely be our stance. But we always have to take circumstances into consideration, and we do that in any event.
Richard McPhail: It’s early. What I would say is we do expect Q2 to be the highest-comp quarter of the year. And expect the first half to be higher than the second half, but we do expect positive comps through the year.
Ted Decker: Well, yes, our Canadian business. I’m not as up to speed, Simeon, on the Canadian stats that Richard just went through for the U.S. But our Canadian business is in terrific shape. I mean, remember, they had much more significant lockdowns last year. Ontario, in particular, our stores were closed in the first quarter, and we had curbside pickup only. So the business is very, very strong. I don’t have as much detail on the relationship with home prices.
Ted Decker: Yes. Because February, it’s not spring anywhere and it’s our lowest-volume month. So yes, that’s April-driven. As Richard said in his notes, March was more of a stimulus impact as well as a weaker spring in the south and then as you started to move toward northern markets, particularly cold weather in April and for the quarter, 1%.
Ted Decker: Good morning, Chris, yes, I would – we certainly don’t think it’s going to degrade. I would say posting the results that we posted with a very cold and wet spring certainly exceeded our expectations. And as commented earlier, we haven’t generally raised guidance after the spring because we say bathtub effect and too early into Q2 at the time of this call to make a determination. But the first quarter beat our expectation by such an extent, even with the poor weather, we felt necessary to raise to the 3% for the year. We haven’t taken a specific of a view of Q2. I mean we know at least the 1% is going to flow into Q2. We generally get back all of our spring sales in Q2, even tracking back to the two or three worst early spring since I’ve been at Home Depot. But it is still just so early, and our largest weeks are ahead of us. So we don’t want to get too far over our skis, but we’re certainly not anticipating the degradation of that normal bathtub effect.
Ted Decker: Right. So I’ll start and then Jeff will give a little bit more detail. Yes, as I mentioned earlier, inflation is higher than we had expected to the extent about 2x. The 11-odd percent ticket was the vast majority of that was inflation-driven. It is impacting transactions, but as we said, not to the extent that we would have thought. So that’s all good. We have taken costs this year, and there is more on the table. Transportation, we’ve just finished up our ocean contracts. That’s a global contract cycle that goes into effect in May. So those are in place for the next 12 months. Those are certainly higher on a contract basis from 2021. So we think inflation doesn’t go up necessarily from where we are but that it would hold steady at this, call it, double-digit, low 10%ish in our product categories through the balance of the year. In terms of the impact on transactions, we’re going to have better transaction results in Q2 just given spring. When you think of the number of transactions in our garden business in the spring time, that’s just a tremendous amount of transactions, and we feel very good that we’ll get those in Q2. And then lumber was – it’s been on a bit of a seesaw and was high on average to last year in Q1, and we saw that in negative transactions in lumber. But now we’re down quite a bit, and we’re down about 35% in lumber prices year-over-year. So we expect to pick up in Q2, in particular, in lumber activity. In terms of the balance of the year and how we think about managing through this, I’ll let Jeff provide some more color.
Ted Decker: And Scot, I would add on the MRO piece in the TAM, we couldn’t be happier with the combination of our legacy Interline HD Pro business with Home Depot Supply. So, not only did we combine the number one and two players in that industry, but the Home Depot Supply had additional verticals that our business didn’t participate in. So, we think the TAM in that MRO market essentially doubled to about $100 billion, and we still sit with less than 10% share. The capabilities that we are building, combining those two businesses, we are well on our way of combining sales forces, getting customers oriented to one legacy customer sales force or the other. We are beginning to integrate the supply chains. What we are able to do now in MRO for multifamily housing is incredibly robust. And then new verticals, hospitality in particular, as travel has come back. In the hospitality, occupancy rates are going up. That business is just booming. So, we love our position in MRO in the verticals we are in. And Shane O’Kelly and his team are just doing a great job of that business.
Ted Decker: Well, this is definitely a unique year for sure in our ticket and transaction dynamic. As I stated earlier, we do look for a balance between ticket and transaction. And we usually plan that growth will come from more or less an equal mix of ticket and transaction. With the two fundamental things going on, Karen, one we are – to your point on 2-year and 3-year stacks, we are comping off the $40 billion of sales growth that Richard commented on. And in Q1, at a 31% comp, the highest comp in the longest time at Home Depot. And to comp that, we didn’t plan on, to comp that is a huge positive. Now, the balance isn’t the norm for sure, again, a unique year with this level of inflation, 10%-odd. But the customer’s engagement is much more resilient than we would have thought. That’s why we hit – we knew the inflation going into the year, and we knew the potential impact to transactions. The level of activity in our space, and I have talked about the backlog and the intents, is really helping offset that in the consumers staying more engaged. Now as we lap through these extraordinary comps from the $40 billion of growth and certainly hopefully lap through the inflation, we would get back to the balance that we would certainly prefer.
Ted Decker: Sure. I would start by saying in even our Pro traffic is consumer-driven, right. I mean all projects fundamentally on the home – we certainly have trades in our business, buying product for servicing other spaces than the home, but the vast majority of our activity is supportive of the home. And whether it’s a consumer buying themselves or a Pro, the Pro is buying ultimately for a consumer’s home. So, with that being said, though, yes, Pro is stronger than we would have thought. I mean that’s where the beat came from. Our Pro is incredibly strong. And we are so optimistic of, as Hector outlined, ecosystem we are building. We just continue to gain momentum with that Pro customer and certainly offset more of an as-expected consumer. When you think of spring as a consumer business in terms of garden, we don’t have large penetrations in Pro in our garden business, so that is consumer-driven. And then the stimulus is really impacting the consumer. I mean we all have heard plenty of anecdotes about consumers getting their check last March truly going to buy a new power tool or a new lawnmower. So, that was what was unique about the consumer. In terms of the trend over time, not just the intent that Richard talked about in the ecosystem, that Hector talked about, but what we love with our Pro customer and the confidence we continue to build in what’s happening is when we look at our comps with our Pro customers, we get a stronger progression of comps with the Pro from what we call an unplanned purchase in store, which is still a strong comp, but sequentially going up to higher and higher comps as we get to a planned delivered purchase. So, think of that Pro who is just coming to the store to do cash and carry and an unplanned purchase versus one who we know is staging out a project and getting that project delivered. The sequence of comps of that engagement gets higher and higher and higher with the highest being planned delivered. Also, when you think about the engagement with our loyalty models in our engagement with our sales forces, again, while still positive, our Pros who are not in our loyalty program, buying a cash-and-carry unplanned purchase while positive, that is the lowest comp going all the way through to a Pro who is in the loyalty program, who is purchasing with us on an interconnected basis and is managed by an outside sales contact, those, by far, have the highest comp within the Pro. So, we just love this ecosystem that we are building, the engagement that we are starting to see, the sequential strength of comps as these Pros get more engaged with us. And yes, we think those Pro trends are going to keep powering the business.
Ted Decker: Yes. Just a comment on the promotional activity, we did shift an appliance event into May, driven by the Easter following mid-April. As I commented, thrilled with the performance of our appliance business as we finish the event in May. We – at this point, we don’t focus on promotions at all. Our focus is providing everyday value for our customers. That has been multiple years of progression, and we are thrilled with the value we are providing every single day in terms of being priced right every day, driving great innovation and driving a great experience for our customers.
Ted Decker: And on M&A, we have always maintained an active strategic business development group, and they are always looking in the marketplace for companies really regardless of size, generally on the smaller size, that can add capabilities. So, you have heard us talk about some various data shops we have acquired. Certainly, the larger acquisition of supply helped us into a market space, and that is an ongoing review that we are active looking at capabilities and market spaces that an acquisition can help accelerate our development in that space.
Ted Decker: Chuck, good morning. We are seeing no trade-down in the environment, and we are thrilled with the innovation that we are offering to our customers. Ted commented – as I commented earlier, we are seeing trade-up for innovation. We are seeing a lot of activity around our consumers looking to improve their homes, to adopt new innovations. I talked about the electrified lawnmower business and the opportunity there. That’s just one example of many examples of trade-up. And then on the project business, we are seeing great demand, as we commented earlier on the project business, both for the Pro and for the consumer.
