Ted Decker: Thanks, Isabel, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2022 was another record year for our business, as we achieved $157.4 billion in sales. We added over $6 billion in sales and increased diluted earnings per share 7.5% versus last year to $16.69. Over a three-year period, we have grown sales by over $47 billion and delivered diluted earnings per share growth of over 60%, while investing in the long-term health of our business. Throughout fiscal 2022, we continue to face reduced friction for our customers to improve the shopping experience. As Anne will discuss, we invested in an improved customer and associate experience in our stores by implementing a new store leadership structure. We also drove productivity within the four walls of our store through our Get Stores Right, or GSR space optimization initiative, and we've implemented new tools and technology in stores to reduce complexity for associates and improve customer service. We're also pleased with the traction we are seeing in our interconnected business. We've seen increased app engagement, downloads, conversion, as we've rolled out several enhancements, including an improved online experience for our Pro loyalty program, seamless connectivity for our military program and the launch of our new store mode feature, which makes store navigation and product interaction easier. We are very pleased with the continued progress on our supply chain build-out, as we reached an important milestone earlier this year. All our appliance delivery volume is now managed through our market delivery operations, significantly improving the customer experience. In the near term, we continue to navigate a unique environment. Throughout most of fiscal 2022, we observed a resilient customer, who is less price sensitive than we would have expected in the face of persistent inflation. In the third quarter, we noted some deceleration in certain products and categories, which was more pronounced in the fourth quarter. This along with the negative impact from lumber deflation led to fourth quarter comps that were slightly softer than anticipated. We are closely monitoring our elasticities and trends across the business and believe we have the tools team and experience to manage in any environment. This team has been effectively navigating the unprecedented growth in the last three years and I have full confidence in their ability to execute as we go forward. The investments in our associates, stores, digital platforms, supply chain, technology and other strategic initiatives have strengthened our business and enabled us to grow share and deliver exceptional shareholder value over the long-term. The most important investment we can make is in our people, which is why we are announcing that we are increasing annualized compensation by approximately $1 billion for our frontline hourly associates. We believe this investment will position us favorably in the market allowing us not only to attract the most qualified talent, but also retain the exceptional associate base that is already in place. Today, our Board approved a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend to $2.09 per share which equates to an annual dividend of $8.36 per share. Turning to 2023. We are targeting approximately flat comp sales and a mid single-digit percent decline in diluted earnings per share compared to last year. Richard will take you through the details in a moment. While we expect this to be a year of moderation in demand for home improvement, we believe that the long-term underpinnings of our market remains strong and we are well positioned to leverage our distinct competitive advantages to capitalize on compelling growth opportunities in our space. I could not be more pleased with the resilience and strength that our associates have continued to demonstrate and I want to thank them and our supplier partners for their hard work and dedication serving our customers and communities. Now I'm going to turn it over to Ann-Marie Campbell, Executive Vice President of US Stores and International Operations to share a little more on how we are taking care of our associates and continuing to enhance the customer experience. 
Ted Decker: Well, good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. We'll certainly address that. But before we go into downside, I'd like to set the tone on what we see that's favorable in the business trends. And we feel very good about our business. As we've just referenced, we've grown the business $47 billion over the last three years and grown earnings 60% during that time. Our associates did an amazing job, focusing on the customer in this challenging environment. And there's really no way we would have captured that much share, had we not been making the investments over the past few years. We also still see a healthy customer. I mean, we have good jobs, job growth, growing wages, still strong balance sheets. And most of our customers tend to own their home which has seen a significant increase in value. But as we've said, we do see a unique environment with many cross currents right now. Obviously, there's heightened inflation and rising interest rates, a tight labor market and moderating equity and housing markets. So, given all that, we do expect moderation in home improvement demand. Pro backlogs are still healthy, Michael, although they are off their peak from last year. And customers are still spending time at home. Homes are aging and worth about 40% more than they were before the start of the pandemic. But people are also starting to shift spend more towards services. And as we've said, we see some more price sensitivity. So, given all that, we've set the stage for a moderating year in 2023 and Richard will take you through some of the downside cases that you alluded to.
Ted Decker: And Michael, Jeff can give some further detail. But the price sensitivity is – while it's a bit broader in Q4 than we saw in Q3, it's still primarily those larger single ticket more discretionary items that we've referenced before appliances grills patio, but still being a project-oriented business and with the Pro backlog, again, albeit down still strong. We're still seeing strong project business, but there is a bit more overall sensitivity as we saw more one-for-one offset with ticket and transaction in Q4.
Ted Decker: Sure, Scot. I think, the last two years, we've had the same guidance that we're having this year, and that is that, whatever inflation is represented in our average unit retail in ticket, would be offset by transactions. So we started the year thinking about a balance of ticket and transaction, and that higher ticket driven by inflation would be offset with transactions. The outperformance of the prior two years was that we didn't see that much sensitivity. The consumer, our customer was much more resilient sort of purchase through that elasticity curve if you will. What we are seeing now is some more sensitivity and we had almost an exact one-for-one offset in Q4. That's what we're expecting for 2023, that there is still inflation. I mean, we are still in an inflationary environment, as we saw from CPI and PPI results last week. Although, it is abating and its abating more I would say in our industry, our costs on the table are much lower than they had been. Our wraparounds some price moves going into 2023 will be much lower than they had been in the prior two years. And so, while we're still expecting an offset in transactions, because the ticket won't be as high the negative transactions won't be as low, but still net to that flat guidance for 2023.
Ted Decker: Yeah, big ticket would be the ones that I called out before, that have continued with softness. In the geographies, while we had a little more variability of our comp range. There's no particular geography that you call out other than weather-impacted ones that would show anything off the mean for us.
Ted Decker: And Simeon I would say this -- as we said this is a unique period and hard to gauge on the shortest horizon. But we are just so incredibly bullish on the longer horizon for this industry. Just all the dynamics that we know about, starting with the fundamental shortage of housing, I mean we're still whether it's one million, two million, three million units short in with household formation and population growth and aging housing stock, all the things that we talk about. I mean that is all very much in place. And as the market works its way through PCE reversion or not or level of that and inflation mortgage rates that will all settle and what you're left with is still a market that is underserved in housing units built. And over half the homes are over 40 years old. And as Richard said, they remain in place with owning the home in low mortgage rates. People are going to want to make more significant improvements on those homes. So -- remaining just couldn't be more bullish on the longer term view of this industry.
Ted Decker: I don't know if we saw a rate of change Chris. The highlight remains the high spend Pro. I mean, that's still the strongest piece of the business. But I wouldn't say there was a rate of change much beyond that.
Ted Decker: Sure. Yes, Steven and Ann will take you through some of the detail on the rates. But just to talk about this investment, we feel just great about doing this for our associates. Customer service at The Home Depot starts with our associates and we believe this investment is consistent with our values and is going to position us favorably in the market. We've been operating successfully in a pressured labor market. We all know labor has been tighter and rates have been higher. But just last year we were able to hire 200,000 associates. But we believe this move is going to protect our customer experience for the near medium and long-term. We'll be able to track the most qualified candidates and retain the exceptional associate base that we already have. So we not only increased our starting wages again, Ann will go into some detail but we increased wages for every single frontline associate. And there's a term in retail you get compression when you raise the starting rates with tenured associates. We addressed compression in a meaningful way in this $1 billion investment. So our tenured associates saw real wage increases with this move. And we hope to improve retention through this. That's why we call it an investment, and it's going to improve the customer experience through a more effective associate who's just in the building longer, understands our procedures and is much more effective engaging with the customer and selling. And we harken back to our values wheel of investing in our associates and what our founders said that, if we take care of our associates, they take care of the customer and everything takes care of itself. And that's what this investment is all about. But Ann, you can give some more detail, please. 
Ted Decker: And Steven, while we don't disclose average wages and we've always and will continue to be competitive on a market-by-market level, and we've been competitive, it's why we're able to hire the 200,000 people last year, but after this change our starting rate in any one market, there'll be no market under $15 for a starting rate. And starting rates go much higher than that depending on the market. And then the average wage, again, particularly with the investment in every associate, including tenured with addressing compression, we have an average wage that is well, well above the $15.
Ted Decker: Well, as we've said, we're thrilled with the share, we captured and the sales we drove. And while we don't love the moderation, you can't fight the tide, if you will with PCE spend going back to services, people traveling and whatnot. But the two main things, that we're going to stay focused on, to take share, one, I say the consumer, the consumer rights to check for all projects, even if the Pro is doing the work. But for the consumer, we are laser-focused on delivering the best interconnected frictionless, shopping experience. I mean, retail as we know, is all about interconnection, physical world in the digital world. And we are laser-focused. Matt Carey and his team is focused on taking out all friction in that. And as we continue to delight customers, with that frictionless experience, we'll look to gain more share. And then, we haven't talked much about the Pro in this call, but we are still 100% focused on building out all the capabilities that Pro ecosystem, that is going to allow us to capture more share of wallet with the Pro and move up to larger plan purchases. And extremely pleased with the results, we're seeing as we continue to put those capabilities, in the marketplace. So that's what we're going to do to keep taking share regardless of the environment, or the duration of the environment. 
Jeff Kinnaird: Thank you, Ann, and good morning everyone. I want to start by also thanking all of our associates and supplier partners for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers and communities. During the fourth quarter, our comp average ticket increased 5.8% and comp transactions decreased 6%. The growth in our comp average ticket was driven primarily by inflation across our product categories, as well as demand for new and innovative products. Inflation from core commodity categories positively impacted our average ticket growth, by approximately 15 basis points during the fourth quarter. On lumber specifically, during the fourth quarter, we saw a significant decline in lumber prices relative to a year ago. On average, lumber prices were down over 50% year-over-year. Given this dynamic, comp sales were negatively impacted by approximately 70 basis points in the fourth quarter. Turning to our department comp performance for the fourth quarter, seven of our 14 merchandising departments posted positive comps. Building materials, plumbing, millwork, hardware, tools, outdoor garden and paint had comps above the company average. Big ticket comp transactions or those over $1,000, were up 3.8% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. While we saw big ticket strength across Pro-heavy categories like portable power, hype and fitting, and gypsum we did experience softness in other categories like laundry, soft flooring and roofing. During the fourth quarter, Pro sales growth outpaced DIY. Pro backlog still remain elevated compared to historical averages, and we saw positive comp performance in our build materials, plumbing and millwork departments as well as in certain bath-related categories. Turning to total company online sales. We are very pleased, with the performance of our digital assets. Sales leveraging our digital platforms increased over 4%, compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This was driven by our continued investments, which are resonating with our customers. For those customers, that chose to transact with us online during the fourth quarter, approximately 45% of our online orders were fulfilled through our stores, a testament to the power of our interconnected retail strategy. During the fourth quarter, we held our Decorative Holiday, Gift Center and Black Friday events. 2022 was a record sales year for these events. We are the product authority in home improvement. And together with our supplier partners, we continue to offer the best product at the best value for our customers every day. A great example of this, is our recent partnership with Ecolab, a global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. The Ecolab scientific clean product line, offers the cleaning solutions for commercial, industrial and residential use that Ecolab is known for to both our Pro and DIY customers, giving them access to innovative cleaning technology and this partnership is exclusive to The Home Depot. It marks the first of its kind, in Ecolab's 100-year history. We're looking forward to the year ahead particularly, with the spring selling season, right around the corner. We have a great lineup of products from live goods to outdoor power equipment. We continue to see an industry-wide shift from gas-powered to battery-powered tools. And as we've been discussing for some time, we have been leaning into this trend, offering a broad assortment of outdoor power equipment, with cordless technology. We have the brands that matter across tools and outdoor power including RYOBI, Milwaukee, DeWalt and Makita. In our spring gift center event, we are expanding our assortment to include, cordless innovation in mowers, trimmers, blowers and chainsaws. As an example, our Makita XGT platform will have over 125 professional-grade cordless tools. I'm particularly excited, about our new 40-volt XGT mower, that delivers gas-powered performance with high vacuum lift for premium cut quality. The XGT mower can cut over an acre in less than 60 minutes on two 40-volt XGT batteries. These Makita tools are exclusive to The Home Depot in the big-box retail channel. One of our key focuses in the spring is to provide great value and innovation for our customers within our live goods offerings. We continually work to strengthen our relationship with key vendors throughout the industry providing the best value, innovation and guarded performance for our customers. We have expanded our offerings in national, regional and proprietary brands such as Vigoro, Rio, Southern Living and Knockout Rose just to name a few. Our teams continue to look for better garden performance varieties that provide solutions for our customers and we are excited about the upcoming spring season. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Richard. 
Jeff Kinnaird: Yeah. Thank you, Ted. So yeah, in general to your comments more broad than what we saw in the third quarter, but still very good project demand. If you look at the seven departments that outperformed the plumbing business building materials millwork hardware tools, and paint above our company average and just reflected the strength of the project business. To your point, Michael, we're watching categories like flooring very closely. We're working assortments. We're working different opportunities in the market to look at what's happening in categories like flooring, but some broader-based sensitivity, but still good strength in the overall business.
Jeff Kinnaird: Brian, it's Jeff. As we talked about price sensitivity earlier, we are seeing some additional sensitivity or saw some additional sensitivity in Q4 versus Q3. But let me give you a real-time example of how we're looking at the business and I'll go to the cleaning business as an example. As I spoke about in my prepared remarks, we launched in this quarter Ecolab, which is a premium cleaning brand in the market, which we're seeing exceptional performance. It is a trade-up category for many consumers, many pros and we're just really, really excited about the partnership and the long-term opportunity in that category. At the same time, we're expanding our HDX cleaning lineup and that's just a great everyday value brand for our customers and we're seeing a great pickup in that brand as well. So our merchants take the time by category to engineer what results they want to see and cleaning is a great example there. At the same time, we're watching categories very closely like appliances, like patio furniture, like grill that we spoke about in Q3 and earlier today to ensure that we are positioned right for the current environment.
Jeff Kinnaird: And Chris, as Richard mentioned, it's been a very turbulent couple of years in the lumber market. To give you an example of what we faced in the fourth quarter on the framing side, lumber was $420 per thousand on average compared to $886 on average in 2021. To put that in retail dollar sense for everyone, a 2x4 study which is one of our top unit movers in the business, retail on average were $3.40 in the fourth quarter of this year. Last year, it was over $5. Now we did make some ground back on units. So you could say that when you see a lumber market depressed or normalized, you see good unit productivity and you see good overall project business. As you look forward into the front half that same 2x4 stud is over $10. It's now $3.50. So we'll see good unit productivity and certainly an opportunity to drive more project-related business.
Jeff Kinnaird: Hi, Steven, it's Jeff. No nothing specific to call out on the promotional environment, as we head into the first quarter further into the first quarter. We're excited about the value, we're ready -- we're offering our customers. And our spring sets, have gone exceptionally well, and we're looking forward to the spring season. But no change, that we can predict in the promotional environment. 
Richard McPhail: So -- yes. So Michael, just to recap quickly, the way that we set our target and our guidance for the year was to first start with the assumption of flat consumer spending. And then with respect to the goods sector of the economy, as I said over the last seven quarters, we've seen that shift across the consumer economy from goods to services. So, we would anticipate this would put slight pressure on our market. And then, we look to overcome that by taking share in the manner that we've done consistently over the past several years. So we're targeting flat. If you -- there are so many factors that influence our market right now, as Ted alluded to. But if you were to take a hypothetical situation, let's just think about that share shift that we call out. So we look at the share that we currently capture as a share of consumption PCE. And we've tracked that through the COVID period and over the last few years. As we said in our guidance, that share shift continued at the rates at which we have seen theism [ph] behave. Currently, we would expect the market to face low single-digit negative pressure. But if you were to take perhaps a more extreme case and say, if that share of PCE that our market holds were to shift all the way back to 2019 levels by the end of the year that would imply pressure of call it mid-single-digit percentages. And so that would sort of be one way to get your mind around a hypothetical case, where share shift happens more rapidly than it has been.
Richard McPhail: So, just to keep it simple, because share shift is not a perfect science. In a hypothetical case, and again, we're not guiding this way, this is not a downside case, but in a hypothetical situation that share shift. If our comps were to be mid-single-digit negative, we would see operating margin around 14%, as kind of a corollary to that hypothetical situation.
Richard McPhail: Thanks, Simeon. On home prices, we know over the long-term that our business does correlate to price appreciation. Obviously, we've had unprecedented growth and appreciation since 2019. Home prices peaked in June of 2022. In fact, at that point, they were 45% higher than they were at the end of 2019. They have regressed by about 3%, since that point. So we've seen some modest correction. But I can tell you, we have not seen an impact on a market-by-market basis, since that peak. There's no relationship with comp sales and the home price appreciation or correction that we've seen. On housing turnover, there's just that interesting dynamic of whether -- what is actually happening in housing turnover. They just aren't the willing sellers out there to the degree that they have been in past eras. We're in such a healthy -- our customer our homeowner customers in such a healthy position that you just think about their motive for selling. As you know 90% -- over 90% of US homeowners either own their homes outright or have fixed rate mortgages under 5%. And so that incentive to sell and move to a higher rate mortgage just isn't there. And in fact, the incentive is really there to improve in place. So it's hard to say what the housing economy -- how the housing economy might impact us, but no to answer your first question to date since 2022, we haven't seen a relationship.
Richard McPhail: I think the only thing I look at really is the trajectory that we've observed. I think that's the best information we can use. We're not making an assumption about whether in your terms there's full digestion or not.
Richard McPhail: Right. So Chris, our guidance assumes that we'll comp slightly lower in the first half than the second half. The lumber pressure we called out is sort of outside of guidance. There's so much volatility in that that we would not want to put that in guidance. There is 100 basis points of pressure to the year. If the number remains at current prices that pressure exists predominantly in the first half.
Richard McPhail: And Chris, another reason we leave that sort of lumber hypothetical case outside of guidance, if that pressure does exist and come through we would not see any material impact to earnings.
Richard McPhail: Well, we're still -- while we know that global supply chains are improving, at least relative to where we were last year at this time. We're still pulling forward inventory. We still see extended lead times. And we think that 2023 is going to be a year of continued improvement in supply chains. So, we are encouraged by the inventory movements in our business. The year-over-year inventory increase was the smallest quarterly increase of the entire year. And so we feel good about our inventory productivity. And again, we've been managing in kind of exceptional circumstances. But yes, I think over the long run, you will see us heading back to convention with respect to working capital.
Richard McPhail: Sure. So it may be more helpful to talk about the construction of operating margin year-to-year, just to kind of tick that out. That gives you a better sense. So, in a flat comp environment, we would expect to see deleverage on a fixed cost base and obviously in an inflationary environment as exists today. That deleverage is somewhere between 30 to 40 basis points. In addition, our wage investment represents about 60 basis points of movement in year-to-year wage. And then offsetting that are productivity initiatives that we expect will generate between 10 and 20 basis points of recapture of margin. And so that's how we walk from the 15.3 to the 14.5. Over the long run, we always expect to grow operating income faster than sales. We've been managing in a unique environment and certainly our guidance implies the wage investment that we've made today. And the second part of your question I'm sorry I forgot.
Richard McPhail: Well, as I shared just a few questions ago we do anticipate that comps in the first half will be slightly lower than the second half and our performance to-date reflects that guidance.
Richard McPhail: There are a lot of ins and outs. There are a lot of ins and outs in 2022. We basically delivered gross margin precisely where we anticipated to at the beginning of the year. And underlying that was a lot of product costs and transportation costs offset by actions and within that continued supply chain investment in our downstream or delivery operations. For 2023, we're targeting gross margin that's roughly flat year-over-year. Again, it will be a year of several ins and outs. Product cost inflation has decreased but does persist above historical levels. Transportation costs should actually be a tailwind. But we still have investment in our supply chain. And look we did see some increased pressure from shrink in the back half, right? So, we've got a lot of ins and outs. But roughly speaking we're targeting essentially flat gross margin for the year. 
Richard McPhail: We're committed to our investment. That's done. With respect to how we manage our P&L, we always operate with a degree of financial flexibility. And so, in any environment, we're going to assess, what that environment means for us, and how we should manage the P&L.
