Craig Menear: Thank you, Diane and good morning everyone. Well, I've spoken with many of you on past earnings calls, this is my first call as CEO and I'd like to start by thanking Frank for his leadership and guidance over the years. Our effort as a leadership team will be to continue to drive our strategic framework and to take on the opportunities that lie ahead for our business. Now let's turn to the quarter. Sales for the third quarter were $20.5 billion up 5.4% from last year. Comp sales were positive 5.2% and our diluted earnings per share were $1.15. Our U.S. stores had a positive comp of 5.8%. In the third quarter as we saw in the second quarter, we had broad-based growth across our geographies with all three of our U.S. divisions posting mid-single digit comps. Every region positively comped in the quarter as did 39 of our top 40 markets. We saw growth in ticket and transaction in the third quarter and we were particularly pleased with the strong transaction growth as each month in the quarter had positive comp transactions. As Ted will detail, all of our merchandising departments positively comped and we continue to see strength in the core of our store. Our service businesses had comps above the company average with strength in windows, countertops and water heaters. Both our consumer and Pro businesses grew during the quarter. The growth in our pro business continues to be anchored by our large spending Pro which grew at approximately 2x the company average. So as we look at the trends across our business broad-based geographical growth, strong comps and higher ticket installed projects growth with both our Pro and consumer and strength in the core of the store, we continue to see a recovering home-improvement market in the U.S. On the international front, our Canadian business posted comps above the company average and local currency for the quarter making it 12 quarters in a row of positive comps. Comps in local currency for our Mexican business were in line with our company average yielding their 44th consecutive quarter of positive comps. Sales from our online channel grew almost 40% in the quarter and this was particularly impressive as we anniversary growth of over 50% in the same quarter last year. We saw increased traffic to our sites, growth in online conversion and an increase in the number of orders being picked up in the store in the quarter. We continue to invest in interconnected retail. Across our online properties we improved navigation, enhanced search capabilities and expanded chat functionality during the quarter. And our supply chain team opened our Paris, California direct fulfillment Center, the second of three planned direct fulfillment centers. These automated facilities will support our online growth with the balance of cost efficiency and speed in shipping online orders to meet our customers' needs. Interconnected retail also requires us to rethink space allocation within our stores. Almost 40% of our online orders are picked up in the store using our Buy Online Pick Up In Store and Buy Online Ship to Store capabilities. This year we are installing dedicated storage bays in 550 stores to improve the customer experience. The U.S. housing recovery continues to track in line with our expectations with home price appreciation and housing turnover being the drivers of growth for our business. And we have also seen improvement in GDP growth. As Carol will detail, we are reaffirming our sales guidance and our diluted earnings per share guidance for the year. Before I close, I'd like to briefly comment on the data breach. First, we apologize to anyone impacted by this. From the start our guiding principle has been to put our customers first. Our customers who won't be responsible for any fraudulent charges incurred through the breach and we will continue to offer free credit monitoring and ID theft protection to any impacted customers. We will continue to invest and enhance security measures to protect our customers' information. Finally, I'd like to congratulate Marc Powers, a 28 year Home Depot veteran who was recently promoted to Executive Vice President of U.S. Stores. Marc has been instrumental in improving customer service, making him an ideal fit for the role. The power of the Home Depot begins with our company's strong culture and commitments to its values. I want to thank our associates for their hard work and dedication to our customers based on this quarter's results over 99% of our stores would qualify for Success Sharing our profit-sharing program for our hourly associates. With that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig Menear: I mean I would start with the comment that our strategic framework is really built from the customer back in terms of what they expect from the Home Depot. It's clearly been a strength that we have pivoted off of. It will evolve as the interconnected retail portion of our business evolves, but I wouldn't look for a dramatic departure from any of the strategies that we've had in place. We think that framework works.
Craig Menear: Chris, really it's very difficult for us to be able to determine if there was any impact. We were very, very pleased with the fact that we had positive transaction growth in each month during the quarter and I think that represents strength for our customers, confidence in the Home Depot and we appreciate that.
Craig Menear: I would start here with the fulfillment centers being set up in large part are focused on being able to have speed of parcel delivery to our customers when we complete the full rollout of all three centers in 2015. We will actually be able to hit about 90% of the U.S. population in 48 hours or less with parcel shipment. That's the main focus of those centers overall. We're still in the early days of both of the centers that are open, but pleased with what we're seeing in terms of the order fulfillment and operations of those buildings.
Craig Menear: Well, obviously, partial shipment goes direct to the consumer from those facilities, but our customers – we also ship bulk product as well. Our customers are choosing to engage with our stores almost 40% of our orders through Home Depot.com in the quarter actually culminated in one of our Orange box stores.
Craig Menear: So the Pro customer we have seen growth in the average in the Pro over the past roughly 12 months. That average has moved up to approximately $6600 from the previous total and it's an area that we continue to focus on.
Craig Menear: We really don't have a good way to try to get at a full market share for the online space. So that's one we really don't have a good handle on. And then we look at the business in total on a portfolio approach as it relates to it being commerce again customer 40% or so picking up in-store. We really look at it as a portfolio approach in terms of overall profitability of the business and that's really how we look at it.
Craig Menear: We've seen obviously as home value appreciation has happened customers are certainly more willing to invest in their homes. I think you also see services growing as a result of you have an aging population and I know for myself where I used to love to do things. I actually have Home Depot services do things now that I would have done previously. So I think it's a combination of that macro trend and the improvement in the home values. And then we've worked hard internally to enhance the customer experience and make sure that we are monitoring how we actually provide the experience to the customer. Mark, I don't know if you have any additional comments.
Craig Menear: I think the other comment I have is really important for us to be working closely with our manufacturers' to continue to drive the innovation in the product that delivers value to our customers. And I think there are opportunities around the store to continue to focus on that and we will. We put pretty strong emphasis in a few key categories that we put a stake in the ground LED technology, lithium technology we've seen great results in those businesses as a result of that focus with our key suppliers. And I think that something we have to continue to do.
Craig Menear: I think historically, candidly in the retail business, the competitive environment changes on an ongoing basis. And that's actually what's really fun about the retail business. And so we fully anticipate ongoing that across multiple different segments that we compete against that the market will react and moved and likewise so will we. And we remain focused on continuing to take share.
Craig Menear: I think first of all Bill and his team in Canada have done an outstanding job of driving the business in Canada and we look to see that continue that kind of performance. We think there's a lot of opportunities to continue to bring great value to our Canadian customers and drive for share gains in the market.
Craig Menear: That's pretty tough to tell. I would say I don't know that the Canadian market ever got quite as difficult as the U.S. market, but certainly they had their bumps along the way as well, but it's pretty tough to tell the difference on those.
Craig Menear: That's a pretty difficult number. We talk about it a lot but it's a really difficult number to quantify. We know there is upside opportunity. Let's put it that way.
Ted Decker: Thanks, Craig and good morning everyone. We were pleased with our performance in the third quarter. The strength in the core of the store, growth of our Pro customers', excellent execution and seasonal events and the continued implementation of our merchandising tools all contributed to these results. All merchandising departments posted positive comps. Millwork, tools, kitchen, indoor garden, lumber, lighting, bath and plumbing were above the company average. Flooring, hardware, building materials, decor, electrical, paint an outdoor garden were positive, but below the company average. The core of the store continue to perform and we saw comps above the company average and maintenance and repair products like water heaters, light bulbs, power tool accessories, hand tools, cleaning, pipe and fittings and wiring devices. There was also strength in simple decor with comps above the company average and plumbing fixtures, decorative lighting, vanities and hard surface flooring. Pro-heavy categories continue to grow and we saw comps above the company average in insulation concrete, pressure-treated wood, dimensional lumber, HVAC and gypsum. Our millwork categories also had another quarter of great performance led by comps above the company average in interior doors, exterior doors and windows. Our Labor Day fall cleanup and harvest events provided great values and were well-received by our customers resulting in solid comps and outdoor power, storage, decorative holiday and grills. Using our merchandising planning tools, we were able to add innovation and localization within our fastener and builders hardware categories. In fasteners, we recently completed a reset resulting in a more effective mix of our private label brand Everbilt with national brands. With this reset, we also introduced a larger assortment of innovative specialty fasteners. In cabinet hardware, we adjusted the assortment throughout the U.S. to better serve customers on a local level. As a result, these categories comped above the company average in the third quarter. Total comp transactions grew by 3.1% while comp ticket increased 2.1% for the quarter. Our average ticket increase was positively impacted to reflect approximately 10 basis points due to commodity price inflation from product such as lumber, transactions for tickets under $50 representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales were up 1.9% for the third quarter. Transactions for tickets over $900 also representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales were up 5.9% in the third quarter. The drivers behind the increase in big-ticket purchases were water heaters, flooring and countertops. Now let me turn our attention to the fourth quarter. Our strategy of partnering the suppliers to bring innovation value to the market has never been stronger. This quarter we continued to deliver on the promise with the addition of 21 new Kohler SKUs to our bath and kitchen faucet lineup. These faucets will bring the latest in innovation and style and are exclusive to the Home Depot. For our Pro customers, we will be featuring an exclusive series of carbide tipped reciprocating blades from Diablo. These blades are designed for extreme metal cutting including high-strength alloys, cast-iron and stainless steel. This breakthrough technology provides up to 20x the cutting life of standard blades saving our Pros time and money. With the holidays nearing, we are once again offering an outstanding assortment of products in our gift centers. We will feature great deals on hand and power tools including amazing values from Milwaukee, Makita and DeWalt. In holiday décor, we continue to bring innovation in the latest offerings to our customers. We have become the leading destination for the category both in-store and through our extended assortment online. We are excited about our lineup of pre-lit trees and have added many new styles including one that can change between 56 different light functions and color options using remote control. Finally, I'd like to mention the outstanding special buys that we have planned for Black Friday and Cyber Week. We will have extreme values for the traditional DIYer and professional customers including some amazing offers on appliances. With all of these exciting products events and great in-store execution we look forward to driving excitement this holiday season. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Carol.
Ted Decker: This is Ted. Overall we're seeing growth certainly some of those categories are shifting sales to online, but overall we're happy with the performance of the portfolio.
Ted Decker: Sure. I would say that we've made good progress on developing the tools – the tools can always be enhanced but foundational they are developed and they have been rolled out to the merchant community. As you know we review about a third of the business each year, so while we've had these tools in place for a couple of years now, we still haven't reviewed the entire store utilizing leveraging the new tools. And I would say that certainly the second time and the third time that a business is reviewed with a tool we're going to get better and better. So when you think about localization we start with our clustering tool where we are using our online sales data as well as our store sales data to identify localized demand then we sort the store using our new assortment planning tools to that local demand. And then a newer set of tools that we haven't talked that much about and I do see promise in the future is in space. So once you have your demand and your assortment, how do you best get the appropriate micro space facing rate of sale and we have tools for that that we're starting to use. And then in macro space when we think about businesses that are shifting online or more so than others areas that we're trying to grow to bring excitement into the store we will be looking at a macro perspective in the store utilizing tools of how best to find space for those categories.
Ted Decker: Well, one of the key things and maybe obvious as much as we talk about interconnected retail, but you never would've thought appliances would be as strong as it is as an online category. Even flooring one of the key products that we're moving into our new DF facilities is hard surface flooring so customers quite happy to order complete flooring jobs and direct delivery to the home. So I think that's a key learning that the interconnected -- the online experience can both be educational and inspirational, but also be used for commerce on big-ticket items like flooring and appliances.
Ted Decker: Yes. On appliances so yes we comped in line with the company average but third-party reporting would suggest we took some decent share in the quarter, so we are pleased with that performance. We have over 1000 showrooms now that we have expanded the footprint. We started this over two years ago about a quarter of those, 1000 are the bigger showroom that we call jumbo and that's where we essentially doubled the space of the appliance showroom and the balance of 750 odd are a Bigfoot where we only go up about 30%. So we've done about 1000. We may we will continue to look at the performance and we won't certainly do every last door with an expanded showroom but we probably have a few more that we can take a look at.
Ted Decker: Yes. I wouldn't say there's a particular theme probably the category that is suffering from the mild weather is roofing so that would be a category we're happy with the business, but there have been no storms, there hasn't been a lot of inclement weather so the demand is that is lower and in life goods again the drought in the West Coast and the very mild summer in the north so you didn't get a lot of burnout of lawns and reseeding et cetera. Those really are the only things.
Ted Decker: No, the promotions are very similar to last year. We ran what we're calling a pre-Black Friday appliance event for largely the month of November and we're like-for-like to last year. 
Carol Tome: And don't mean this to sound defensive, but if you look at a three-year stack September was our hardest comparison.
Carol Tome: Happy to talk about our perspective on November in the fourth quarter. As you know it's always tricky to forecast where sales will go in the fourth quarter because we're heading into winter. And I don't know about where you are, Chris, but it's mighty cold here in Atlanta. That being said we're two weeks into November and I must say that I'm impressed with the sales that we've reported to date. So if there's a bias in or forecast I would say it's a biased to the upside.
Carol Tome: Sure. So Brian as we've said at the end of the second quarter, we've had a great expense performance this year. And at the end of the second quarter, we said that we expected our expenses to grow at 23% of our sales growth. But we also said that there would be quarter-over-quarter differences in that expense growth factor because of year-over-year comparison. So we always anticipated that expenses in the third quarter would be higher than our guidance for the year and that's turned out to be true. So if I look at our expense performance pre-breach, we were right in line actually a little bit better than we thought. Of course, the breach has distorted this a bit. So now as we look at our expense growth factor guidance for the year, we are taking it up from what was 23% to now 27%. So it's just a year-over-year comparison that makes some of the quarters look different, but for the year we're very pleased with where we are.
Carol Tome: Well, I will tell you there was a handful of people who are working around the clock. And their cost has not been captured. Their payroll is their payroll. But I would think if we actually put an hourly rate on that maybe we should of captured a little bit more cost. But really we try to be as comprehensive as we could. It includes legal fees, it includes the cost of credit monitoring, it includes the cost of IT, so we try to be as inclusive as we could.
Carol Tome: And maybe another way to look at it is just the census data because we do run it as one business and if you look at our market share from the census data, we increased market share by 23 basis points now at 27.07%
Carol Tome: I will say, Peter, we have put all that into our guidance this uncertainty; we factored some of that in. The other thing that I would say is that 7 basis points of margin expansion that we received in the supply chain only 2 was fuel related. So Mark and his team are driving great productivity within the four walls of our distribution centers. The last thing I would say is on inventory, we were pleased with our inventory performance. The turns flat year-on-year given the disruption in the supply chain. Actually we've added one date of lead-time and that actually if you back out that additional day our inventory turns would have been up year-on-year. So we were pleased given this challenging environment.
Carol Tome: Well, we love paying out 50% of our earnings on a dividend which means at the end of year we will look back at what we earned and cut it in half that will be the new dividend. So it looks like we will have a nice increase coming at us in February. As we think about this longer-term, Craig and I will be talking about what that optional payout should be. And you can imagine in an environment of a company that's a maturing company strong cash flow giving excess cash back to the shareholders in the most efficient way is something we should try to do and a higher dividend payout may be on the agenda, but we will be talking about that.
Carol Tome: Kate, I think our comments were that the large spend Pro which makes up about 30% of our Pros; they grew 2x the company average. Our Pro customer in total grew about the company average. If you look at the large spend Pro that double-digit growth would have been the same in Q2.
Carol Tome: Well, we run our business as a portfolio as we've talked to you all along. So yes, there are costs. We're standing up new distribution facilities and we have costs associated with that, but we drive productivity and other facilities to cover those costs. So it's all in the portfolio that we run to drive towards that 13% operating margin target that we set forth last year to reach that by the end of 2015.
Carol Tome: Right. So Dan we are accrue bonuses based on the number of financial metrics, for the stores and Success Sharing it's based on sales. As we reaffirmed this morning, our sales growth guidance is the same now as it was at the beginning of the year which means the accrual isn't any higher than it would have been, actually less in the last year because last year we were blowing away our sales plan. So bonus expense actually was a bit of a hilt in the third quarter.
Carol Tome: As we look at our private label credit card, we see that within our Pro segment 71% of all Pros who were asking for a new account are being approved. The average line that's being approved is about $6,900. So we feel pretty good about the availability of credit for our Pros. Now, not all Pros ask for a private label card and so we understand that providing credit to this important customer is really important and we are looking at other ways in which we might get credit to them besides our private label card is there some other sort of financing vehicle that we should be providing so we're exploring that.
Carol Tome: Those salespeople who are really attached to our high spend Pros pretty good dug on important – the average spend for a high spend Pro is on average close to $30,000 a year.
Carol Tome: We feel so good about Canada though that we are opening a store in Canada this year. We haven't opened a store in Canada for a number of years.
Carol Tome: Sure. Appliances grew the company average for the quarter. For the year appliances that contributed 20 basis points of our comp growth.
Carol Tome: Yes, we are not expecting $800 million of working capital benefit. I would knock that off by a couple hundred million.
Carol Tome: We've shared this data in the past we had a 5% increase in the average ticket for Pros or three more transaction that is a $1.2 billion opportunity so maybe that helps size it.
Carol Tome: I will give you one data point perhaps if I could and then Ted can give you more color. If you look at the selling departments that Ted talked about nine of 16 were 100 basis points of the average comp, so it was very narrowly bound.
Carol Tome: Yes, Laura, that was contemplated in the guidance that we've given. Now we've issued a lot of press releases recently but we've had the 4.54 in for a while and that included the gain on sale of HD Supply.
Mark Holifield: Hey, Seth, Mark Holifield here. Yes, by online deliver from store were in pilot at this point in two stores and the pilot is going well. It's a very small pilot at this point. Most important thing is that we get the customer service experience absolutely right and once we are confident in that we will begin the rollout.
Mark Holifield: Yes, thanks Peter. It's absolutely a very challenging environment with lots of disruption out there. So we were very pleased to see supply chain contribution to gross margin given that. The disruptions at the ports in general transportation delays have been pretty difficult the last few weeks but thanks to a lot of hard work our team has been able to land our Black Friday freight. We don't see any disruption to our supply chain for Black Friday. But we are concerned over the long-haul here the West Coast ports, the rail situation, the driver shortage, all look to create uncertainty in terms of transportation rates going forward. So that's definitely a concern pretty hard to predict given the fluidity of the situation that's out there.
Mark Holifield: I think you said it pretty well, Carol. I think the most important thing about our inventory is that customer service begins with us being in stock and we are always going to pursue that first and make sure that our inventory productivity comes right after that.
