Carol Tomé: Thank you, Ted, and hello everyone. In the third quarter, sales were $23.2 billion, a 6.1% increase from last year driven primarily by positive comp sales as well as the impact of Interline brands versus last year foreign currency rates, primarily a weaker Mexican peso, negatively impacted total sales growth by approximately $76 million or 0.35%. Our total company comps or same-store sales were positive 5.5% for the quarter with positive comps of 3.8% in August, 6.5% in September and 6.1% in October. Comps for U.S. stores were positive 5.9% for the quarter with positive comps of 4.2% in August, 6.9% in September and 6.5% in October. One last comment on comps. While we are on a path to fully integrate Interline brands, we aren’t at a point where it makes sense to include its results in our comps and operational sell metrics. When the business becomes more integrated, we will include Interline's results in our operational metrics. Our total company gross margin was 34.7% for the quarter, an increase of 6 basis points from last year. The change in our gross margin is explained largely by the following factors. First, as expected, we had 24 basis points of gross margin contraction due to the impact of Interline. Second, we had 13 basis points of gross margin expansion in our supply chain driven primarily by increased productivity. And finally, we had 17 basis points of gross margin expansion arising from a change in the mix of products sold and improvement in inventory shrinkage. For fiscal 2016, we continue to expect our gross margin rate to be about the same as what we reported in fiscal 2015. In the third quarter, operating expense as a percent of sales decreased by 62 basis points to 20.4%. In the quarter, we had some expenses that we did not plan for; including $23 million of legal expenses related to our 2014 data breach and approximately $15 million of storm-related cleanup expenses. Even with this unplanned expense pressure, we delivered total expenses under our plan. For the year, we expect our expenses to grow at approximately 32% of our fiscal 2016 sales growth rate. Our operating margin for the quarter was 14.3%, an increase of 68 basis points from last year. Interest and other expense for the third quarter was $236 million, down $4 million from last year. In the third quarter, our effective tax rate was 36.2% compared to 37.1% last year. For fiscal 2016, we expect our income tax provision rate to approximately 36.7%. Our diluted earnings per share for the third quarter were $1.60, an increase of 18.5% from last year. Now turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, merchandised inventories were $13.2 billion, up $746 million from last year. Inventory turns were 5 times, flat with the third quarter of last year. Year-over-year accounts payable grew slightly faster than inventory increasing by $818 million to $8.1 billion. In the third quarter, we repurchased $2.1 billion or approximately 16.4 million shares of outstanding stock, bringing our year-to-date share repurchases to approximately $4.6 billion. Additionally, during the quarter we took advantage of an attractive interest rate environment and raised $2 billion of incremental long-term debt, including $1 billion tranche with a record setting 40-year maturity carrying a coupon of 3.5%. We will use the proceeds of this debt issuance to repurchase outstanding shares bringing our targeted fiscal 2016 share repurchases to $7 billion. Accordingly, we expect to repurchase approximately $2.4 billion of outstanding shares in the fourth quarter. Computed on the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the trailing four quarters, return on invested capital was 29.1%, 280 basis points higher than the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Moving to our guidance. We remain encouraged by the strength of our core business. Our outlook for the remainder of the year reflects modest GDP growth, continued benefits from U.S. housing markets and candidly the market share gains. While we have tough fourth quarter comparisons, as Ted described, we plan for them. Today, we are reaffirming our sales growth guidance. For fiscal 2016, we expect sales to grow by approximately 6.3% with comps of approximately 4.9%. Note that our sales forecast assumes foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of our fiscal third quarter. For earnings per share, we’ve tightened up our tax provision and outstanding share forecast and are lifting our guidance. We now expect fiscal 2016 diluted earnings per share to grow by approximately 15.9% to $6.33. So thank you for your participation in today’s call. Catherine, we are now ready for questions.
Carol Tomé: And if I could just jump in, it’s Carol here. So we are in the middle of November and we are on track to deliver the sales that we just guided to.
Carol Tomé: Well, as we look at the environment we see that there are share donors in certain categories. Ted called out that appliances was a double-digit comp for us in the third quarter. It contributed 50 basis points of our overall growth in the quarter, as for the year. And so as we look to the fourth quarter, it’s always a big appliance selling season and we would expect to continue to grow appliances in the fourth quarter.
Carol Tomé: Well, I can take you back to the beginning of the year. We said that our expenses would grow at 40% of our sales growth rate. We are now seeing that our expenses this year will grow at 32% of our sales growth rate. And what that means, year-to-date our expenses have grown at 37.5% of our sales growth rate. For the fourth quarter, we should expect a lot of leverage on the SG&A line, principally because we have year-over-year expense items that we will not repeat in the fourth quarter of this year. Last year we had outperformance and bonus, we had some store cleanup costs. Those items will not repeat in the fourth quarter of this year, so expect a good flow through. Longer term, as we talked about and we talked about this at the beginning of the year, because of items like rising people costs and we’re not alone. All companies are faced with rising people costs, over the longer term we would expect our expenses to grow at 50% of our sales growth rate. And we’re not providing guidance for 2017 today but you would expect next year for us to come back and tell you it should be more in the 50% area.
Carol Tomé: I think it’s important to just step back and look at where we are in terms of the cycle and focus on home price appreciation, because that’s a big driver of our business. Since 2011, homeowners have seen a 95% increase in their home equity. That’s come about because of rising prices as well as if you have a mortgage, you’ve been making mortgage payments since 2011. So homeowners really do view their home as an investment and not an expense. So the question is, okay, great, well what does it mean for 2017 and beyond? While we see home prices have recovered in certain parts of the country, there are other parts of the country where we are still double-digit down from peak. Those areas include Chicago and Atlanta. So in terms of where we are for the cycle, you can’t look at the averages because the averages will kill you. You have to look at the market. And when you look at the market, we see real opportunity for continued improvement. There’s really interesting statistics that comes out of the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies and they call it the leading indicator of remodeling activity. And this leading indicator of remodeling activity suggests continued growth throughout the fourth quarter, throughout 2017. They don’t produce the report past 2017 but their work suggests we will continue to grow.
Carol Tomé: On the credit side, it’s important to note that we have little over 900,000 Pros that hold a private label credit card with us. We’ve converted over 20% of those Pros onto our new value product. And for those who have converted, 64% of those are activating the new value prop. So we see growth in those accounts. And as we continue to convert and add new Pros into the program, we expect this to be a top line benefit. Today, it’s growing. It’s not materially impacting the top line but it’s growing and we expect that to continue to grow over time.
Carol Tomé: Just the timing of the hurricane and where it hit; not that much. We saw significant cost coming of the flooding. In fact, I think you know we had to shut down a store, we lost a store. Part of those storm-related expenses I called out on the SG&A line is because we had a – it could liquidate the inventory, clean up the store and get it back open which we did do, which is very exciting for us.
Carol Tomé: I think the easiest way to think about this is on a two-year stack basis. So the implied comp for the fourth quarter is a little over 3%. If you look at a three-year stack for the first half of 2016, the two-year stack comp is 10.6%. If you look at the two-year stack comp for Q3, it’s 10.6%. If you look then at the forecasted two-year stack comp for Q4, it’s over 10%. So skepticism abound, but we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we give based on these two-year stack.
Carol Tomé: And if you recall the investor conference we had in December of last year, we set forth a sales target of $101 million and operating margin target of 14.5% by 2018. As we sit here today, nothing has taken us off of that target.
Carol Tomé: The good thing is, Scott, we got a supply chain, we got a staffing model, we can adopt or change or adjust to whatever demand is coming our way.
Carol Tomé: The Pro growth was higher than the DIY growth in the third quarter but the sequential comment had to do with transactions not customer segment.
Carol Tomé: Well, in certain geographies like Texas where you may say that how the sale is performing there? We see double-digit comps in parts of Texas. So Texas is doing very well. I will tell you our stores in North Dakota are negative comping; two stores in North Dakota, so that’s not a surprise to us. It doesn’t matter to the overall company but that’s not a surprise. On balance, as Craig pointed out, we’ve got good growth across the country with opportunity for more growth.
Carol Tomé: Yes, we do look at it that way and as we’ve look peak to [indiscernible] markets that have not fully recovered.
Carol Tomé: Well, I talk about some of the inventory findings. First, our in-stock rates are a tick higher than they were year-on-year. That’s exactly where we want them to be. We bought in for the season, so our inventory is healthy. We are ready for this season. The quality of inventory has never been better. If I look at clearance, in active, e-velocity, we’re at the lowest levels in the 21 years that I’ve been here. So never better in terms of quality. And in terms of where we think the inventory may go, we’ve got a lot of initiatives on the way in the supply chain roles and maybe Mark Holifield could comment on Supply Chain Sync and so on and so forth.
Carol Tomé: Yes, so I actually looked at that this morning. I went to the San Francisco Bay area and I went to Seattle, because those are two markets where you’re seeing real home price appreciation. And I went to see how we’ve seen a slowdown in big ticket or anything that would cause us to be concerned, and we don’t see anything at this point.
Carol Tomé: No. We were very pleased with our gross margin performance in the third quarter. We expanded by 6 basis points. And based on the guidance I had given you, you should expect similar expansion in the fourth quarter.
Carol Tomé: You can look at our services business and our services business up year-on-year. We exited a few businesses at the end of last year. If you ignore the businesses that you exited, our services business which has an average ticket north of $1,000 grew faster than the company average in the third quarter.
Carol Tomé: So Interline contributed $300 million of growth year-on-year. The gross margin [ph] obviously impacted the gross margin. And in terms of EPS, we generated $0.02 of EPS off of Interline in the quarter.
Carol Tomé: You’re thinking about it too much, because our – our largest expense is payroll and we have an activity-based model. And so we have so much opportunity to adjust to the payroll staffing out of our stores. So just use 50%. Will it be perfect? No, but it’s good enough for modeling purposes.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So we look at the affordability index, which is over 150%, so that’s good news. So now we went back and looked at, okay, historical percentages of household income used for mortgage payments. If you look at the years 1995 through 2000, 22% of homeowners’ income was used for their mortgage payment. It’s down now to about 14%. Interest rates could go up to 7% and no one is suggesting that will happen. But interest rates can go up to 7% and we would be back to about 22% of household income used for mortgage payment. So we got a long way to go before there’s any impact we think to our business from rising interest rates.
Carol Tomé: Well, we had higher penetration of certain categories that had higher margin not because their retails went up but because we took cost out. I think we’ve talked to you in the past that we stood up a cost-out team that works with our merchants, and we really do try to drive productivity in our cost of goods sold. So it was that dynamic of a higher penetration in categories with cost out that really gave us the margin expansion.
Craig Menear: So on how do we comp the comp, I’ll recall this was the conversation we had going into fiscal 2016 coming out of last year. Quite honestly, that’s the hard work that the team does immediately following the performance that we had last year in the fourth quarter. We are up against big numbers. U.S. comp in the fourth quarter last year was 8.9%. But that’s really the work the team started doing immediately following the close of that quarter. So we feel confident in the programs that merchant teams have laid out, the support with the supply chain teams and then of course our store associates taking those programs and driving them. Quite honestly that’s our job. That’s what we need to do.
Craig Menear: And then in terms of what you look at so that we don’t miss anything, we’ve shared in the past I think that we’re constantly watching ticket and transaction and when you step away from the downturn in the mid-2000s, the previous downturn was 2001 and we saw a decline in average ticket. That was a little bit of a leading indicator. Now we have to be careful because ticket can be affected by things like weather. So when you have big ticket sales, for example, in the first and second quarter on things like tractors, weather can impact that. So we do watch ticket carefully. We balance that with transactions. What we’re seeing in the business right now we like a lot. We see a nice balance between ticket transactions.
Craig Menear: Michael, we’ve obviously made a lot of investments over the past few years to make sure we’re positioned to be able to capture that.
Craig Menear: When you look at the larger ticket sales, it’s coming we believe from multiple areas. It’s coming from the strength in the Pro business, it’s coming from our services business, it’s coming from things like the appliance sales growth. So it’s a broad aspect of drivers behind the ticket. And when you look at the third quarter, actually our transactions over $900 was the largest quarter growth of the year.
Craig Menear: As you said, we’re still in the process of rolling out, it’s early days. We have not completed the rollout of BODFS, our Buy Online, Deliver from Store, yet we’re now up to about 1,600 stores where we’ve launched the program. As I mentioned in my comments, we’ve seen double-digit growth in deliveries. So certainly we think that that is beginning to have a positive impact and making it easier for our Pro customers as well as DIY customers to engage and shop with The Home Depot.
Craig Menear: The number is both in total. Candidly, the flooding has been an impact throughout the entire quarter and a larger driver.
Craig Menear: Yes, the flooding happened at the end of Q2. So the flooding impact was the entire quarter and was a much bigger impact. Obviously, the hurricane was in October.
Craig Menear: The first comment I’d make, obviously we’re not prepared to talk about '17. We’ll do that on our next call. But what I would say is if you look at the drivers of growth, we don’t see significant change in the drivers of growth. We’ve had foundational GDP growth. We’ve had in housing home value appreciation, housing turnover, new household formation and then layer on top of that 65% of the housing stock in the U.S. is now in excess of 30 years old. All of those are drivers of business for us. There’s nothing that would indicate that we see that those would change. And as Carol said, there’s varying degrees of recovery amongst different parts of the country. So we don’t see anything on the horizon at this stage that would say anything should change in terms of the growth drivers in our business.
Craig Menear: It’s possible but we’re focused on the numbers that Carol just shared that we’ve laid out in our investor conference. That’s roughly $12 billion plus worth of growth between now and 2018 from where we started this year and that’s the equivalent of opening 357 new Home Depot stores which we won’t do. So that’s no small hill and we’re focused on achieving those numbers.
Craig Menear: Roofing obviously can be seasonal depending on what happens. If you get ice and snow, you’re not really repairing – you might repair but you won’t replace a roof. Flooring is less seasonal overall.
Craig Menear: I would say the Pro is very strong. One thing we saw this quarter is we’ve always talked about the high-spend Pro and the low-spend Pro. The low-spend Pro comp was on par with the high-spend Pro. So that’s nice to see not only geographical but the high and low spend are each comping at that stronger rate in consumer. And as we look across departments, virtually every department had higher Pro spend comp than consumer. So the Pro is strong across the business. We continue to be extremely pleased with our lumber, building material business. Our tool business in particular just continues to accelerate and we’re taking meaningful share in the tools business.
Craig Menear: No, our promotional cadence is almost identical to last year and we see the strength in our portfolio across all of our brands and very, very strong across the board.
Craig Menear: Well, it’s a big business and a growing business. It’s still for the quarter not a determinative business for us. But yes, we bought into that. That was part of our growth in inventory and we’re expecting another great holiday season. I’d say also on the back of our Halloween and Harvest, we bought into that as well this past year. We’re extremely pleased with the performance of that deck of holiday segment and looking forward to an equally strong Christmas period as well.
Craig Menear: So share around the Pro is a little bit elusive but again, we try to triangulate on the number. I think what we’ve looked at is we’re playing now in a $550 billion market with the addition of the MRO for hospitality, institutional and multifamily. We think total share for The Home Depot plays somewhere in the 15% range inclusive of all of Pro and DIY and services, and we believe that our DIY share is sitting somewhere in the neighborhood of 27% to 28%.
Craig Menear: Well, I would say appliance is included but our entire Q4 cadence is identical. I can’t think of anything that were meaningfully different from Q4 of last year. I would say broadly across the business in portfolio and categories, we are focused on offering an everyday low price to our Pro and consumer customers.
Craig Menear: Time to time, folks run promotions; they try to drive their business. That’s just the nature of the business these days and we see that. We see that with the competition but we’re going to work hard to try to remain focused on our everyday value for our customer.
Craig Menear: I think the most important thing as it relates to inventory, obviously we look for productivity but first and foremost is we’re looking to continually improve our overall in-stock position and be able to take care of the customers’ needs in the quantities that they need.
Craig Menear: Yes, let me start with Mexico. Obviously, there have been changes in Mexico over the years. We’ve been able to drive an unbelievable performance in Mexico through all those changes and we’ll continue to see us doing that. We’re very pleased with our business in Mexico. The team has done a phenomenal job down there of growing that business and positioning us as the largest home improvement retailer in Mexico. As it relates to Canada, clearly what you’ve seen in Canada and what we’ve experienced is in the province of Alberta, in Saskatchewan where more dependent upon energy, clearly we have seen fresher there that we haven’t seen in the balance of the country. But the team has worked hard to offset that pressure and grow the business overall. And we’re very pleased with our business in Canada and the team has done an amazing job to offset that pressure in the West.
Craig Menear: Our job is to stay focused on our customer to make sure that we’re driving the most convenient interconnected experience leveraging all the asset base that we have and that we’re driving value for our customers through great values and through great innovation. That is our sole focus. It’s what we’re all about. It’s what we need to stay in tune with so that we stay relevant to our customers.
Craig Menear: Yes, there are obviously more folks jumping into this business. But again, as Ted described, we have a very strong appliance business. We’re gaining share in the category. We like our model.
Craig Menear: Yes, if you think about the two products in power tools that Ted called out in his comments, those are unbelievable innovations that clearly help drive ticket within the category and expansion of benefits for the customer.
Craig Menear: Again, we’re now rolled out with a new delivery program in about 1,600 stores and again, we’ve seen double-digit growth in deliveries. Now all of that is incremental. We think roughly 50% of that is incremental sales growth, but clearly some customers are taking up on the offer that we might have picked it up before as well. We anticipated that that would happen.
