Carol Tome: Thank you Ted and good morning everyone. In the first quarter, sales were $22.8 billion, a 9% increase from last year, driven primarily by positive comp sales as well as the impact of Interline Brands, versus last year, a stronger US dollar negatively impacted total sales growth by approximately 196 million or 0.9%.  Our total company comps or same store sales were positive 6.5% for the quarter, with positive comps of 10.2% in February, 6.7% in March and 4.3% in April. Comps for US stores were positive 7.4% for the quarter, with positive comps of 11.8% in February, 7.7% in March and 4.6% in April. We estimate weather-driven demand positively impacted our US sales growth by approximately $250 million. The variability and our comp sales performance during the quarter was due in large part to weather and to the timing of Easter this year versus last year. Our total company gross margin was 34.2% for the quarter, a decrease of 13 basis points from last year. The change in our gross margin is explained largely by the following factors; first, as expected we had 25 basis points of gross margin contraction due to the impact of Interline. Second, we had 12 basis points of gross margin expansion in our supply chain, driven by lower fuel cost and increased productivity.  For fiscal 2016, we continue to expect our gross margin rate to be about the same as what we reported in fiscal 2015. In the first quarter, operating expense as a percent of sales decreased by 122 basis points to 20.7%. Our expense leverage reflects the impact of positive comp sales growth along with great expense control.  For the year, we now expect our expenses to grow at approximately 35% of our sales growth rate. Our operating margin for the quarter was 13.5%, an increase of 109 basis points from last year. Interest and other expense for the first quarter was $237 million, up $44 million from last year, due primarily to higher long term debt balances.  In the first quarter, our effective tax rate was 36.5% compared to 34.3% in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. Recall that the effective tax rate in the first quarter of last year was favorably impacted by the settlement of a tax audit. For fiscal 2016, we expect our income tax provision rate to be approximately 37%. Our diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $1.44, an increase of 19% from last year.  Now moving to some additional highlights; during the first quarter, we opened one new store in Mexico and we ended the quarter with a store count of 2275, and selling square footage of 237 million. Total sales per square foot for the first quarter was $377, up 6.5% from last year.  Now turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter inventory was $13.2 billion, up $913 million from last year, reflecting both the impact of Interline and the seasonality of our business. Inventory turns were 4.8 times, up one-tenth from the first quarter of last year.  In the first quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion or approximately 9.45 million shares of outstanding stock. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we intend to repurchase approximately $3.75 billion of outstanding stock using excess cash, bringing total anticipated 2016 share repurchases to $5 billion.  Computing on the average of beginning and ending long term debt and equity for the trailing four quarters, return on invested capital was 29.2%, 300 basis points higher than the first quarter of fiscal 2015.  Now turning our attention to the full year, while US GDP forecast had pulled back slightly since we built our 2016 sales plan, we continue to see strength in the housing market, with home price appreciation, housing turnover and helpful formation trending where we thought they would. Sales in the first quarter exceeded our expectations, not just because of favorable weather, but because of higher demand for many of our core product categories.  While we ordinarily don’t raise our sales growth guidance so early in the year, we are going to roll forward some of our first quarter out performance, giving the underlying strength of the business. Further, the US dollar has weakened such that the current spot rate of exchange is now in line with the FX rates we used to build our plan. Because of this, we are going to a single point estimate instead of a range for our 2016 guidance.  From the high end of the guidance range we provided in February, today we are raising our sales and earnings per share growth guidance. We now expect our 2016 sale to grow by approximately 6.3% with comps of approximately 4.9%. For earnings per share, remember that we guide out of [GAAP]. We now expect fiscal 2016 diluted earnings per share to grow approximately 14.8% to $6.27. We thank you for your participation in today’s call. And Derek, we are now ready for questions. 
Carol Tome: And the rest of the outperformance was in building material categories like concrete and pressure treated lumber, so on and so forth. That really is weather driven demand. 
Carol Tome: That’s right. We think we pulled forward two spring related categories $40 million to $50 million. And as you know, I don’t what you’re setting Seth, but as you know in certain parts of the country spring has not yet arrived. So we’re still anticipating a bang up spring quarter.
Carol Tome: Yes, we’re very pleased with the new value proposition that we are offering on our private label card for our Pros. You’ll recall that we are now offering 60 days to pay 365 day return and discounts at the fuel pump. What we’re seeing with our Pros is great receptivity; new accounts are ahead of our sales plan which is great news. But Seth remember that we just rolled this out to all stores in January, so there was no measurable impact to the topline because of this, but we anticipate that to come. 
Carol Tome: Well here’s how we’ve looked at this, we think there was 250 millionish of weather-driven demand. It’s not all seasonal pull forward, this is just activity because of great weather earlier in the quarter, and we’re not rolling that forward, because we anticipated that these were projects that would be completed later in the year and just got done earlier in the year. So we’re not rolling that forward. It will bleed in to Q2, Q3, may be even Q4. 
Carol Tome: So as we think about the shape of the year and this might help for modeling, we now think that the first quarter will be the highest comping quarter, as a result the first half will be slightly higher than the back half of the year, and if you look at the comps that we are projecting for Q2, Q3 and Q4, we expect them to be in the similar range, not a lot of difference in those comp numbers. 
Carol Tome: It’s really the strength across the store, and as you know when we build our sales plan we use our directionally correct but imperfect sales forecasting model which is an economic driven model. We do not build market share gains in to our forecast. As we look at the performance in the first quarter, clearly there were some share shifts. Look at appliance, Ted called it out, appliances contributed 50 basis points of our comp growth in the first quarter. So we are confident with what we saw in the first quarter and what we’re seeing early in May to roll forward the out performance of the first quarter.
Carol Tome: We don’t plan market share as you know, so we believe there were share shifts and that was confirmed by [NAICS] [ph] data that came out that shows that from a census perspective anyway we did grow share. The other thing that we must look at is housing and just from all sorts of things that are happening within the housing market that we haven’t built in to our plan, but we find to be of interest. Here’s the statistic, we’ve seen home equity values increase 94% since 2011. How is that possible? Because home prices are up 25% and people have been continuing to pay down their mortgages. So there’s a wealth affect that’s occurring with home owners. And this wealth effect as we’ve talked at length, if you feel like your home as an investment and no an expense you spend differently in your home, and you can [indiscernible] in our big ticket categories. 
Carol Tome: Well despite [indiscernible] plan considerably in the first quarter, our total expenses were actually $13 million under our plan. That was driven by lower utilities as you would expect because of warmer weather in February, but also we’re not seeing the kind of pressure on medical as we had anticipated. So now for the full year, we anticipate that our expenses will be lower than our original plan, which is helping tick our expense growth faster down from what we have said at 40% to now 35%.
Carol Tome: And again I go back to the housing data, the housing data suggest that home owners still like they have more value than they did before. Look at negative equity, homes with negative equity have dropped from 22% at the beginning of 2012 to now 8.5%. 
Carol Tome: Sure. Our private label credit card is underwritten by a third party and on I’ll do some averages and talk to you about outliners. So for our commercial customers these would be our Pros. The average line of credit is $6600, which seems to adequately meet their needs, but we do have some higher spend Pros. So the third party underwriter will extend larger lines, and we have six [build through] lines to many of our customers who ask for those lines.  Furthermore, if there is a situation where the credit lines tighten up a bit, we have a second look program with another third person provider that will take a second look at the request and up the line of credit. So we have a number of tools in our toolkit to adequately provide the financing requirements of our Pros. The biggest tool is moving to 60 days, because if you think about it, we’re providing working capital support for them. They are going to get paid by their customers before they have to pay us back. 
Carol Tome: We’ll let the customers take us where they take us. We want to grow the Pro and if they need more credit, we’re happy to force them in that effort. In terms of taking it on to our balance sheet, we love the arrangement that we have with our third party underwriter today. 
Carol Tome: Actually in California Governor Brown just released some [water] restructuring, so we think that would be a good mark for our growing business. So our California business is doing quite well. We did have a pop-up store in North Dakota; we popped it up during the height of the [fracking] days. Chris we’re popping that store down. 
Carol Tome: Yeah, the average age of new home buyers last year was 33 years old, that’s the edge of the millennials. So that another proof of age that at some point they want to own a home. 
Carol Tome: If we look at how we reported comps, and I’m talking to the US now, March was reported was 7.7. If you shift it for like-for-like for April that comp would have been a 9.2. April was reported at 4.6, it would have been like-for-like 3.6. 
Carol Tome: And if I could jump in, this sales productivity opportunity is to - as Craig said huge market to plan, lots of room for growth. But if you think about it from pick to drop, we still haven’t fully recovered some of our category. So when I look at productivity still to be recovered special or kitchen, mill work, some of our building materials category still have room to recover from the peak. 
Carol Tome: Peter as you know, our targeted adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 2. We’re slightly under that, we’re about 1.9 today. We like that too as a guardrail. It provides financial flexibility, but more importantly just we can sleep at night because we don’t have too much leverage as a company, and so we like it.  Now it’s not our goal to let that leverage ratio decline, and it will as we earn more. So as you’ve seen us in the past, as the leverage point gets to a certain inflexion point and it infiltrates our selling and so forth, we will raise incremental debt. And you said that to support our share repurchase program. 
Carol Tome: As I said earlier, one reason that we’re confident with our ability to lift the sales for the year is what we’re seeing in May. 
Carol Tome: Well you can look at it through two lenses, first is just call it consumer credit, which may come through bank card or in our case through a private label card. We consumer credit asks are being approved 71% of the time. So that’s a pretty good approval rate. Now I’ll tell you if that was pretty high, its over 700. But that’s a pretty good approval rate and also speak to the type of customers who are shopping inside of our store. And the approval rates of our Pro cards or Pro applicant is about the same. It gets [approval] 70% of the time.  Then you need to look at lending standards and for mortgages and lending standards are changing ever so slowly, it’s like a glacier melting. And you can appreciate it why, because financial institutions have higher capital ratios, it’s very hard to make a buck in this rather straight environment. So you can understand why its slow to move. But we’ve factored that in as we think about where our business may go. And if there were to be easing, our underwriting standards for mortgages that would be good news, because the affordability index if you can get a mortgage the affordability index is something like a 170. That’s awesome. So if you can get it approved, you can afford it. 
Carol Tome: Mike the increase is solely related to the outperformance in the United States. The reason that we are no longer providing a range is that the exchange rate that we use for our plan are now about the same as the current spot rate. So no need to provide a range, but we’re just rolling forward our performance except for weather driven demand. We are rolling over the rest of the outperformance. 
Carol Tome: We factor that in to our longer term forecast, and now this year we believe home prices will be up around 5%. It’s important to note that if not fully recovered even with that 5% and it’s certainly different in different parts of the country. So if we take 5% this year and then we take next year maybe 3%, the year on after that, and so it continues to crack the point because it is just ongoing home price appreciation. 
Carol Tome: Yeah, so we think we’ll generate around $10 billion of cash from the business this year. That includes a slightly improvement in working capital principally in inventory turnover. We’re planning to take our inventory turnover up by [10] in 2016. 
Craig Menear: So obviously with a warm February, we had a great start to the year and we saw outdoor project business in the north very, very strong. The 250 million that we’ve estimated, that is - it’s kind of hard to understand exactly how much of that is pull forward, but that’s - what we’re estimating is the demand that we saw from the weather benefit, we think there is 40ish million or so seasonal product pulled forward. 
Craig Menear: To you point, if somebody was doing a concrete project but maybe they had plan for the summer and they said, hey, look, the grounds not frozen in the north I can do it now, and they do it. It’s hard to tell which quarters it’s come from, but it’s certainly probably the next couple of quarters.
Craig Menear: First of all a comment, the percentage of pickup is around 40% where the customer is choosing the option to pick up their items from homedepot.com in our stores. And as it relates to the delivery, we have piloted the delivery program for a while, we saw mid-single digit growth in deliveries with the pilot, when we went in to additional markets, markets like Atlanta for example. We saw a pretty substantial increase in the customer option to choose that delivery and we’re seeing double digit growth in deliveries. 
Craig Menear: I would say that when you look at the strength of the business, it really comes across the board. We’re really pleased with the mix of both transactions and ticket growth that we had, it’s something we look for in terms of balancing the business. We see the consumer continuing to engage in big ticket sales with transactions above $900, growing at 9.5% in the quarter. So while our Pro business was strong, and we’re pleased to see that, we’re also very pleased to see the growth in our DIY business. So the balance is what really is, is what we’re striving to achieve and we’re seeing that balance across the store. 
Craig Menear: It pretty much is almost everything we sell, whether its online or in store, we’ll be eligible for delivery, and we’ll leverage the supply chain network that we’ve build out to do that in a most cost effective way using our RDCs as flow-through points for product that will come from our distribution points that a customer chooses to have delivered, so definitely a broad approach to the assortment that we carry. 
Craig Menear: First I would say that in our business we have a lot of project business. We have a lot of things that are big and bulky, and so that’s why in many ways we’re seeing significant portion of our customers chose to pick up their products in-store and then potentially have it delivered it from store. We also have Pros, who are interested in having the product deliver from store to their job sites. It saves them time, it saves the runners from to come in to the stores overall. And then candidly, we’ve been doing delivery from store for quite some time, for years, and that’s just part of the overall operating cost of doing the business, and so we approach that on a day in, day out basis as part of operating the business and our value proposition for the customer across product takes out a new account. 
Craig Menear: No, overall we’re really not and the area that we watch most closely is Texas. We have 178 stores in Texas. Texas absolutely outperform the company average in the quarter. I think all major markets in Texas outperformed well. Texas clearly has diversified their economy more so over the past few years, which I think is a benefit. Clearly in western Canada we saw some pressure. As you might imagine not quite as diversified environment there. So we haven’t really seen any major shift. 
Craig Menear: We actually have done a fair amount of research here and it was part of our strategic planning last summer, where we had several groups of millennials work on what Home Depot looks like 8 to 10 years out as well. What our research tells us is that basically this is a delayed cycle, that the millennial generation has many of the same desires that generations prior to them have, we’ve seen as household formation goes up roughly a third or so of those formations are happening with millennials at the tail end of that age group. It appears there’s about a six year delayed cycle here. But our research indicates that in many ways they’ll act the same as previous generations. 
Craig Menear: We haven’t seen the impact of any increase competition in our [finance] business; it’s extremely strong again in the first quarter and that it accelerated as we exited the quarter. We’ve been leaning in to that space as you know, and we’re going to expand the appliance square footage in to another 100 odd stores again this year. So we’re very happy with the results, in fact certain markets some competitors entered the space. We saw significantly higher performance than rest of the country. 
Craig Menear: I don’t think we really have any way of knowing if weather really impacted share. We’re really focused on making sure that we’re driving every day great value for our customers and trying to bring innovative products that solve problems for them. Ted I hope you have any additional comments, but --.
Craig Menear: I would say that as we look at the business, first of all my starting comment would be, we’re planning a $550 billion market all-in now with the addition of Interline and Plain in the MRO space for multi-family hospitality and institutional. And we own less than 20% of that in total. So we think there’s lots of opportunity to grow.  We’ve several initiatives underway and I have both Ann-Marie and Mark Holifield are here. I’ll let them comment, but several initiatives underway to drive productivity as we move forward and coordinated effort between our supply chain and our store operations team. 
Craig Menear: The building material categories in lumber, mill work, those were still as Carol said off our ‘06 peak as we exited last year. And it was nice to see those were some of our strongest departments in the first quarter here in 2016. So it’s nice to see larger project business under way. 
Craig Menear: Yeah, I would say in general, still a good way to think about it. If you think about those things that carry the highest level of risk would be those that are small package, reasonably high value, easy to ship product. So you think categories like power tools, faucets and so on. As Ted called out, we had a tremendous quarter as it related to tool sales. Quite candidly we’re seeing both channels grow in these categories that represent that 25%. We’re staying very focused on driving great value for our customer every day. 
Craig Menear: Not dramatically different. It was slightly stronger in the first quarter, I think we saw more outdoor project business which can have a tendency to be Pro related if you’re doing things like concrete. 
Craig Menear: We look at all factors when we put together our plans. Clearly we are aware that this was possible to come, that’s factored in to our guidance. 
Craig Menear: The lessons learned would be that our anticipation that we have a customer who has come and made across both businesses would be a clearer learning. The desire for the customer whether it’s an Interline customer to fill in and shop at The Home Depot and/or customers who are shopping in The Home Depot to have a desire to buy through Interline is there. We’re pleased with it, I’ll ask Bill if you have any other comments. 
Craig Menear: I think the way we’d look at it and the important factor is, is when home values are positive it’s a good thing for our business. Clearly the customer knew to recover the value of their homes. We’ve seen that recovery obviously take place and improve for a large portion of customers. But as long as home value stay positive it’s a good thing. For years and years home value has grown on an average in the low single digit 1%, 2%, 3%. 
Craig Menear: I don’t know that we did in 2006, but I can tell you that for the last seven or eight, maybe seven years it’s been pretty comparable to that. And I think the other factor to consider is when we look at 2006 and look at kind of peak performance, in our own minds we’re not sure what the peak really was, because in 2006 we actually had negative transactions. We were firing customers. And so we don’t know that we actually - we assume we didn’t actually peak in 2006 the way we should have. 
