Craig Menear: No. Simeon, I’d say, yeah, the housing environment continues to remain very strong. So, it’s only strengthened I think from last year and the current shortage of new housing clearly is helping to drive improvements in the home values, which is a good thing for spending in the home.
Craig Menear: Let me share with you. I mean, clearly, the first quarter performance was stronger than what we anticipated. We did not think that we would deliver a 30% comps. And as it relates to the framework that we provided, Richard, you might want to speak to the framework.
Craig Menear: Well, Michael, we just -- we can’t extrapolate results to future periods. It’s just too difficult to predict how the environment might evolve and how the consumer’s response to that might evolve. When you look at the progression from March and April, and you just -- you think about stimulus impact, it’s very difficult to quantify the impact from stimulus. What we do know is that of the $402 billion that the government announced would be paid directly to individuals as part of the American Rescue Plan. Of that $402 billion, $325 billion of it hit bank accounts in March. And so while we can’t quantify the exact impact, it probably did have some sort of impact on that March to April progression.
Craig Menear: Mike, when you think about we’re at post-World War II housing availability. So two months of supply versus historical average of six that that situation won’t be resolved in near-term, it’s going to take time for that to be resolved. So I think that supports home values and the continued growth in home values, which we know. As home values grow, people feel good about investing in their home overall. So that alone is, I think, a very positive outlook for home improvement as you move forward.
Craig Menear: I mean, we -- again, we look at this as a total and run this as a portfolio, because it’s so interconnected. And if you look at the data, it appears that we’ve picked up about 170 points in share overall based on the March data that was put out by the government.
Craig Menear: And Michael, as you think of last year in the first quarter, the interest in buy online pickup in store and we stood up curbside again our customers chose to shop that way in a contactless or is least contact as possible in the early days of the pandemic. So that’s returning to some more natural run rates.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I mean, we are seeing customer engagement in all segments of our business, and when you -- we shared that through the progression of the last four quarters. Our Pro business has been strengthening as customers get more comfortable having folks in their home. Our services business has been strengthening for three quarters consecutively in a row now. Those are all big ticket drivers. And then as Ted called out, innovation has been a driver of expansion in our ticket, as well as inflation. And Ted, I don’t know if you have any other comment.
Craig Menear: Well, the lumber environment is certainly unique and in the way we’re thinking about it right now. Chuck, it’s really a storm environment. It’s very tough to look at traditional elasticities. Certainly prices are up, as I referenced in the call, sheet of OSB is quadrupled in price and it’s up even more since the end of our fiscal quarter. But at the same time, demand has kept pace. And when we bring the product into the store itself and the mills are at capacity. We have plenty of wood fiber in the supply chain. The relative bottleneck is in the sawmill cutting capacity. We don’t see a lot of capacity coming online. So we’re probably not going to see a lot of finished lumber product in distribution. So as soon as that product hits our stores, it sells, certainly prices up and you would think there’d be a supply and demand in our traditional elasticity equation there, but it’s hard to determine the impact given the storm nature of the demand.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I mean, the focus of the capabilities that we’re building out is to be able to expand our reach into the pool of customer. We’ve been very strong over the years with the smaller Pro and the unplanned purchase with a larger Pro. And what we’re building is capabilities to actually extend into that planned purchase and we’re seeing that beginning to play out. So we’re very -- we are pleased with what we’re seeing in the early stages.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I mean, we really don’t have data as it relates to what we think the growth in the market is, that’s a pretty tough number to come by at this point.
Craig Menear: I mean, obviously, we play in a big market straight out of the blocks. It’s a $600 plus billion market in the MRO space that we play in, which is largely focused on multi-family as another $55 billion. So, but I have no way of knowing how much that’s expanded as a result of pandemic.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I -- honestly we have not taken the time to try to break that out in this demand environment. So, I really couldn’t give you a breakdown on that. We know that repair and remodel is the essence of what our business is all about. And then, of course, we’re there to help customers fulfill their dreams in terms of updating their homes. And clearly over the last year as customers who spend more time in their homes, they’ve told us that our home has never more important than it is today. And many of those customers like myself, we have to see a whole lot of things that needed to be done around the home and they’ve been going after that. When times got difficult in 2007and 2008, repair became more important than remodel. But we’re certainly not in that kind of environment today. So I just don’t have any way of knowing that expansion by those breakdowns at this point.
Craig Menear: Yeah. That business is in the 4% to 5% range of [Technical Difficulty] We are very pleased with the results that we have seen in that business and we think we can do that without getting...
Craig Menear: So the category that was not 20% was paint. We are very pleased with the performance in paint, but last year I think everyone stayed home and painted. So we had incredibly tough compares. So we didn’t quite hit the 20% mark. Overall on what’s accelerating, I would say, continued outdoor living has been very strong. So if all of you are interested in things like grills in patio sets, those are going to be in shorter supply as we get into the spring, because the demand is incredibly strong and things like patio. We do a fixed buy because most of that is important and we had to make the decision on the buy level quite some time ago. So that’s been particularly strong.
Craig Menear: If you think about it from a ticket standpoint, the ticket is being driven by multitude of things. Yes, there is inflation and we’ve been able to pass-through. But again, it’s also driven by the fact that our Pro business strength drives a higher average ticket. Our service business drives a higher average ticket and so there is a number of factors that drove the ticket strength overall in the business, innovation within categories. So as you continue to expand and grow in cordless capability and outdoor power equipment, for example. The average price in a lawnmower that is a cordless versus gas is significantly higher. All of that contributes to driving the growth in ticket.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I mean, as you know, we converted part of our COVID expense into permanent labor cost in the November timeframe of 2020, and so obviously, all of that is in the performance that we just delivered. As it relates to labor in total, we’re -- this is spring, we’re hiring up, we’ve been able to hire more folks this year than last year, even though we were ramping last year to cover the demand and so that’s something that we work on a week-to-week basis to be flexible and agile right now is incredibly important. And the two areas that we’re focused on, not knowing exactly how all this will play out is, inventory flow and labor. Those are the two things that we’re focused on. Both the relatively short cycle planning and so that’s really what we’re trying to make sure we can cover the demand that’s out there.
Craig Menear: I mean, there is always variances by market and some markets are more challenging than others in any given year. But as I said, we’ve actually hire more folks this year than we did last year.
Richard McPhail: No. I mean, when we look at the business overall, we interconnected, we manage as a portfolio approach and 55% of the orders are flowing through our stores. And then as it relates to the structure in Pro, we’ve shared in the past and you look at Pro in total, Pro is a very similar margin profile to the DIY customer, when you’re looking at a complete project and so that’s -- yeah, really nothing there that’s dramatically different.
Richard McPhail: Sure. And just to remind everyone, we actually, at the end of the fourth quarter last year, we felt unable to provide an outlook due to level of uncertainty in the environment. So we did not provide an outlook. We did feel that given the significance of non-recurring expenses in 2020, we could provide our view on our margin profile at a hypothetical level of sales. So, looking forward, we continue to believe that the environment and the consumer response to it is difficult to predict. With respect to Q1, we’re very pleased with the operating expense leverage and earnings flow through that we drove. And we’re going to keep operating the business with discipline and keep a focus on driving operating expense leverage.
Richard McPhail: Michael, I’d say, why we really can’t extrapolate to future periods. The one thing that we’re very encouraged about is when you look at the overall kind of backdrop for home improvement on a longer term basis, we feel very good about that.
Richard McPhail: Well, what I’d say, as you know, the reason that we laid out the 14% was because we knew that we were coming to a year where COVID expenses were rolling off and investment expenses were rolling off. And so that was going to be -- and is the first year where we said look we’re returning back to operating expense leverage that you can see in the P&L. We feel like we delivered that in Q1. We’re very happy with the operating expense leverage and the flow-through relative to sales. And like we said, we’re going to keep operating with discipline and we’re going to drive operating expense leverage just as we intended. Margin will be a function of sales volume, obviously, but we’re pleased with the relationship in Q1.
Richard McPhail: Well, so versus last year, again, just to recap, we were -- we saw a decrease of approximately 10 basis points in gross margin, 35 of which were from the increased penetration of lumber in our sales and so the net of that obviously shows margins up. There is no doubt there is cost pressure in the economy and in our environment, but hats off to our merchants and our supply chain for managing through that. And Ted, maybe I’ll turn to you for a little bit of color.
Richard McPhail: Well, with respect to sales, we’re not going to extrapolate what we’ve seen into the future. Obviously, there is a degree of uncertainty on how the consumer is going to respond this year. I’ll just say it again, Greg, when you compare the first quarter of this year to the first quarter of last year and you adjust for non-recurring expenses, we feel very pleased with the operating expense leverage that we drove and the flow-through that we drove at this level of volume.
Richard McPhail: It was also driven by project nature of the business. The innovation that the merchants have brought to the market.
Ted Decker: And just to kind of talk about e-commerce. E-commerce is a capability. It is not a business. And so I think it’s very important to always look at the top level demand in the environment and what we’ve delivered. So we don’t break the business down like that. We intend to be there for the customer. However they’d like to shop. There’s been a lot of a dynamism in that as we work to the last 12 months, but we are satisfied that we’ve been there for them and it’s -- as Craig said, it’s because of the investments we made in interconnected retail over the last few years.
Ted Decker: Yeah. I think it also speaks to projects. Again, people are engaged in projects and they’re engaged in projects across the whole store. So with projects comes basket and ticket and we’re certainly enjoying that.
Ted Decker: Well, just I think you, one of the other reasons that we laid out a hypothetical was because it is harder to read through on a one year or a two-year comparison in operating expense because of the fact that we were still in the middle of an investment program in 2019 and exiting it at the end of 2020. So, again, the best comment I can give is we were very happy with Q1 and how we drove operating expense leverage and flow-through.
Ted Decker: Yeah. I’d say, Chris, on the stimulus situation, it’s all consumer demand, whether it is the Pro buying for the consumer, because the consumer is doing something or the consumer buying for the Pro. So we kind of look at it as total demand.
Ted Decker: Well, the two-year stack plainly is the consumer is outgrew the Pro modestly on a two-year basis. But I don’t know that that provides information that’s more helpful than saying that the Pro has come back to the job site, demand seems to be in a potentially more easily fulfilled through the Pro than it was a year ago. But like Craig said, I think you have to look at topline demand. Ultimately, this is all or almost all consumer demand that is being fulfilled in different ways. So if anything we’re happy with the fact that the Pro seems to be -- it seems to have easier access to the job site and is getting to the job site easier.
Ted Decker: No. The merchants in the supply chain team did a fantastic job. Over the years we’ve built tools and processes that give us some terrific visibility in great partnership with our finance teams. And as Craig has always said, we run the business as a portfolio and we’re a project business and we’re always looking to provide the best value to our customers on a project basis. Having said that, we certainly saw transportation pressure shrink on a relative basis was slightly improved, but we are still seeing shrink pressure. And then we’re seeing some commodity as in lumber in non-commodity cost pressures, but the team has worked through that. Believe it or not, there is still cost out in the portfolio, so we still work on cost out and optimization of supply chain flows. And given the strong demand, we were -- our promotional cadence was slightly higher than last year, there were some early spring participation that we had completely canceled last year. And so we were up in some activity on promotions. The overall level of promotions in any required clearance activity was down meaningfully. So that is what gave the balance of the offset of the cost and mix pressures.
Ted Decker: Yes. We are very happy with our overall customer portfolio both DIY, Pro and aging in capabilities. While I won’t give any specific numbers in breakouts, I can tell you that our customer files of both Pro and consumer have grown to help those file are very strong with a repurchase rate of developed customers growing faster than the new customers. So the new customers gain last year, we’ve been able to keep package in our media with that terrific rates. In our Pro customers, I will let Bill Lennie comment on the activity we’re seeing and engagement with our Pro customers with our B2B website, delivery capabilities, our new loyalty program, all of those are also adding to the stickiness of the Pro customer.
Ted Decker: Well, at the end of Q4 last year, we announced that our strategic investment program that stretch from 2018 to 2020 was materially complete. And so going forward, our stance is that we will look to invest approximately 2% of sales every year in the form of CapEx. There’ll be associated expense with that, but I would just consider that part of our expense structure going forward.
Ted Decker: Yes. It literally week-on-week, it’s gone up and as we sit last week framing and panel are effectively quadrupled in the market index pricing, and again, each of those went up last week.
Karen Short: All right. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions on the market in general, I’m wondering if you could frame how big you think the DIY market is versus the Pro market during -- I guess post-pandemic versus pre-pandemic. And then I had another slightly different angle on a different question.
Karen Short: Okay. And then, Richard, I am going to ask a question on the actual that 14% framework that you had given and I realized that was just an attempt to give a framework. But when you look at your sales growth this quarter versus your EBIT growth, EBIT grew more than double sales growth, whereas when I look at prior quarters even if I add back COVID costs you won’t be kind of had it like 10% spread. So I’m wondering if that is the right relationship to think about going forward, especially because even in 1Q, as you noted, you had higher bonus accruals.
Karen Short: Yeah. I understand that. I mean it’s all a function of sales, but it just -- it is definitely a much wider gap on the two, because it would imply full year numbers are way too low depending on however that -- how that relationship continues.
