Craig Menear: So, Michael, let me make a couple of comments, and I’ll turn it over to Carol. So, first of all, when you look at the overall macro factors that we think are critical to how we line up our business, those have largely remained unchanged. And so, we feel good about the fact that the consumer has wages up about 3% year-over-year, consumer confidence is still high. So, the general trend that we see in the macro base and how we did our plans really hasn’t changed much. And we feel pretty good about that. And then, when you think about going forward in the business, when we looked at commodity, hurricane and May and then compared that to where we were at the end of the quarter, we feel good about the guidance that we have.
Craig Menear: Michael, I guess the last comment that I’d have on it, if the consumer softened in any way, I’ll bet on this team all day long to go after the business.
Craig Menear: What we said in earlier statements that we believe that we will achieve about a 1% impact in the back half of the year from the investments that we are making. When you took GDP, the housing benefit, and then added in the investments, that’s how we got to our growth overall. And the only thing that changed from that for all practical purposes is the deflation of lumber.
Craig Menear: So, the one comment I’d make as it relates to kind of the year, we're expecting positive comps in Canada for the year, if that helps.
Craig Menear: It's by category. So there's some categories that have the ability to extend and we're seeing that in the business right now. And so, you capture that. There are some where you don't recover all of that business. You might get part of it, but not all of it. So, it really varies by category. So, if you think about, depending on when the weather takes place, you may or may not get pre-emergent business back, for example, and this year, we didn't get that back.
Craig Menear: So, first I’d answer with exterior stains. So, Behr is the -- the weather improved and we did the reset quickly last year and much more comprehensively this year, again with the number one and number two graded exterior stain with PPG product. We saw great performance in our exterior stain business. On interior paint, interior paint has gotten more promotional in the marketplace. We have folks out there advertising in print and on media as much as 40% off. At Home Depot, we have, as was just released with the third party agencies, we have the absolute best paint in marketplace. Behr paint holds the top three slots in its ratings in two different surveys. And we are not going to fall into a high-low promotional trap when we have the best product at the best everyday value. And as you know in the finance community, just speaking of promotional cadence, I can remember there was a lot of talk about breaking the buck in the money market world. And we had a 3 times a year promotional cadence in paint of $10 off a gallon and $40 off 5 gallons in the major holidays of the year. Some of our competitors chose to break the buck, and we're not going to do that.
Craig Menear: As we -- as I mentioned, we have number of models that we are working right now. And it varies by category. There is elasticity variance by category, and that changes over time as well. And the work that we’ve done, we’ve been able to actually cover the total top line sales in the models that we have out there. And when you think about laundry because we have referenced that from the past, as time has gone by, laundry was actually our highest unit comping category in appliances last quarter.
Craig Menear: So, I’d say, first comment I make, I'll turn it over to Ann, is right now, our issues aren’t around necessarily connecting the B2B website to that from a digital experience. That will come at a later date. This is all about the investments that we're making right now in the physical locations.
Craig Menear: So, on the price side, and I'll let Ted give details. The innovation that comes into the assortments, certainly has a positive impact overall on our business as it relates to the ticket.
Craig Menear: And to your question, impact to margin. As we sell more innovative product and the customer steps themselves lot off that line structure it drives a higher gross margins dollar. It may not change rate, but it drives the higher gross margin dollar, which is what the most important thing is.
Craig Menear: No, our inventory is all about the investments that we’re making in the accelerated resets for the large part. So, it has nothing to do with that.
Carol Tomé: I’ll give you little bit more color there, Michael. So, the implied back half comp in the guidance that we just gave you is around 5%. If you look at our reported comp in the second quarter in the U.S., it was a 3.1% comp. If you add back the impact of hurricane-related sales, that’s 50 basis points of hurt. If you add back the weather-driven demand, softness that we saw in May, that was 40 basis points of hurt. And then, you heard us talk about commodity being 100 basis points. So, when you add that back, actually the normalized comp in the second quarter was 5%. Then, you heard us talk about the comp cadence and we exited July quite strong on an adjusted basis, the comp in the U.S was 4.7%. And then, I look at our -- how we are performing relative to plan, and we are on our plan. So, you add up all the data points and it suggests that comp guidance is very achievable. And the other way to look at it is just stack the comps. You stack the comps for the first half of this year against last year, stack the second half what we reported and what we are guiding to, the stack is about the same in most of the half. So, every way we look at it, we feel very good about the guidance that we’ve given.
Carol Tomé: That’s exactly what I mean. The beauty of our business is that we see sales on our phone; we can know exactly how we're doing by the minute. So, that’s very different than that leading indicator of remodeling activity report that you just mentioned, which is based on a biannual survey of housing data coming out of that [ph]. We have real data at our fingertips. So, we feel good about the performance.
Carol Tomé: So, it’s a relatively loopy [ph]. So, I -- talked to expenses, and as we told you, we expect our expenses on a 52-week to 52-week basis, excluding the write-down that we took for some trade names that we’re no longer using. We told you that our expense growth factor would be 90% for the year. For the first half, it was around 73%. So, it will be a little bit higher in the back half, and quarter-over-quarter expect Q4 is higher than Q3. On the gross margin side, as we indicted, our gross margin -- it won’t be as low as we had anticipated at the beginning of the year because of the penetration shift in lumber. So, we will be slightly higher than our original guide, our original guide was to be flat or that was at 34% for the year as you move forward. So, it won't be down as much. So, the second half margin will be down as much as the first half.
Carol Tomé: Couple of things to think about when we think about the second half comp. First, as you know, we’re lapping $800 million of hurricane-related sales of which $500 million occurred in the first half, $300 million in the back half. So, the hurricane sales overlap is easier. Secondly, on lumber price deflation, let's just use the number of $800 million to make it simple, about $500 million of that occurred in the first half, so $300 million will occur in the back half. So, it is easier too. Then, we have the impact…
Carol Tomé: And Craig, just to add a couple of points from just driving the customer experience as well. Number one, you mentioned rental. We’re continuing to see growth accelerate from half to half. So, the investments we’re making there are really driving exponential value. And so, we’re going to continue to lean in there. To the points about driving the event in the second half, when we think about our comp cadence, we kind of talked about overhead management and/or ability to find the product and get on-shelf availability to a very, very high level is driving incremental performance. And for us, as we think about the investments, not only to getting the product on the shelf, is how do we get the customers to the store. So, we have done 450 frontend transformations. We have heard the numbers that we have seen, just the customer experience grow across the board. We’re going to have over 800 by the end of the year. And so, we’re able to deliver this performance by not only transforming our business, but making sure that our focus is simple and direct and drive into where the customer expects us to be. So, we’ll continue to drive through that in the second half of the year and leverage the event to drive exponential depreciated performance.
Carol Tomé: Well, Simeon, we haven’t updated that recession model. Productivity is a virtuous cycle at The Home Depot. But for modeling, purposes, I reviewed the same numbers that we shared with you before. And just on the sort of the state of the economy and when a recession might happen, we certainly can’t predict that. But, we know a few things. We are in the longest economic recovery in our nation’s history. And yet the amount of growth during this recovery is still under the average of every other recovery industry. So, this is one reason why it’s been an elongated cycle. Further, share of housing as a percent of GDP has dropped, it’s about 19% of GDP. Back in 2006, it was about 22% GDP. So, whenever that downturn comes and it will, it is a cyclical economy. But, whenever that downturn comes, it’s not going to be like it was before. So, we’re very well positioned to manage through all that.
Carol Tomé: You are right. It’s loaded into the back half. And the way that we’ve modeled it based on events as well as the completion of resets that you’ve heard from Ted is that that the fourth quarter comp will be higher than third quarter, definitely.
Carol Tomé: On the macro model, yes, things are moving around a little bit, but it’s just on the margin. So, there is no material change to the inputs that create the output and drive our sales plan. To your question about the coastal markets, I’ll just give you some data. Let’s take San Francisco down the coast; the cost was higher than the Company average. Let's take San Diego little further south; comp was at the Company average. Let's take New Jersey, which is a high south state, the comps were higher than the company average. And then, let’s just land in Dallas. Dallas has seen a 54% increase in home prices since 2006 and it comped above the Company average. You can see things are performing the way that we thought they would.
Carol Tomé: I don’t feel good about answering those questions because we don’t like to give you too much quarterly information....
Carol Tomé: The question is what happens to the U.S. dollar, and we plan it currency neutral. So, you can model what you think is going to happen to the dollar and do that calculation. So, on the expense side on a reported basis, because of the extra week that expenses growth guidance on a GAAP basis looked really bloated. [Ph] And that's the only way to explain it It’s going to look really bloated. We're going to ignore that extra week. I think the best thing to do is just work within the annual guidance that we’ve given you, look at it on a daily 52-week to 52-week basis, and you can back into what the fourth quarter looks like.
Carol Tomé: Well, it certainly has moderated from what we saw last year. What we are very excited about is the productivity that we’re seeing in our upstream supply chain. Our supply chain team has done a great job of mechanizing our upstream facilities. We actually -- well, I called out 2 basis points of pressure in the gross margin comps -- supply chain upstream. Upstream, we leveraged, we leveraged 6 basis points. So, tremendous, we leverage productivity in supply chain.
Carol Tomé: I’m happy to. With the lower penetration of lumber in the second quarter, it gave us 15 basis points of margin expansion. But, that was absorbed by growth in lower margin categories, like appliances as well as portable power. We love our portable power sales, but we don’t make a lot of money on it. So...
Carol Tomé: Thank you. Absolutely, Ted. Thank you for that. So, as we look to the back half of the year, we would expect lumber to stay down as we’ve talked about, not much as you saw in the first half, but down, which will give us some benefit for the back half as well for the year.
Carol Tomé: Yes. We are on our plan with regard to both the expense and capital in support of our strategic investments.
Carol Tomé: So, lumber deflation, I said was 110 basis points. And then, we had another 10 basis points of inflation, if you will, from the other commodities categories that we call out from time to time. 
Carol Tomé: And we’re probably not giving you the information that maybe you wanted, but I think it’s been an interest statistics to look at the acceleration in our big ticket. This has been underlying sign of health in the business. This is unadjusted. Big ticket grew 1.5% in May, 4.1% in June and 5.3% in July. 
Carol Tomé: Just on the point on deceleration, it’s a fiscal calendar shift thing. So, that’s not a comp number; that’s a growth number.
Ted Decker: Yes. On the resets, we've been working on our appliance resets and our tools sales for some time. Those two businesses continue to post incredibly strong results, and we don't see that changing in the back half. More recently, we've been working through our pipe isle reset, which is going extremely well through about half the chain this year and that adds holding power and room for some new assortment programs. And then, soft flooring, I mentioned in our prepared remarks, for a while there you thought, hey, is soft flooring losing all ground to hard surface flooring, what we’ve seen in solid core vinyl and tile. But resetting all of our soft carpet showrooms, those are done. We simplified our brand structure. We simplified our line structure and pricing structures. That has continued to accelerate through the quarter and exited the quarter at much higher than the Company comp. So, we're happy with what we’ve seen in soft flooring. And then, lastly, our largest reset to come, which we've just launched in the last several weeks, and will finish the entire chain by the end of this year, is our new color solution center in our paint department where we’d be highlighting our Behr and PPG products, and really pleased with that. The timing couldn’t be better. We read a number of recent consumer surveys and consumer testing agencies, release the new winners for this year and Behr captured the top three paint products in the entire industry at the best value, and PPG posted the two top stain products at the best value. So, we’re very excited about all those resets.
Ted Decker: Yes. I’d say on the cost side, I couldn’t be happier with our partnership with finance team, the accounting team, our assortment planning team. We have data of country, of origin in potential tariff impact literally down to skew. So, we know exactly what are on various lists, when the tariff impacts will hit. We even know that through our retail accounting into when the impacts hit in our P&L. So, thank you very much to the great partnership with the finance team. As Craig said, on a macro perspective, through phase 4, and phase 4 only being a 10%, it’s a potential impact of about 2% of our U.S. sales. Now, with a number of activities that we’re working with the merchants between negotiations with our supplier base taking into account things like currency, trends for pricing in the United States, value engineering, we’re embarking upon with our suppliers, with customer-backed research if you have marginal dollar to put into the product, where you put it, the best customer value. And then, we’re starting to see significant supply chain. I would say, on the margin, I'm not aware of a single supplier who is not moving some form of manufacturing outside of China. So, we have suppliers moving production to Taiwan, to Vietnam, to Thailand, Indonesia and even back into the United States. So, when you net all of that out, we see this 2ish-percent impact being much, much less, call it something like 1%. And then, as Craig said, it’s up to the merchant team to work with our overall portfolio approach to the business and project approach to the business to see how best if at all, there we pass on any of those net impacts to our customers.
Ted Decker: Yes. And I would say from taking aside lumber and tariffs, from a pure commodity standpoint, we had quite a bit of pressure on back half of last year, first part of this year that subsided. So, commodity prices generally versus a year ago, if you think of steel, resin, base metals et cetera are actually down. So, that pressure on the outfit has subsided. To Craig’s point, most of our pricing increases are mix-driven in the sense that customers are trading up to more innovative, higher price goods, we break out the components of our average unit retail increase, which has increased. By far the largest driver of that in Q2 as well as the past several quarters is from new product introductions which are higher price points because of innovation, think of cordless lawnmowers versus push gas mowers. On tariffs, we have a number of tests going on across the country, nothing of any sort of magnitude to say in the quarter, we’re taking price broadly at this point because of tariffs. But we are testing a number of things in our mixes and portfolio approach across the country.
