Craig Menear: Simeon, as we shared last December, everything we’re doing in terms of the investments that we’re putting into the business is to be able to position us to outgrow the market for the long-term and the whole objective behind that is to be able to drive incremental op margin dollar and bottomline growth. That’s really the focus that we have. We’re not -- we’re really not worried about how the basis points or rate falls. This is all about incremental op margin dollar growth.
Craig Menear: I mean, it’s really so uncertain. We don’t know the answer to that, which is why we can’t really extrapolate current performance to future performance. What we do know is, again, the home has never been more important to the customer. We’re all spending lots of time there. We’re seeing things that need to be done or things that you want to be done. There’s additional wear and tear, and we’re clearly seeing the customer engaged in a very strong way right now. The most important thing for us, as we think about the future going forward, is we operate in key areas on a pretty short cycle. So think labor planning, think inventory planning. Those are short cycle activities for us and that’s what we’re really focused on. How do we remain flexible and adjust? Assuming that, they are asking thing as we had really unbelievable demand for multiple quarters or multiple months in a row. As Richard shared the quarterly, monthly comps and the team was able to react to that and that’s really what we’re focused on being able to do.
Craig Menear: …promotions, though, we’ll continue to have promotions and events, but they will continue to be modified. So when you think at the beginning of the year, our Spring Black Friday event and Memorial event, we essentially cancelled those. We had a modified more modest 4th of July event where there was some promotion not as deep. There was some in-store activation in our event spaces. I would say, going forward, we continue to have modest modified events, but a net benefit with promotions.
Craig Menear: Yeah. Karen, on the e-comm business, again, we’re not going to split out the cohort in terms of the numbers, but what I’ll tell you is that, we saw a great engagement with both the Pro and the DIY customer, and we’re seeing accelerated engagement, as Ted called out, with the capabilities that we have with both the Pro and the DIY customer, and so we’re very, very pleased with that and tremendous growth there. And we really believe that the current environment has allowed us to accelerate the exposure, the capabilities we’ve built in a tremendous way. So we’re very, very pleased. That -- it’s the project nature of the business for both the Pro and the DIY customer that’s driving, helping to drive the growth in the e-comm world. When you think about doing a project, customer’s blending the physical and digital worlds, we have an expanded assortment in the digital world. As Ted called out, when it comes to completing a room, our HD Home categories of completion, we’re seeing tremendous growth there as the customer purchases that product online. That obviously has a tendency to be more DIY-oriented as they complete their room. But we’re super pleased with what we’re seeing with both the Pro and the DIY customer.
Craig Menear: Just continued interest with our customers both Pro and DIY to engage with innovative products and it certainly can be tools, but it can also be pressure-treated lumber with higher efficacy. It can be stain resistance carpeting, I mean it’s really across the business where we offer benefits and attributes to our product and the customer shows a willingness to trade up to that.
Craig Menear: Yeah. We -- really the strength we had in the business was throughout the categories, as well as throughout our geographies. And when you think about, Ted talked about the fact that, every single category of goods was double-digit with the exception of high-single digits in kitchen and bath, which is a pretty invasive indoor type category. We were super pleased with that performance and that growth in the second quarter. And when we look at it on a geography basis, for example, every single region all top 40 markets were double-digit crop growth.
Craig Menear: I mean, we -- at this point, as I said earlier, we’re looking at what’s customer behavior, what’s the sentiment, we’re monitoring that incredibly closely. We are -- we operate on short cycle and the things are most critical for that, which is our labor planning and inventory planning. And we really don’t know how to extrapolate from where we are to what the future is. What we know is, we have to rely on the capabilities that we’ve built to be flexible and to adjust to be able to deal with whatever gets thrown at us and that’s really what our focus is, Chuck.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I think a significant portion of the change was in terms of the constraints that we put on the business in Q1, which were pretty severe. I mean, when you close down 25% of your customer facing hours, that’s going to have an impact. And when you kill all of your spring promotions and major events that historically drive big amounts of traffic to the stores, that’s going to have an impact. We obviously continue to learn and adjust based on the learning and feedback from our field teams and that’s really what we’ve done and made the adjustments that I called out in my proposed remarks in the second quarter and that certainly helped contribute to driving transaction growth.
Craig Menear: Look, when you run 20% plus comps, you certainly put pressure throughout the supply chain network from vendor community through our own supply chain. So certainly there’s pressure there. What I would tell you is, again, as Richard called out, with 20% comps for each of the months in a row and every single week during the quarter being double-digit growth north of 20%, the team was able to adjust and to adapt to that and did a terrific job, for sure.
Craig Menear: Let me start with one comment and that is if you back out our garden business, our seasonal business, we were north of 20% comps even with that backed out. So this isn’t a quarter that was dependent upon our seasonal business. And I’ll let Ted share some color on how we’re seeing the engagement indoor.
Craig Menear: And again, we saw in all of our top 40 markets double-digit growth and it’s one of the most narrow performances we’ve seen by region, by market, in quite some time.
Craig Menear: So, look, in terms of the overall benefit from stimulus, hard to quantify. But we have to believe that there are some -- when customers have more money in their pocket, there is some benefit to that. So, we don’t kid ourselves to think that that didn’t have some kind of impact. But, clearly, the customer is engaged around their home and looking to get things fixed, looking to take on projects as they have time to be able to do that.
Richard McPhail: Michael, thanks for the question. So for the quarter, the most significant influence were really the cancellations of annual events during the quarter. If you look at the pressures again, as we stated, there was some pressure from mix and from shrink. But really those pressures were consistent with what we expected at the beginning of the year and what we saw in Q1. As you know, shrink is a -- an item that we have pushed a few initiative towards last year and this year. Those efforts are ongoing. We will see benefits from that over time. It takes a while for that to work our way through the system. But again, shrink and mix, those components really worked out where we expected they would have even at the beginning of the year.
Richard McPhail: Thanks for the question, Steven. So if you take a look at the approximately $480 million that we invested in enhanced benefits in the quarter, you take a look at that and say about $360 million of it would represent spend on benefits that continue into the third quarter with the vast majority of that $360 million being in the form of weekly bonuses to associates. The remainder of that -- the remaining $120 million that we expensed in Q2 represented benefits like enhanced overtime pay that have not continued into the third quarter. So again, of that second quarter about $360 million continues in the third quarter. It’s worth pointing out that in a 23% comp environment, there are more hours. There are more associates eligible for those weekly bonuses. We certainly were not planning at the beginning of the quarter for a 25% or 23% comp environment. So that number is going to naturally be a little bit higher in Q2 because of that. So that’s the breakdown of our associate expense. And it’s something that we review on a continuous basis. We think that that expense was prudent and appropriate in the second quarter, and we’ll continue to review it as circumstances develop.
Richard McPhail: Well, on lumber we called out a commodity benefit in Q2 of 61 basis points. Now lumber in the last several weeks of the quarter and into the first two weeks of this quarter has hit all time record highs, each of framing and panel are over $700. They are up essentially about 115% DIY. But I would say, a big piece of that was when COVID started. None of us knew where this was going to go and the mills took a conservative approach and largely backed off harvesting trees and cutting logs. That product started up again about mid-quarter of Q2 and we’re starting to see much better flow in lumber. So I’m not going to predict lumber prices, but with more supply coming into the marketplace, hopefully, we’re going to tame these $700 levels. Although, we do have substantial support with housing and all the projects that Craig referred to, certainly, in pressure-treated decking, just a robust decking boom, but we should see some moderation, but the unit demand, even with these higher prices has remained double-digit and incredibly strong, so to strengthen the Q3, certainly right now, but where it shakes out ultimately in margin not certainly.
Richard McPhail: And Karen, you asked about market share, obviously, market share is hard to calculate for us, only as good as the public data we have at our fingertips. But if you do look at census data and you look the next categories where we compete 444 and 4441. This space has grew significantly in the low-teens. We obviously grew much faster than our space. So we captured considerable share we believe based on publicly available data.
Richard McPhail: Thanks, Scot. It actually was not supply chain or demand. It was a function of really two factors. And I think the headline here is, if you normalize for these two effects, June and July looked almost identical from a comp perspective. So, the first element here was our pullback on event, own events, annual events, which had a greater impact in July than for June. And the second dynamic here was that we saw an earlier start to hotter temperatures in June than we saw last year. So there were some comp benefit in categories like ACs and fans in June versus July when you do the year-over-year compare. So again, when you look at those two months and you make those adjustments, they were almost identical from a comp perspective and that’s carried on to the first two weeks of the third quarter.
Richard McPhail: Sure. So, I’d say, first of all, we don’t see the need to spend any more than we originally planned. It’s simply the dynamic of pushing spend into ‘21 as we make sure that we’re focused on safety in our stores. So just to give you a little bit of context, think about our capital plan for the year, which is around $2.8 billion, we might defer several hundred million, probably, less than $0.5 billion that could be pushed into next year. Depending on the size of that deferral, 2021 CapEx may look more similar to 2020 levels. And from an expense perspective the deferral is lower than the capital deferral.
Richard McPhail: Sure. On the expense portion of our investment program, obviously, we are operating in a very dynamic environment. It’s not going to -- the shift is not going to be material to the company, but again, we’re managing that as circumstances warrant. With respect to PPE, we incurred costs of approximately $110 million with respect to associates and customer safety. The majority of that were related to masks and PPE. That expense became material in the second quarter as we mandated them for our associates and our customers. And we’ve become more efficient in the distribution of those masks, so that this expense is going to moderate in the third quarter.
Richard McPhail: And with respect to the COVID environment, we’ve really found no relationship between COVID case counts and sales performance.
Ted Decker: And I would say, clearly, with the numbers online effectively doubling that business in the second quarter, increasing penetration over 14%. As you can imagine, every metric is positive. The traffic across all our properties, the active customers, the app downloads, the conversion rates all very, very strong. Our actual active customers, the number of active customers also doubled. So as Craig said, our job going forward now is to just not reap the benefit of this activity in Q2, but with all these new customers engaging across all The Home Depot capabilities, we’re very closely watching reengagement rates and I mentioned a couple statistics in my prepared remarks, but we’re seeing are people shopping across departments. Are they engaging in other capabilities? What is their duration before there is repeat engagement with a capability or indeed a purchase? And the name of the game for us is engagement and that is really what’s all behind how doers get more done. The more our customers engage with our capabilities, whether it’s in the store, self checkout, app downloads, delivery, search, tool rental, using our lockers, using our calculators, every time our customer engages and another capability that we’ve built out that stickiness, that’s repeat business and that’s customer loyalty. And a quarter like this has just been terrific and advancing our initiatives and we’re working very hard to keep that momentum going.
Ted Decker: No. Just -- I was just going to add was, the reduce traffic were not just our limiting the hours but our Pro and consumer customers alike were consolidating trips, while transactions were down and ticket was up and that was driven by units per transaction. People were definitely consolidating trips. So part of Q2 not only did we ease and did many shelter-in-place and customer’s willingness to visit stores all ease. We still saw terrific ticket growth in units but just eased a little bit on units per transaction although still incredibly healthy.
Ted Decker: Yeah. Chris, it was really strong demand across the business, clearly, more DIY in the interior projects as we’ve talked about the Pros and having third parties in the house and permitting and the like. But short of the installation heavy categories, flooring and paint and plumbing and electrical, all strong, kitchen and bath that we said it was just under double-digit. Our bath business would have -- it was double digits. So, again, it was the heavy installation of kitchen-oriented product, but just super strength. And add that we’d like the medium and longer term implications of this, because there have been questions for years now, would the Gen X and millennial engage to the same level of home improvement, and when you think, The Home Depot had a big part in teaching the baby boomer to gain confidence and take on DIY. What we’re seeing is that all generations are engaging in Gen X and millennial. And when you start with that first DIY project, it may be a garden, it may be painting. Painting has traditionally been the number one DIY project. And once you accomplish that first more modest task, you gain confidence and you take on the next task and the next task and they become bigger and then you need more sophisticated and broader breadth of tools to continue the more ambitious projects you’re taking on. So, this is what we saw with the baby boomer in the growth and the establishment of this industry. And the -- one of the bigger medium- and long-term benefits of this is, we know that this next very, very large generation is a very active home improver.
