Richard McPhail: It is hard to determine. If you just look at sort of traffic limitations that we imposed, if you look at the restricted operating hours and caps on customer accounts in our stores, I can’t give an exact number, but it would be several points of comp impact to the quarter.
Richard McPhail: And if you just – if you go back to your recession question, we entered the year with a healthy housing environment. We haven’t seen anything in that housing environment that’s changed materially, and typically when you look at recessions that are non-housing led for us, the performance decline is much more shallow, more of a flat-type environment. But again, this is a unique situation and the duration of the situation is one of the more important dynamics that just can’t be predicted.
Richard McPhail: Yes. I would say, margin was sort of relatively where we would have anticipated it prior to COVID. We run up a portfolio approach at The Home Depot, and you have puts and takes every quarter. I wouldn’t say that our long-term view of margin has changed from what we’ve seen in the situation.
Richard McPhail: If you want to think very roughly, you’ve got the $150 million that is sort of expensed as incurred. So that leaves about $700 million. Of that $700 million, that is loosely associated with paid leave, about $150 million has already been utilized, but again, we fully accrued for the remainder of the paid leave that our associates are eligible for under this enhanced program. So it is already reflected in our Q1 financials.
Richard McPhail: And to tackle the first part of it so, if you think about our expense performance and you remove the $850 million of benefit enhancement, Chris, we actually under-spent our expense plan by over $120 million in the quarter. And that is net of the increased operating costs required, whether it’s in the form of cleaning or other operating costs. And so, there are gives and takes in that. We’re actually quite pleased with our expense performance. And credit to our amazing team – our amazing store operations team and all our associates out in the field for running the business in this way.
Richard McPhail: On the margin question, we don’t split that out, but I can tell you, we’re very happy with our business across the portfolio.
Craig Menear: Michael, I mean, spring is always one of those scenarios where you have first quarter, second quarter kind of how much happens in the first quarter. Is there a pull forward if you have an early great spring. Those are dynamics that we deal with every single year, and we have seen strength as we have begun the second quarter and we are not planning for any negative comp in the business.
Craig Menear: Again, we started the year with an overarching strong housing environment. It’s hard to determine what impacts are going to play out as a result of this at this stage of the game. I just don’t know how we predict that. Clearly, the current demand is strong and the capabilities that we have built really fall around flexibility, and we are going use that flexibility to drive engagement with the customer on an ongoing basis.
Craig Menear: Yes. Let me – I will make a comment, and Ted you can add anything. Look, I think in this situation customers were very focused on making sure that they reduced their exposure in terms of going into retail environments, and here we’re really focused on getting everything they needed in one trip.
Craig Menear: Yes, we are not planning for negative. It’s obviously very uncertain as to how the year plays out in total. We’re not planning for negative comps in Q2 or for that matter for the year at this point. We’ll watch carefully and see how this all plays out and react accordingly. And again, the flexibility that we have built in our business should give us the ability to react.
Craig Menear: Karen, one other comment I will make on it is, the great news is, the majority of this growth came through earned channels. We didn’t have to go pay for it.
Craig Menear: So, I believe you broke up a little bit there, but I believe you were asking about the $650 billion TAM. And so, what we’ve always said is, at our size, there is plenty of share out there, plenty of fragmentation, you think about categories like flooring which are truly penetrated more greatly by the small mom and pops. There is plenty of share out there to grab.
Craig Menear: Let me just comment on the Pro and I will turn it over to Richard for the cost element. On the Pro, as Bill mentioned, in our own services business, which is some of our best Pros, we’re not seeing a high cancellation rate of the jobs, it’s just a postponement. The customer still wants those to go on. The assumption that we have because we don’t have visibility necessarily into it other than talking the Pros And anecdotally, the assumption that we have is that, that is holding true throughout the Pro business, and we think that the – as we see the volume with the Pro pickup, it’s an indication that the same thing is happening in their business that’s happening in our services business.
Craig Menear: Chris, as Ted and Richard described, in the beginning – in the first seven weeks of the quarter, clearly there was a good early strong beginning of spring. And so, that was a great beginning to the quarter. From there, everything changed. And so, we have no way of extrapolating. At this point, there’s probably more demand than you would typically see in a given quarter because people are spending on other things. So, even if there was early purchasing, I’m not sure that has, based on what we’re seeing right now, has any impact whatsoever.
Craig Menear: Well, first of all, just to clarify, I didn’t say 200 basis points of comp, I would say it’s several hundred basis points of comp. You sort of have to think about it as a gross impact. There is no doubt that when we took steps to move our operating hours to close at 6:00 PM, really in advance of a lot of the shelter-in-place orders out there, we knew it would have a significant impact on sales. It did, but if you – and then if you think about customer account limits, you had a similar impact. It’s very hard though to dissect what offsets were to that. I would just tell you that we know the gross impact would have been in the several hundred basis points of comp.
Craig Menear: With respect to mix, it was – it was really more about product mix. You think about growth in certain categories like appliances and lumber that had a mix impact. Beyond that, we run this business as a portfolio. And if you think about interconnected sales, over 60% of the sales ordered on homedepot.com were picked up in our stores. And so, that margin profile is, in essence, we have one company margin profile. We – our goal is to ensure that our customers can order product the way they like and to fulfill it in the way they’re choosing. So, we – aside from those few categories, let’s say, that was the most significant impact in the quarter.
Craig Menear: Yes. I mean, we see – again, as we’ve shared, our early second quarter sales are strong, and we see that across geographies.
Craig Menear: I mean, everything is lifting. And as you can imagine, where you still have hotspots, there is still pressure. But everywhere else, it’s lifting.
Craig Menear: No. We actually didn’t call that out, because it’s kind of not relevant. When you look at the changes in the three segments of business, there is wild swings like I shared both month-to-month, week-to-week, category-to-category, so we just – we didn’t call that out.
Craig Menear: And as it relates to investment, starting with our strategic investment, we feel like we’re investing in the right places for sure. We’re going to continue to evaluate as we learnt in this and see if there is any modifications or tweaks that need to happen in terms of our approach, but we feel like we are in the right places. Clearly we postponed some of the things that impact the stores because we don’t want to create more disruption in the stores right now. And we’ll bring them back when it’s appropriate to be able to do that in our stores. I mean, as far as our approach to anything else beyond that, we have shared all along that our M&A approach is around capabilities that would be our continuing thought process and approach. I candidly can’t imagine anybody doing an M&A in this environment right now, because I’m not sure how a Board would ever value what you’re paying for something, but that’s our approach. I mean, our thought process has stayed the same that we would always look for capabilities.
