Craig Menear: Thank you, Diane, and good morning everyone. Before I start, I’d like to recognize Diane Dayhoff. This is Diane’s last earnings call, and I want to thank Diane for all her amazing contributions to the company in her nearly 15 years. And so Diane we wish you all the best in retirement.
Craig Menear: I think overall, we are first of all very pleased with the performance in the quarter both across categories, as well as geographies. To your point, we definitely had benefit from hurricane recovery sales partially offset by actually a real winter in January this year. Carol, you might want to share just how we’ve made up the fourth quarter.
Craig Menear: I think one other comment on that. If you look at a market like Dallas which has had tremendous growth in home value appreciations, the affordability index is still terrific, so we’re looking at housing continue to be tailwind for us.
Craig Menear: So overall the fourth quarter was almost comparable to the third quarter in terms of total benefit which as Carol mentioned, fourth quarter was slightly stronger than what we had anticipated. When we look at the go-forward in the business for 2018, we expect the sales from hurricanes to be somewhat comparable to what we experienced in 2017 overall, and most of that coming in the first half of the year.
Craig Menear: We still look at it on a split of roughly 50-50 overtime coming from ticket and traffic overall. And from departments we still have opportunity in larger ticket building materials, special-order kitchens, lumber, while lumber has certainly run-up in price, the project is still growing and we still have significant opportunities, so from a department perspective we’d see continued growth in those apartments.
Craig Menear: Now, we’d see the price deflation continuing into 2018 and we planned for meaningful deflation that continues throughout 2018.
Craig Menear: Sure. Seth, I’ll comment. We’re very pleased actually with the growth overall into February and we’re seeing that happened with our Pro and with our consumer and Mark is here, I’ll let him comment.
Craig Menear: Now, we’ve actually done some work in this area and I would start with the comments that this has been impacted by both innovation and inflation. And I’ll let Carol walk through the details of this, but we’re actually please with what we’re seeing.
Craig Menear: Well, totally, it’s dependent on when spring actually breaks and that is -- that can happen earlier, it can happen late. Mother of Nature will control that. But what we do see from that type of activity is generally you'll see when you have a harsh winter you got a lot of garden opportunity with the replacement of shrubs. You have ice damage that takes place in Brooklyn. So there is different types of elements within the business that will actually see a benefit from a hard winter.
Craig Menear: Well, first of all, in each situation with cost in our first cost of goods we look at that on a case-by-case basis and work with our suppliers to help them try to minimize as many impacts as we possibly can. And then candidly we look at our portfolio approach to how we actually deal with that. And so cost may not necessarily go into a category where we may absorb some costs. It could go somewhere else. And we obviously look to offset that within our own business to try to hold value for the customer.
Craig Menear: So, Alan, we’re actually not looking to do incremental investment beyond what we shared, 11.1 billion over three years is what we believe that we need to do and there's a kind of you will a durability factor to making that all happened. So there is not really the opportunity to add a whole bunch of new investment on top. As Carol mentioned we are pulling some investments forward if we can do and make it happen faster, but don't look for us to add a whole new layer of investment on top of the 11 1 billion.
Craig Menear: We’re very pleased with the performance. You have to remember, Alan, the average set is 7.5%, so it's very healthy across the flooring portfolio.
Craig Menear: I don’t think there’s been a significant change in the promotional activity, if anything we were less promotional in Q4, but the overall market was very similar to prior year.
Craig Menear: So, overall, we're very pleased with our Pro business in 2017 and we continue to see growth there. And as customers continue to take on bigger projects as a result of feeling good about their home values, we see that continuing as we move into 2018. Go on, if you have other comments on that.
Craig Menear: Well we were very pleased with our overall inventory position as we came through the fourth quarter and finished the fiscal year. Our primary focus when it comes to inventory is to maintain in stock. That is first and foremost so that we have the customer needs on the shelf when they come. In market or [Indiscernible]...
Craig Menear: Well Daniel, I think the one thing that we’ve seen is there’s a little cloudiness in where the actual purchases are coming from, in some cases, you are seeing people at DIY projects that are now electing their pros to go and do the purchase and the work, so but we are very pleased with the DIY growth, and seeing strength with our consumer business as well as the pros, so there’s a good balance there. And then as far as interline, we are pleased with the progress, pleased with the results. We saw a strong sales growth in all three end markets, institutional multifamily and trades, continue to see prior traction and pro purchase in the MRO initiative, so pleased with the progress.
Craig Menear: I think the other thing that you’ll see is just in general, in every bay in the store where there’s an opportunity to have product that is enabled through technology, you’ll see that happen over the next five years. It will continue to evolve and it won’t be somewhat a section over the next five years, it will be in every day in the store. That will happen, because the manufacturers are finding ways to enhance their product for the customer.
Edward Decker: Thanks Craig and good morning everyone. We had a strong fourth quarter where sales exceeded our expectations. We saw strength across the store led by our pro customer and our online sales continued their double-digit growth. Looking at our departments, lumber, electrical, and tools had double-digit comps in the quarter. Appliances, plumbing, and building materials were also above the company’s average comp. Decor, flooring, millwork, paint, indoor garden, hardware, outdoor garden, and kitchen and bath were positive, but below the company average. Lighting recorded a low single-digit negative comp primarily due to LED price deflation. In the fourth quarter, we saw a growth in both ticket and transactions. Comp average ticket increased 5.5% and comp transactions increased 1.9%. Commodity price inflation in lumber, building materials and copper positively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 105 basis points. Foreign exchange rates also positively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 42 basis points. Big ticket sales in the fourth quarter or transactions over $900 which represent approximately 22% of our U.S. sales were up 9.8%. The increase in big ticket sales was driven in part by strength in vinyl plank flooring, fencing and appliances. Transactions for tickets under $50 which make up approximately 16% of our U.S. sales grew by 0.8% in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we saw strong sales with both our DIY and pro-customer. Sales for our professional customers grew double digits in the quarter. Pro-heavy categories, lumber, pressure-treated decking, insulation and gypsum all had double-digit growth during the quarter with solid unit productivity. Our paint initiatives continue to gain traction, as we saw strong sales to both our pro-and DIY customers throughout the quarter. Turning to our DIY customers, we saw a terrific response to our events throughout the quarter. Traffic was strong both in-store and online during our Black Friday gift center and holiday events. During the quarter, our DIY customers drove strong comps, in power tools, hand tools, rugs, appliances and decorative holiday. We also continue to see strength in storm related categories in the quarter with double-digit comps and generators, wet dry vac’s and portable heating. This part of our focus on balancing the art and signs of retail, we continue to refine and localize our assortments. Recent examples with our heart skates category, which includes pavers, wall block and landscape rock. We are leveraging the power of our clustering and space optimization tools to assign assortments and facings at the local store level. As a result, we have been able to optimize on shelf inventory levels to provide job [ph] block quantities for our customers, minimize shelf maintenance for store associates and maintain a meaningful innovative assortment. Initial results of warm weather markets have been strong. Now, let me turn our attention to the first quarter. Product innovation and speed to market allow the Home Depot to maintain its position as the number one retailer in product authority and home-improvement. To that end, our merchants are constantly collaborating with our suppliers to deliver new products exclusively to the Home Depot. For example, we have recently updated our assortment of Klein tools for professional electricians. This includes the new 9-inch Journeyman Diagonal Cutting Pliers that provide 57% more cutting surface and new magnetizer tool that is great when needing to magnetize a screwdriver or bed. The addition of these new products to our existing assortment of bit box exclusive Klein tools keeps us winning with the electrician. With spring quickly approaching we are gearing up to fulfil the needs of our customers as they complete their outdoor projects and get ready to enjoy the warm weather. In addition to our annual spring Black Friday event, we are excited about our new patio set offerings which provide customers great value across a wide selection to fit their specific style and needs. New this year is part of our exclusive Hampton Bay collection we are offering cushion guard technology, which guarantees water repellency as well as protection from fading and stains. This gives our customers peace of mind and reassurance that they are purchasing quality material at an everyday low price. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Carol.
Edward Decker: Eric, I’d say the other learning is that the more dimensional our relationship with our pro is the stronger our share of wallet becomes, and I think that was exemplified by the pros that are managed by our passes [Ph] which was one of our fastest-growing areas for a pro-business. So it’s that pro-engagement and that one-on-one recognition that seems to be resonating with the customer and we will carry that into next year.
Edward Decker: Yes we are rolling out some more dedicated end caps in one and two and even three days sets as the amount of connected home product comes into the store. We are super excited, there is new product coming from Ring, there’s new product coming from Nest, there’s new product on light and fan controls by Lutron, so really across the board, all our major suppliers are coming up with great innovative product and we are growing the space in the store to merchandise it appropriately.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So we were really pleased with the result in the fourth quarter. Clearly, the hurricane sales were higher than what we had included in our guidance at the end of third quarter, so we were pleased with that. But the business, just the underlying business was very strong. As Craig pointed out, we had winter. And if you look at the month of January alone and the comps across our division, the comp in the western division and the southern division in the month of January was higher than the comp for the company for the quarter. Now in the north where we had real winter and I think you experienced that winter, our comp was low single digit as you expected. So what does that mean? We should have a great spring, I would think when you have a normal winter.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So as Craig mentioned, if you look at the variability in our regions, the spread was a bit wider than we’ve seen in the past several quarters, but that’s because of the hurricane-related sales where we had high, high double digit comps. But if you ignore the hurricane-related sales you actually see the variability tightening. And that’s actually because the economic environment in the cities that have recovered is robust, and there’s a housing shortage. So let’s take a look at San Francisco for example. San Francisco is very robust. The month of supply in San Francisco [Indiscernible], so we continue to see strong growth there. In areas at the countries that haven’t fully recovered, well, good news there too. So, housing as an asset class across the country continues to look very good.
Carol Tomé: Right. So just to put the numbers behind that we believe we had $652 million of hurricane-related sales in the back half of 2017. And we expect to have that same number of sales in 2018. The difference of course is that the 2018 sales will be a little bit more profitable than what we experienced in 2017, in fact when you add it all up we lost money on those sales. We lost about $11 million on those sales in 2017 and expect [indiscernible] a little bit of money on those sales in 2018.
Carol Tomé: Yes, happy to. So let me just give you a breakdown of our expense growth factor guidance for 2018. Our core expenses will grow at about 45% of our sales growth next year. We add to that then about 10% related to acquisition. As we’ve talked in the past, our acquisitions have more variable expenses than our core. So when you add core in acquisitions, expenses growing at 55% of our sales growth. Then the investments that we’re making add another 46 plus, so our expenses will be a little more than 100% of our sales growth in 2018. What are we pulling forward? Well, if you remember the pie chart that we shared with you at our Investor Day and we’ve showed buckets of expense, one of the buckets of expense was a bucket called other. And in that bucket called other were people expense. So we are pulling forward some of those people expenses, because those are easy things to do. Some of the other investments that we’re making, it takes time. Well, like we’ve talked to you about supply chain as an example, our supply chain initiative is actually a five-year initiative, but the people investments are things that we can pull forward and we think that’s the right thing to do.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So, Mike, it’s just our accounting convention. We have a four, four, five close and it’s just when Christmas day falls. And Christmas this year was a Sunday or Monday. Anyway, it just fell into another month. So it just calendar. That’s all it is. In terms of our January comp, yes, even on an adjusted basis it was lower than the previous two months, but we had a winter in January as I mentioned. Our western division, our southern division in the month of January comped higher than the company average for the quarter, but we can get a sense of were those comps were very good, but in the north where we had winter it was low single digit.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So 30-year rates today are 4.2%. The consensus estimate for 2018 is 4.3%. I have seen a high estimate out there of 4.6%. But just to put it into perspective, our math suggests that for every 25 basis points of mortgage rate increase it’s $40 of additional mortgage interest per month. So we don’t see any concern with the rising interest rate over the next several years actually. Remember that historically [Indiscernible] mortgage is 5.6%, and as Craig commented the affordability index broadly speaking is still very good at over 155%.
Carol Tomé: There’s some good news with price deflation, because we are re-lapping our stores with LED light. And it was a good thing that we’ve waited for this investment because the cost curve is coming down. So glass half full here.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So we’ve guided gross margin flattish for the year. That includes the 53rd week. The margin in that 53rd week will be higher because it doesn’t have as much fixed cost allocated to it. So if you ignored the 53rd week the gross margin for the business would be down call it seven-ish basis points. We have factored into our outlook a tightening transportation market, higher fuel costs, although that's gotten better recently. We’re going to have to stay lose of this. So we’ve got of cost out opportunities that we will certainly drive. But the transportation market is tightening. So we might little pressure there, but we’ll manage through it.
Carol Tomé: And the question always is incrementality and based on our analysis for driving incremental growth here.
Carol Tomé: We are. So we took our ticket and broke it into quintiles. And if you look at the bottom quintile, we see the price has jumped through innovation and inflation, 11% over the past couple of years. So it’s moving out of that less than $50 bucket into a higher bucket. The other contributor is the price inflation and LED light bulb. LED light bulb would be in that – in the other bucket. So, it just the change in the business and we’re reacting to that change.
Carol Tomé: It will be lumpy. It will be higher in the first half of the year than in the back half of the year, because in the back half of the year 2017 we had hurricane-related expenses that will not repeat.
Carol Tomé: Yes. Not lot of benefits in 2018. So we’ve had to first make the investments and if you think about, we talked about $1 billion investment over the next three years. We’re going to kind of ramp up. So you’re going to see more of the return in the back half of the three-year planning than you do in the initial part of the three-year plan.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So based on the cash flow guidance that we’ve given to and use of cash, you’re like wow, you can have some left over cash. And that’s right, we are. And we are exploring what to do with that cash. And it could be additional share repurchases, dividends, payback debt, built cash for the future so on and so forth. We’re going to take our time just make through [Indiscernible] and determine what we will do with the cash. We will let you know. The $4 billion specifically is what we had on our Investor Day, so we just kept that for the year and then we’ll update you as year continues.
Carol Tomé: Let’s look at the latter part into question first. 80% of American households were going to have more money this year because of tax reform, given the increases in the standard production. Further corporations are enjoying – many corporations are enjoying lower tax than we see many corporations taking that cash if you will and investing in the people [Indiscernible]. We think those offset any negative that could arrived with the change in the mortgage interest deduction or the cap on state and local tax reduction. And just a few other things; on the cap on mortgage interest reduction 750,000, only 5% of houses that are sold in a year are 750,000, so it’s a small subset of what happens to the housing worker. Further as we’ve talked about, only about 30% of tax filers itemize, and only about 22% itemize for mortgage reduction. On the state and local tax front, if you live in California or New York, you're not going to feel very good, but then there’s a housing shortage. I commented on San Francisco with 0.8 months of supply. New York City has 2.2 months of supply. So we don’t actually think those going to be any impact on housing as a result, although if you live in New York or California you may feel it. Now, on mortgage rates, you can’t just look at mortgage rate alone, because you have to look at where home prices are going, to look at affordability. But if you just kept home prices where they are today, it’s our view that mortgage rate to go to 7% before there’s any issue on the affordability. The other way of looking at is just averages, right. And the average mortgage rate over the past 30 years is 5.6%. So that might be a good number for us to all to kind of land on.
Carol Tomé: We pull forward both from 2019 and 2020, so we’ll update on 2019 and 2020 when we get to those years, but nothing changes from the overall expense growth factor guidance that we gave you back in December.
Carol Tomé: And maybe one difference that we were seeing is the rate of growth for the high spend pro is the same as the rate of growth of the low spend pro, that’s just so we are in terms of the recovery they are....
