Craig Menear: Thank you, Isabel, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, let me take a moment if you would of personal privilege. As you've read, at the end of April, we announced that Carol has decided to retire as our Chief Financial Officer and EVP of Corporate Services effective August 31, after 24 years of service to the Home Depot. This month, in fact, marks her 18th anniversary as our CFO, making her one of the longest tenured CFOs in the Fortune 100. And while I have more to say about Carol's numerous contributions to the Home Depot, as we get closer to her actual retirement, I did want to note on today's call Carol's extraordinary financial stewardship of our company. Richard McPhail, who will become our CFO in September, will indeed have big shoes to fill. And Carol, I can't thank you enough for your service to our company and to our shareholders.
Craig Menear: Yes. We're actually very pleased. I'll let Bill jump in here. We added 35,000 customers in the quarter, and we expect to have 1 million customers up by the end of the year.
Craig Menear: Michael we'll have to see how the second quarter actually plays out as it relates to lumber. Clearly, when you look at the first quarter the two big impacts were the situation in February where really it was pretty horrible across the country in that lumber. And if you think about lumber for a minute I'll let Ted get into some of the feedback that we're hearing from our suppliers. But lumber has a lot of factors. And when you think about -- we won't know until we see what the environment is and what the storm situation may look like this year. It's predicted to be another potentially active year. That could change a lot of things but we're also hearing some information from our suppliers.
Craig Menear: I mean we look -- on a continual basis, we look at discretionary categories. And we don't see a direct correlation to any movement in discretionary categories. As a matter of fact you think -- look at things like closet organization which is purely discretionary and we feel good about those kinds of businesses. There has clearly been a shift in the flooring business to vinyl which has had some impact on some other categories, but we don't see anything right now that would indicate a change.
Craig Menear: Well, I would say in garden, we've planned for if there is such a thing a more normal spring. It turned out, it wasn't as normal as we'd liked. But what you saw and when we called out above the comp – company comp particularly in indoor garden that was all driven by a consumer response to just fantastic innovative product. And we've talked about product innovation, consumer finding the value in the store, the Pro finding the tool to help them save time and save money on their jobs. And we have just such terrific product in outdoor power equipment, particularly as cordless technology moves into that space with our new grills with pellet grills led by Traeger which is an exclusive to us by far the dominant player in pellet grills new patio collections. So, despite the not-so-great weather the customer responded to the product and the values and that's what really drove the business. Live goods for example has some room to make up, which we're looking forward to in Q2. And that's obviously weather-driven and when we get great weather our live goods are selling double digits and obviously when it's cold and rainy on a weekend not so much. But really pleased with the garden business, again you wouldn't – you won't think it would be as strong given the weather we talked about, but it's really product and value.
Craig Menear: Yeah. Scott for competitive reasons obviously we won't share the specific data on that. But we believe that delivery is important for the Pro. In particular segments of the Pro customers, it's important to be able to get them what they need, when they need it, so that they can depend on that service. And that's what we're working to do.
Craig Menear: It's an all-in calculation that we use obviously. And as you grow with the Pro that actually uses delivery it gives us an opportunity to much more effectively compete against the distribution houses and the lumber and building material yards that provide the service and we look at as an all-in cost of operation considering what we get on the trucks and what kind of gross margin dollars that actually provides.
Craig Menear: And you get that blend with the Pro. The overall margin with the Pro on a blended basis is very comparable to the DIY customer.
Craig Menear: And Seth, I'd say there was one interesting thing to look at when we've talked about the tariff. So when you look at kind of what happened in laundry because that's one where it went into play, it was pushed throughout the market and candidly moved forward into retail. In the initial stage of that, we saw no impact for the first several months, then we actually saw negative unit declines come into play. And now we've seen double-digit positive growth in last quarter in laundry. So it's -- it will be interesting to see how those all plays through both in terms of how we can -- we'll work our portfolio approach as Ted said, but then how that actually plays out in the market, so more to come on that.
Craig Menear: You broke up a little, but I think I got that. We look at the elasticity very carefully. And that supports when we always say we take a portfolio approach. We don't necessarily put dollar cost received into a like dollar increase in retail. If that's a super elastic item, we may hold it or not even drop price in that category for trying to spur demand and manage the cost increases somewhere else in the portfolio. And yes, we have very, very robust data and great again support with our finance partners and internal assortment planning and pricing teams that are working all those elasticities by category by product by market.
Craig Menear: We don't have a huge fight in the China tile import. Fortunately, we're sourcing largely domestically in Mexico.
Ted Decker: Thanks Craig, and good morning everyone. As Craig mentioned, while we worked through the noise of the first quarter we were pleased with how the business performed. Looking at our departments, comps in appliances, indoor garden, decor tools, outdoor garden, building materials, plumbing and hardware were above the company average. Paint and kitchen bath were positive, but below the company average. Millwork and flooring were slightly negative in large part due to hurricane overlaps. Our electrical lighting department reported a low single-digit negative comp due primarily to light bulbs. Commodity deflation were up high single-digit negative comps [indiscernible]. In the first quarter, comp average ticket increased 2% and comp transactions increased 5.5%. During the first quarter, we continued to see significant deflationary trends in lumber that began last year. Let me give you an example. When lumber prices peaked last year, we were selling a 4x8 sheet of OSB for approximately $17 and our units were negative. At the end of the first quarter, the price for that same sheet of OSB have fallen over 50% to about $8. While we have seen nicely in productivities prices have fallen. We have not overcome the top line headwind from the significant deflation. Without lumber price deflation, our average ticket growth would have been closer to 3%. During the first quarter big ticket comp transactions for those over $1,000, which represent approximately 20% of U.S. sales were up 3.9%, reflecting in part the impact of last year's hurricane related sales. Excluding hurricane related markets, big ticket comps were up approximately 5.1%. Wet weather in February also had a significant impact to our big ticket performance in the quarter, as big ticket comps were flat in the month of February. And finally, lumber price deflation also had a negative impact. We continue to see strong performance in big ticket categories like vinyl plank flooring, water heaters and appliances. And just to comment on appliances, as a result of our supply chain initiatives and working more closely with our partners, we are seeing improved customer satisfaction scores in appliance delivery. During the first quarter, we saw a growth with both our Pro and do-it-yourself customers. Pros are complex customers. And we are investing in a number of different initiatives and services to help our Pros get their jobs done. One of these services is our tool rental business. We have the largest number of tool rental centers in North America with approximately 1,100 locations inside our conveniently located stores. As Craig mentioned, we know that approximately 90% of Pros rent tools, but only one in four of our Pros rent tools from us. We also know that when Pros start renting tools from us, they see a significant uptick in their overall Home Depot stand. As part of our multi-year investment plan we are investing in more space, more tools and better technology to improve the customer experience and continue to grow this differentiated service offering. In addition to our Pro investments, we continue to invest across our interconnected platforms. During the first quarter, we had record quarterly online business that helped drive 23% growth in our online business. As we continue to invest in the online experience and reduce friction, we see higher traffic and improved conversion rates. In addition to enhanced site functionality, we are also expanding certain online assortments. At our investor conference in 2017, we talked to you about HD Home our expansion in home decor. We continue to lean into this category by offering a wide assortment of great values and we are seeing strong growth. We are also expanding our online assortments in categories like auto, pool and work wear, natural extensions to our in-store assortments. We are excited about the growth we are seeing from brands like Weather Guard, Hayward and Carhartt. Now let's turn our attention to the second quarter. We are thrilled to announce the launch of the DEWALT ATOMIC 20-volt compact series exclusive to The Home Depot. These compact tools offer the same 20-volt cordless power as traditional 20-volt tools in a smaller more versatile platform. The DEWALT Atomic series complements our already successful lineup of compact and subcompact power tools from Milwaukee and Makita. The Milwaukee 12-volt program is a favorite for mechanical trades, while the subcompact Makita 18-volt lineup offers the most power and torque in its class. In the big-box channel, these DEWALT Milwaukee and Makita tools can only be found at The Home Depot. We are excited about new product offerings across all of our categories in our upcoming events. During the second quarter, we will host our Memorial Day, Father's Day and Fourth of July events, where we will be offering more great values and special buys for our customers. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Ted Decker: Yes. So, on lumber the situation this year is really the exact opposite of last year. So, last year the mills had a shortage of logs and we had some early housing activities, so lumber prices went to all-time highs. Those peaked at toward the end of May of 2018. This year the mills were able to harvest their logs. They had a tremendous amount of inventory on the log decks. And at the same time with the wet February, we had the slow start to housing. So, it's an exact opposite year. And so prices have fallen in some categories as I've said OSB as much as 50%. So, what we're hearing now is the mills are working through their backlog of logs. The mills have not been able to curtail earlier in this year because you've got to process the logs as they get wet and soggy. They've worked through a lot of that backlog and we're starting to see some of the first curtailments. But again it's very early days. We're going to need to see a rebound in spring in housing, construction. That's where lumber prices are set on the margin in the distributor channel not the retail channel. Our units are terrific. Given our units we'll be expecting to see lumber prices going up.
Ted Decker: But unfortunately the price is set at the margin through the wholesale distribution which has a lot more to do with housing starts. So, as weather clears up, mills curtail logs get worked there is promise for the back of the year. So, that's why again we laid out the risk but haven't called it.
Ted Decker: Yes. The dynamic in flooring and these things are trends and trends will reverse themselves. We saw a meaningful shift to hard surface flooring over the past several years that went into tile that then went into wood-look tile with not rectangular or not square, but more rectangular shape. And then the last couple of years luxury vinyl plank arrived on the scene. And it's an incredibly innovative product because you can put it below subfloors. It's waterproof. It's unbelievably easy to lie. You don't obviously have to get tile set material. You don't have to level floors. It's so much faster for our Pros. So, we've had unbelievable growth in the last three years and it just continues. That all-in is a lower price point lower all-in basket because you're not getting set materials grout et cetera. It's certainly less expensive for the Pro to lay. So, that's part of the mix shift that Carol is talking about. That's not to say that there isn't still plenty of demand for soft surface in tile, in wood, in laminate. And we need to do a better job responding on our mix in those categories as we put a lot of emphasis on the plank and we've got some work to do on mix in the other categories.
Ted Decker: Yeah. And Craig a little bit more color on that. We're definitely designing our delivery offerings around key Pro use cases. For instance, we'll be opening our new flatbed delivery center out of Dallas later this year. That's really a Pro-oriented delivery with the flatbed trucks with the Moffett on the back they're able to put it on the jobsite. Also, we've implemented those two and four hour delivery windows that give our Pro reliability in terms of when a delivery will be there so that they can count on their crews being kept busy by having a great time with delivery.
Ted Decker: Yes. I mean, I would say that has abated. So we track -- working with our finance partners very closely. All requests for cost changes from our supplier base, our own costs with our direct import product label supporting private label products that had ramped up meaningfully over 2018. And as we went into 2019, I wouldn't say it's reversed that we have a tighter way of a cost-out opportunity, but the pressure has subsided. So this is all putting aside the new tariff. I would say we're in a neutral to slightly positive cost position even excluding the lumber deflation. On the tariffs, so we increased the phase three tariffs on all products shipped out of China from May 10. So nothing has landed yet, think of three odd weeks to cross the Pacific Ocean. So we're looking at the end of this month, the increase on the tariffs of $200 billion of product going from 10% to 25%. For us, that's about -- call it $1 billion. So the tariffs we've already received through 2018, we've said it's manageable, it was roughly $1 billion impact. Should these new tariffs hold, it will be an incremental $1 billion. So call it less than 1% of our total sales. So it'll certainly be more acute in certain categories. But as we repeatedly say, we run the business as a portfolio. And 1% in aggregate of sales a little harder but to manage, but still I would call a manageable category.
Ted Decker: Yes. To Craig's point, the laundry we'd say it's been completely digested. And it was our strongest comping appliance category as Craig said in double digits in that -- those tariffs have held and those go up to 50%.
Carol Tomé: Well, thank you for your questions, Simeon. As you point out, we normally don't provide our quarterly plan, but I will tell you that our plan for the first quarter of 2019 was a comp of 4.5%. So if you look through the weather noise in February, as well as the lumber deflation, we were very pleased with our first quarter results. The other thing that I will remind you all of is that, we are comping this year $800 million of hurricane-related sales. $500 million of those hurricane-related sales took place in the first quarter of last year. So our compares get much easier as we look to the back half of the year.
Carol Tomé: Now, to the question about weather, and will we cover it. This is very different than what we saw a year ago in the first quarter, which was very much an April story that impacted our garden department. The weather in February impacted our business. 17 of 19 regions were negative. The majority of our selling departments were negative. Our transactions were negative 2.5% for the month of February alone. Our big-ticket was flat in the month of February. Those sales are coming back as the weather improves. Part of those sales are related to our Pro customer and we understand from our pros that they have backlogs that are in excess of 90 days. So those sales will come into the second quarter and continue into the third quarter. That's what gives us confidence to reaffirm the guidance of a 5% comp for the year, albeit there is lumber price deflation and it continues into May actually. If we look through lumber price deflation our May results are performing as we expected. But we thought it was important to get that lumber price deflation number out there for you, because we can't predict. Too early in the year to know what's going to happen to lumber prices, but we thought we should give you the number.
Carol Tomé: Yes, Michael you've just written a report on this which was really helpful that there's been a disconnect between housing turnover and sales performance. And we went back in and tried to correlate turnover to our departments to see if there was any correlation and we couldn't see it. Now, our flooring department was one of our slower-growing departments in the quarter, but that isn't a correlated housing turnover. We think we have some opportunities within the mix.
Carol Tomé: I think the easiest way to think about Q2 is that the comp rate should be higher than what we reported in the first quarter because the stacking gets a little confusing because of the calendar shift. And if I could change the calendar shift, trust me I would. I wish I could have done that before because it just confuses that kind of thing. But I would just think that's the easiest way to think about the -- your model.
Carol Tomé: Yeah. So, if – yeah, if we hadn't shifted the calendar our un-shifted comps would have been 5.8% and I can give that to you by month, if you'd like. The un-shifted comp for February 2.6%, for March 5.5% and for April 8.1%.
Carol Tomé: It's a top line risk, because margin is one of our lowest – lumber is one of our lowest-margin category. A lower penetration of a lower-margin category is good for the gross margin. So while we called out the risk to the top line, if lumber prices stay where they are today, we didn't call any risk to the bottom line, because there really isn't much risk to the bottom line.
Carol Tomé: Sure. If you look at the commodity business excluding lumber, we look at building materials and copper and there was actually a slight inflation in the quarter. About 30 basis points of growth came from commodity inflation. That was offset obviously by the stronger U.S. dollar because that was deflating, so it kind of works its way out. And then in terms of just general inflation across the store...
Carol Tomé: That's just the math of it. We haven't gone vendor-by-vendor, product-by-product to actually determine what the actions will be.
Carol Tomé: Well let's take a market like L.A. There's been a lot of conversation about what's happening in home prices in L.A. Our comp in L.A. was considerably ahead our company for the first quarter. Let's take a market like New Jersey where people are very concerned about what would happen to sales, given it's a high-salt state and we see that New Jersey is actually outperforming the company average too. So trust me, we're spending a lot of attention looking at performance by market, but we just can't see anything at this point in a negative way. Pardon me we see lots of things but in a negative way.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So, first as it relates to the gross margin, the calendar shift doesn't impact the gross margin because you have 13 weeks of sales against 13 weeks of sales. From an expense perspective, because we do have a difference in our comp rate and our total sales growth rate, it will have a more meaningful impact on expenses either as a percent of sales or from an expense growth factor perspective. So we are expecting in the second quarter that our comp will be higher than our sales growth again because of the calendar shift. So you would expect our expense growth factor to be higher in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter. Does that make sense? Hopefully that makes sense for you.
Carol Tomé: These are sophisticated tools that we've built up over a number of years that allows us to have this kind of responsiveness.
