Craig A. Menear: Thanks, Frank, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our performance in the third quarter as sales exceeded our expectations. The departments that outperformed the company average comp were lumber, decor, kitchen, paint, lighting, bath, electrical, outdoor garden, indoor garden, hardware and flooring. Plumbing, tools and millwork performed positively, while comp sales in building materials were negative due to a tough year-over-year comparison in roofing. In the last week of the third quarter, we experienced around $70 million lift in sales, including batteries, flashlights, generators and extension cords as customers in the North prepared for the threat of Hurricane Sandy. Looking ahead, it's difficult for us to forecast the magnitude of ongoing cleanup sales in the affected areas. In the beginning of the third quarter, I told you that we'd be setting our holiday assortment in half the time previously required by leveraging our supply chain and merchandising execution teams, and we did just that. The objective was to extend our fall cleanup selling season and allow time for an additional fall event, which exceeded internal expectations. These efforts along with great fall weather drove double-digit positive comps in walk-behind mowers, riding mowers, pressure washers, exterior stain and chemicals. Portable outdoor power, exterior paint, lawn accessories, soils and mulches, fertilizers, grills and planters all performed above the company average comp. Patio furniture and live goods had a positive performance in the quarter as well. In the third quarter, we began setting some of our appliance showrooms to include Electrolux, Whirlpool and Frigidaire brands. We will complete the rollout of our 120-store pilot during the fourth quarter. These appliances are available online through homedepot.com and can be ordered in all of our stores. And we are pleased with the results we have seen so far. For the balance of the business, we continue to see momentum in maintenance and repair and simple decor. On the maintenance and repair side, departments such as hardware and electrical as well as categories such as cleaning and plumbing repair continued to perform positively. Bath, lighting, flooring and interior paint performed well within simple decor. As part of our interconnected retail strategy, we are inspiring and educating our customers through our Style Guide available on the Web and for the iPad. The Style Guide is rated 4.5 stars out of 5, and it is consistently a top 100 app in the App Store. And this week, we will launch the holiday version of the Style Guide. Total transactions grew by 1.7%, while average ticket increased 2.9% for the quarter. Our average ticket increase was impacted somewhat by commodity price inflation from lumber. The total impact of the ticket growth from commodity inflation in lumber was approximately 70 basis points. Transactions for tickets under $50, representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were flat for the third quarter. Transactions for ticket over $900, also representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 4.3% in the third quarter. The drivers behind the increase in the big ticket purchases were strength in appliances, flooring and in-stock kitchens. Now let me turn our attention to the fourth quarter. Innovation remains a key part of our leadership strategy. And one of the products we're excited about is our second generation Ryobi lithium batteries with fade-free power. Our lithium plus batteries offer better performance for existing tools, fuel gauges and extreme weather performance. We bring to market the looks customers want with the features they need. In the fourth quarter, we will be exclusively launching a new wood plank look porcelain tile from MARAZZI. This new product will give customers the ease, maintenance and durability of a porcelain tile with a wood finish they desire. Additionally, we'll introduce the Moen Haysfield motion-sensing faucet exclusive to The Home Depot. This faucet delivers consistent hands-free activation even when the handle is in the off position, with 2 sensors that provide flexibility and convenience in many kitchen tasks. We are also the exclusive home improvement launch partner for Kidde's worry-free smoke alarms. These alarms utilize lithium technology eliminating battery changes for 10 years, saving our customers on average $40 in battery replacement while enhancing safety. And finally, we have an outstanding offering of products in our Gift Centers for the holiday season and our best lineup yet in holiday decor. The offerings in our Gift Centers will feature an extensive assortment of hardware and holiday items for gift-giving and decorating. For Black Friday, we have outstanding special buys with extreme values for our traditional DIYers and professional customers. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, I think it is. I think the other comment I'd make, Colin, is it's a different storm than Irene. This was much more impacted in terms of water flow, Irene was stronger wind impact. So there's a little different needs that exist in this storm versus Irene.
Craig A. Menear: So we actually had positive comps overall in our millwork business, and our window business has come back from previous years, which were hit pretty hard during the downturn. So we've actually seen positive growth. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Craig A. Menear: Yes. As it relates to inflation, obviously, lumber prices are remaining at this stage of the game higher than previous year. We've seen some drop in copper as it relates to year-over-year in the past few weeks. So our anticipation at this point is that we'd probably see similar type of movement in lumber. Don't see anything really taking that down short-term.
Craig A. Menear: So as we do with every pilot and every reset in our stores, we obviously go through a financial assessment of what we're looking to achieve, and we lay out targets for that. It's very early at this stage in the pilot. We haven't completed our 120-store rollout yet, we still have that to finish in the fourth quarter. And we do like the early results that we see. Based on how the rollout continues and how the sales perform, we would then determine what the next steps might be and how many stores that would actually roll to.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, certainly that would be -- one of the metrics that we look at is exactly that, how do we actually continue to drive incremental sales. Yes.
Craig A. Menear: Yes. The -- all of our brands are obviously available on homedepot.com for our customers to shop around the clock when they choose to shop. And likewise, we leverage homedepot.com and our delivery system to make those brands available on all stores today.
Craig A. Menear: Well, I'll address the big-ticket aspects. When you look at our growth in big-ticket, it's a culmination of a lot of things. Hard work by our associates in the stores. We've worked hard on the assortments over the past few years. Kitchens, for example, continue to be a positive growth story as they have been for the past couple of years now. We feel like we're taking share in those areas. We've improved our flooring business overall. As a matter of fact, Eric, what I would say is that if you looked at our decor businesses in total, they actually outgrew the company average. So I think customers are beginning to be willing to step in and do the decor projects like flooring, like kitchens. We've had a nice quarter in appliances as well. So I think it's a combination of a number of things, including an assortment, our effort by our associates and our stores to drive this business.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, I'll talk to that a little bit. So when we look at transactions under $50, there is an awful lot of those transactions that fall into a few categories, very pleased with how we did in outside garden as you can imagine. That's a big transaction driver in that business. But then when you look at kind of what has happened in some of the categories, the average unit retail growth, so for example LED versus incandescent bulbs, has had an impact on that business. When you look at the expansion of what's happened in the retail side of the business in paint, you see transactions that maybe have fallen from what were under $20 to now over $20. And then there's some actions that we've taken as well in terms of how we're driving some off-shelf special buys, packs, value packs that have led to part of that shift in transactions under $20.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, as it relates to the fourth quarter, I mean we're excited about the plans we've put in place to aggressively go after the market. We have -- our merchants have worked hard to really create some outstanding values for our customers. We've got awesome values in our Gift Center. We've got a great holiday decor lineup. We do have outstanding values that we'll bring to the market around Black Friday, which is obviously a very aggressive time in retail. So we're excited about the offerings that we have forthcoming in the fourth quarter.
Craig A. Menear: Yes. Short-term, we're still selling things that have lower gross margins. So we're still selling generators, that type of product, lumber to get basic repair done right now. And it really depends on how the sales progress from here as to what the whole [ph] mix of sale will be, which will determine where the margin falls.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, let me answer the last part of that question first. Yes, because the investment in IT, and we write our IT investments off over a shorter time frame, typically no longer than 6 years, we anticipate that you will start to see year-over-year increases in depreciation. And that's an okay thing, because the IT investments that we're making are giving us a positive ROI. From a normalized SG&A perspective, as we've told you back in June, we would expect long-term that our expenses would grow around 38%, 40% of our sales growth. This year, it's going to be a little bit different than that. On a 52-week basis, if you back out the impact of China, our expense growth will be basically flat. But on a normalized basis going forward, we would expect more in the 38%, 40% area.
Carol B. Tomé: Let me just say we are going to have some fun planning these store sales trying to determine which stores get the impact from the hurricanes. But we'll do our best in that regard.
Carol B. Tomé: We might add a little more color perhaps on the housing, Frank, if that would be helpful. We've got a high level and I'll call it imperfect model, but we have looked at drivers of housing that could impact our business, focusing principally on turnover. And if you look at how housing turnover is performing this year, on an annualized basis, about 4.5 million units. We know from a study back in 2008 that the average spend is about $3,500. If you then calculate our market share against that and look at our anticipated comps to be versus GDP growth, we would estimate that housing turnover is impacting our comps by about 50 basis points this year. So as Frank pointed out, we're on the path of recovery.
Carol B. Tomé: Laura, we're still working through this. It's highly complicated for all of corporate America, but with a company like The Home Depot with over 300,000 associates, we've got to study this very carefully. And we're waiting for the rules to get formalized. So once we know, we will tell you.
Carol B. Tomé: The really interesting thing about our approach here is that it's not just a store story, it's also a dot-com story. So we really like the penetration that the new brands are selling on our website. And Craig, you might want to talk about that.
Carol B. Tomé: On the gross margin front, we would expect the fourth quarter gross margin to be flattish relative to last year, principally because of what we're anniversary-ing. You'll recall, the fourth quarter of 2001, we had 53 basis points of margin expansion coming off of our supply chain. We're not expecting that in the fourth quarter of this year.
Carol B. Tomé: And don't forget, in the month of December last year, we had a positive comp in the United States of 7.1%. So we better have a good holiday to comp that.
Carol B. Tomé: Of course. Because Sandy was so coastal on its nature, and we don't have stores built along the coast, we were very fortunate and we had little to no damage in our stores. So do not expect any storm-related expense in the fourth quarter. We do have a Homer Fund, which is a 501(c)(3) that we've established that will take care of our associates in need but those -- that won't impact our P&L. From a margin perspective, it really is going to depend on the products that are sold.
Carol B. Tomé: And again, rather than trying to guide to that prospectively, we'd rather explain to you what we experience.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, first, Matt, thank you for your acknowledgment of our program. We have bought back about $37 billion worth of our shares at an average price of about $37. So the program has worked. And we do have a point of view on the value of our stock, and we're not there. We also look at it, what's the point we should retire debt versus buy back shares, so we've got a mathematical calculation that supports our activity, and we feel very committed to our share repurchase program where we are based on that point of view and the fact that sitting on cash on the balance sheet is not very value-creating for our shareholders. And just to that point, you'll note that at the end of the quarter, we had $2.6 billion of cash, so you may say, aren't you a little heavy? About $1 billion of that cash is outside the United States. We could get our hands on it, we could repatriate it, but then we pay a nice tax on that, so we elect not to. So when I think about the cash that we have available for use, it's about $1.6 billion, and we need about $1 billion-ish to operate. So that's what's giving support to the $700 million that we will buy in the fourth quarter. And one last comment on the share repurchase, as you know, we introduced new financial targets back in June, our 12-24 target, that's 12% operating margin and a 24% return on invested capital by 2015. Inherent in that 24% return on invested capital is that we will use excess cash to buy back shares.
Carol B. Tomé: And in California, the growth rates are between 50 and 180 basis points better than the company average, just to give you a point of perspective.
Carol B. Tomé: And just to put that into perspective, the larger Pro makes up 13% of our Pro sales. So the majority of our Pro sales are the smaller ones.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, all good questions. Here's our point of view on incremental debt. If you look at our adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio, we're standing at 1.7x against a maximum target of 2x, which would suggest by the end of the year about $3 billion of debt capacity, more or less. As we look into 2013, a couple of things. There is the fiscal cliff issue and we'd like to get through that because as we've talked about in the past, raising debt in an environment of high beta doesn't make a lot of sense, and there is no higher beta in my opinion than the fiscal cliff. Now, we'll know soon where that ends up. We've got $1,250,000,000 coming due in December of next year, we're going to refinance that. Gives an opportunity to add some incremental debt once we get through the fiscal cliff if we so desire. And when we make that decision, we'll let you know.
Carol B. Tomé: And you may recall when we set forth our 12-24 targets, 12% operating margin, we showed a walk on the gross margin line and there was an element of the walk that we called operational excellence, that's code for better shrink performance. So to Marvin's point, between now and '15, we continue to expect better performance there.
Carol B. Tomé: You need to build the models the way you build your models. We've given the guidance that we've given based on our plan because we just don't know how to forecast prospectively.
Carol B. Tomé: And I'll just pile on, we went back and studied every hurricane. And the average time to recovery is T [time] plus 6 months, with the exception of Katrina. This storm in many ways is like Katrina. New Orleans is still rebuilding. So you can -- I hope you can understand why we are cautious in our outlook regarding the storm-related sales.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, as Craig pointed out, we are a seasonal business. And if you look at lumber, we would expect a lower penetration of lumber in the fourth quarter, which would help our gross margin, as an example.
Francis S. Blake: So Michael, I would say there'll be a fewer stores. The breadth of Irene, it impacted more stores than any storm in our history, certainly when we've taken -- when we've looked at that. So it declined some with Sandy, but as Carol and Craig were discussing, the nature of the damage also was more severe. So there'll be fewer stores impacted, but the impacts might be more significant with those localities.
Francis S. Blake: I mean I'd say it depends what you'd say is significant. But if you say 1/3 fewer stores just kind of ballpark but take that only directionally. Yes, so a significantly fewer number of stores. It's less, but again, the magnitude of the damage faced in those areas is higher.
Francis S. Blake: So, Michael, I'm really not seeing that much geographically that's different. So it's not as though the California consumer is coming back, but is more on the opening price point or mid-price point. There really -- we're not seeing that much of a difference regionally.
Francis S. Blake: Yes. First, I'd say the comments are very much in line with what we said in June, that we see housing having to go through a workout period, and we'd say we're in that workout period now. That's a positive though because we're working through issues, and now housing is a little bit of an assist rather than a negative. It was interesting just when we look at the number of times used the word consecutive as we've gone through just this earnings call, we've had a number of quarters of consecutive performance that starts to give you some confidence that the market is healing. There are still lots of issues out there. There are a lot of credit issues in particular that we're concerned about, and obviously, broader policy issues. But if you look at our performance this year and take a 2-year quarter-over-quarter, our business continues to progress.
Francis S. Blake: I think we'll wait until we let the policymakers resolve those issues before giving you hypothetical responses to them.
Francis S. Blake: Yes, sure. Part of it is, Gary, if you think back to 2011 where we had some strong quarters: second, third, fourth quarters, very strong. Each one of those quarters had its unique weather story. So it was difficult to kind of pull the strands out of what's more weather-related, what's the housing recovery look like. It felt like that was sort of the start of housing starting to heal but a little cautious about it. We've had -- this third quarter is an interesting quarter because it was a very tough compare for us, given the sales related to Irene, as Carol detailed. So the positive comp in this quarter, which again not really Sandy-related, Craig called out $70 million at the very end of the quarter. So the positive results in the quarter, combined with as I said, every quarter this year on a 2-year stack basis doing better, and again going to Craig's comments, strength in the core of the business, you go, we're starting to see -- I mean this isn't -- we're not lighting rockets over this and we don't want to get out over our skis, but we're starting to see the recovery of the housing market. And then -- I mean there are lots of data points that we look at this on, obviously. Geographically, the harder hit areas that were really the epicenter of the housing crisis appear to be on the mend and it's been consecutive, it's been consistent. So that's why we think it's healing.
Francis S. Blake: Yes, first off on the -- on what we provide, and now this is speaking U.S., obviously. We provide health insurance to our full-time associates. For our part-time associates, there is a company -- in effect, we make available to them what might be called a mini-Med [ph] program. In terms of the ratio of full-time and part-time, I'm not sure when was the last -- I don't think there's been a major difference from the last time we disclosed.
Francis S. Blake: Well, so we make it available to all of our associates. And Mike, one of the questions for us is, and we're not going to get into our specific percentages on this, but one of the questions is, for us, in thinking about this program and understanding it and understanding the cost implications, is for those associates who do not now take advantage of the health care that we provide, why don't they take advantage of it? Are they covered by their spouse? Are they not taking the health care because for whatever reason, they don't choose to spend their money in that direction? And then as you shift into health care legislation, what will the impact of the health care legislation be on those associates? All of those in addition to the regulatory issues that Carol referenced that still need to be resolved, there's sort of a base understanding that we need to develop on what behavioral changes this will create within our full-time associate ranks, and that has a significant impact on how we estimate the cost. So as Carol said, as soon as we feel comfortable and confident of what the impacts will be, we'll be sharing that with everyone.
Francis S. Blake: So if you just look at the third quarter, Dennis, we saw strength, as I referenced, in Florida. We saw strength in California that was above the company average, which as I said, was to us a sign of a healing in the market. And elsewhere, we were more -- as Carol has commented before on these calls, the range of difference among our top 40 markets has actually compressed over time. We were sort of past the period where we'd have major markets that were significantly double-digit comping in comparison -- double-digit negative comping in comparison to other markets.
Francis S. Blake: So I was looking at it from the market perspective. And if you looked at the top performing markets, then Florida would be at the top for the company.
Francis S. Blake: So first off, David, I don't know that we can speak to prior recoveries because we really didn't have the data to analyze the differences. And I'd say the basis for our expectation, if you remember, we go back to 2008, 2009 and particularly post Lehman, our Pro business dropped off at a significantly steeper rate than our consumer business. Both were going down, but our Pro business was going down quite a bit more. So we had a theory, which today it looks so far so good, that as the market recovered, the Pro would start to pick up and would be part -- a key part of that recovery for us. Where I'd say we are now, where the numbers say we are now and as we called out in June sort of a workout phase, the Pro is recovering and -- but it's not yet at a point where it's surpassing the recovery of the consumer. And again, as we've referenced, the larger Pro is coming back a little faster.
Francis S. Blake: So, Alan, one thing just to keep in mind of why we're a little cautious on this and the comparisons to Irene may not be direct is you've got very different weather circumstances. So last year following Irene if you'll remember, fourth quarter was one of the warmest winters ever in the Northern division. And that helped in the Irene recovery. Don't know obviously sitting here today, what's the weather going to be like in New Jersey and New York as we head into the end of November and December and that will have an impact on the recovery efforts. So that's -- I mean, we've spent a lot of time thinking, "Gee, what's the right way to approach this issue for the fourth quarter and frankly the first quarter of next year." And that's why as Carol said, what we think is better is to tell you, "Look, here is roughly what we think Irene did. We think this is give or take, comparable to the impact of Irene." But the timing of it for us is just very uncertain.
