Craig Menear: Simeon, I think the first comment I'd have is as it relates to the margin rate, was a difference in what we anticipated. A little bit more sustained pressure in supply chain maybe than what we initially anticipated in 2017.
Craig Menear: If you looked at a market like L.A., when the weather has shifted, we've seen 1,400 basis point swing week-to-week based on weather. So, when the weather was positive it would lift 1,400 basis points.
Craig Menear: Michael, it will build as we go forward, you're thinking about that's the right way. And so, we definitely, we see it building throughout 2019 and then beyond.
Craig Menear: Well when we look at the initiatives that we've begun to put in place whether that is the amount of store refreshes that we have done, whether it is the interconnected experience with the automated lockers that we put in place, which is driving obviously a great response from the from the customers. These are things that we tested, we piloted and as we rolled, we begun to see benefit a test result and feel comfortable that those are going to be the driver behind that point of initiative growth.
Craig Menear: This year was a learning year as related to the investments and we found that some things we could actually accelerate and other things we are going to take us a little bit longer as Kelly mentioned because of legacy systems that we have to fix.
Craig Menear: So we looked at that, we backed those noise levels out, it gets you somewhere in the area of a 55 to a 57 as a normalized run rate, you think about taking out the storms, you take out the weather, you take out the inflation. That's where we run into.
Craig Menear: Yes, it would impact continue to support ticket growth for sure, and if you think about the formations, estimated to be increasing in 2019 while turnover is more flattish to where it was in 2018 that would definitely drive project business.
Craig Menear: Yes, Steve, we're excited about the pilots that we’ve put in place in 2018 and the learning that we have and Mark is here I'll let him address that, but I would also say that we're excited about the options that we provided for our customers during the year as well on same day delivery for a car and van service on products out of our stores.
Craig Menear: Yes, I mean, generally, as Ted mentioned, we felt very positive about our paint business and so customers have a tendency to focus inside when they can't do work outside and that is something that happens in the business overall. So we felt good about the interior side of the business.
Carol Tome: But as we look at our model, both for '19 and '20, let me break apart the gross margin performance for you and our expectations. First, as you know, productivity is a virtuous cycle at The Home Depot. And we have productivity in our cost of goods. And we project productivity into '19 and '20. Offsetting the productivity in '19 is some pressure that Craig mentioned, in supply chain as well as our supply chain rollout. There's a little bit of shrink pressure in 2019, but we're going to cover that off with productivity. And then there's a mix pressure, mix that was always in our plan as we see relatively outperformance of growth in lower-margin category. So, as we look through '19 to '20, nothing comes to our attention that is at this point that the margin will contract further, because productivity will continue into '20. On your second part of your question, in terms of fixed variable nature of our gross margin or of our cost of goods, we actually don't look it through that lens. But I will tell you, within the performance in the fourth quarter, there were a few surprises relative to the guidance that we gave at the end of the third quarter. First, the supply chain contraction of 19 basis points was a bit higher than we had anticipated. We had three basis points of fuel pressure come through, and about five basis points of higher fees related to third-party delivery agents. And then we had a bit higher shrink than we anticipated. Hopefully that's helpful.
Carol Tome: Yes. We've got great performance in areas that had good weather. I must say the weather was across the country, but you can find pockets of relative outperformance. And if you look at the housing related markets, let's take Seattle as an example. Seattle is talked about a lot as the place where there's been huge home price appreciation. The comp is Seattle for the fourth quarter was at 6.3%. Let's take Dallas. Dallas is another area of the country where home prices have seen significant home price appreciation. The comp in Dallas was in line with the company average. So, we're not seeing any impact to our performance in a negative way because of the housing environment.
Carol Tome: Well, clearly, our base model starts with GDP and the forecast for GDP next year are - there's a wide range. We landed on 2.6%. We think that's the right number to you, we added to that about a point coming from the various housing metrics that we look at, so that takes our base comp to 3.6, and candidly, we rounded up to four because we are just not that good at it. There - we really wanted to call out two things that are important in our model and one is from equity. There's 15.4 billion through - what am I saying, $15.4 trillion of home equity out there. Home equity has more than doubled since 2011. And if you look at the home equity per owner occupied household, that equity is $193,000 and has not been extracted, so we think that bodes well, it's a wealth effect that bodes well into 2019. The other aspect of the housing market is just the age of the housing market, 52% of the home is older than 40 years. We know that spend for homes that are 40 years and older is 30% greater than spend on homes less than 10 year.
Carol Tome: Michael, I mentioned that the back half comp would be greater than the first half comp, part of that is due to Hoover Hurricane overlap but part of it is due to build.
Carol Tome: We're also seeing outside growth in our pro-business and as we continue to add pro's to our Web site, our new pro experience, if you will, we're adding over a million customers this year. We see spend with those customers increasing.
Carol Tome: Well, I'm happy to take you back to December '17, when we laid out our investment plan. So you'll recall, we are announcing $1.1 billion investment plan, which was $5.4 billion over what we would have spent in a BAU basis. And this is the cash to look at the investment. So I suppose expense and capital. Then we shared with you a chart back in 2017 that broke that spending down by year, we said we would spend $1.4 billion in '18, $1.9 billion in '19 and $2.1 billion in '20. If we look at what we spent in '18, we spent $1.4 billion about $550 million in expense and $800 million in capital. Now on the expenses, we also had some depreciation but that wasn't on the chart that we shared with you. If you add the depreciation related to our investments in 2018, it was more like $700 million. As we look to '19, we are projecting in our guidance that we will spend $1.7 billion, $550 million and expense and about $1.1 billion in capital. That's roughly $200 million under what we shared with you in 2017, that spending is being pushed to '20, and it might push out a little past to '20. The reason for this is because we're just getting smarter about how we spend our dollars and I've had to change the prioritization of some of our activity to deal with some of our legacy IT system. As we look at it today, our estimate is we won't exceed our spend and that we may be able to deliver this under the target. So we've got to face this the appropriate way so that we don't actually deliver an initiative that the foundation can't serve. So hopefully that's helpful.
Carol Tome: Yes, so let me address the latter part of your question first, and then we'll get back to the macro. So the shift in the calendar wouldn't be such a big deal that we weren't such a seasonal business, but we were very seasonal business. So this year, let's take the first quarter, we will be comparing weeks one through 13 and 19 against weeks 2 through 14 and 18 and that shift will have an impact. So you would expect the comp in the first quarter to actually be lower than the actual sales growth that we report that reverses in the second quarter and the second quarter we would expect the comps to be higher than the sales growth we report and the third quarter it'll be about the same and then in the fourth quarter, the comp will be higher than the sales growth that we report aggressively, because we're up against 14 weeks versus 13 weeks that we will share. I will tell you that the first week difference is about $1.5 billion sales. So we're dropping off the compare on a $1.5 billion and we're gaining that compare of over $2 billion. So hopefully that helps you kind of model with that first quarter impactful Bay. Now going back to the macro questions, we can use this directionally correct. But in perfect model, and it's worked for us pretty well, since we implemented it. And if you've been following us for a while, you'll recall that we set forth stages of housing recovery and the impact it would have on our comps. And we have three stages of housing recovery. There was sharp, there was moderate, and then there was stability. And if you look through that document, I think it's on our Web site. If not, we can get it to you, you can see in the stability area, which is where we think we are trending our model suggest it's GDP plus one to two, we conservatively said GDP plus one. So if you use a 2.6% GDP and you add one basis, 100 basis points to that, you get to 3.6% and we rounded up a bit to 4% and then as you heard from Craig, we added a point relative to our strategic investments. There are lots of forces and economic prognosis that you can use. But one thing that we use to kind of support our point of view is what the Harvard Joint Center says for remodeling activity and their forecasts for remodeling activity in 2019 is a 5% growth.
Carol Tome: Yes, now we wouldn't say that there's an impact to our business from tax in February and as you pointed out, we wouldn't expect the real benefits coming from tax reform to come in later. As those filers who haven't earned income credit or in a child credit, they actually haven't filed those returns get filed and processed later.
Carol Tome: And as you know, when we build our plan, we are commodity inflation neutral. We don't really know how to plan for that. Based on where commodity prices are, let me give you a little bit of brush from - in the first-half of the year what we plan for that.
Carol Tome: What you speculate in that - you would expect that where we are in the house and recovery, we'd expect that.
Carol Tome: Yes, [indiscernible]. And we try to predict when spring will break. And we use five-year historical averages and forecasts from Planalytics, and we tried to predict when it will break, we are usually wrong, but we try. Now based on the way that we built our plan, we think that spring is going to break, it hasn't yet, but we think that spring is going to break in the first quarter. So because many of our seasonal categories are lower margin, you would expect the margin decline to be the greatest in the first quarter. So that's an important thing to get out there as you're building your models, because as you know, we're not really good at this. But that's what our model - that's how we're planning. Then from an expense growth factor, the real noise will be I guess in the fourth quarter, but I think, we've given you enough color there that you can model to that. So there's really nothing too [goopy] on the expense side.
Carol Tome: Yes, just a reminder, we have our five direct fulfillment centers already up providing one and two-day service to over 90% of the population. We've got our Interline Brands facilities. Now Home Depot pro that give us near national coverage with next day delivery via 700 private fleet trucks. We've opened three market delivery operations and we have openings planned and groundbreaking planned through the year on the various new platforms, market delivery operations, flatbed delivery centers, et cetera. So we're looking forward to that and of course we have our car delivery and van delivery fast options there with 40% coverage of the U.S. population for low cost car delivery and 70% with van coverage.
Carol Tome: So I think in our guidance, we gave you a DNA number of what did we say $2.3 billion, some of that flows through cost of goods sold. So on the expense line, you could plan about $2 billion of DNA on the expense line, and the remaining $300 million would be up in the cost of goods sold.
Carol Tome: We don't provide quarterly guidance as you know. So I'd like to go back to the half. That's the easiest way to think about our business, I would expect the first half comp to be lower than the full-year comp.
Ted Decker: Yes, sorry, Chris. I would just add on the ticket. The thing that's really encouraging about ticket reasons we called out in an innovative product and more premium roofing and a grill like a Traeger grill. We look at a number of signals very closely. One is the line structure where sales are coming from OPP to good, better, best. We continue to see stronger productivity as you move up price points and we break that out. Second data point we look at very closely is where is ticket growth coming from? And we include commodity, we include tariffs, we include new items, et cetera. And by far our largest ticket growth is coming from the introduction of new innovative items. It's actually much more significant than either inflation or tariff.
Ted Decker: I mean, I will start with what Carol said earlier, and that is, we do use a multi-year average model in terms of planning. And when you look at that model, it suggests that we will actually see spring break in Q1.
Ted Decker: We for years have tried to correlate gas prices to our business. We've never been able to draw a correlation on that. And so, we've - there's nothing built in for that whatsoever and then you've assumed nothing beyond what is in place today on tariffs. We just feel we don't try to plan for something that hasn't happened. As we've said with tariffs that's been manageable good news obviously Sunday and looks like negotiations are continuing but all the tariffs that have been put in place today, we have managed through that without any issue.
Ted Decker: Yes, I would say every cycle, we have had a bad weather. You know, Craig mentioned the huge swings in a market like Los Angeles. We've seen that consistently across all our markets. Last spring, for example, we were delayed and as soon as the weather broke and our business just…
Ted Decker: Just exploded, and we see that across markets now, weekend-to-weekend, so full expectation that when spring comes, we're ready for it. We got great innovative products. We are in stock and ready to go for our customers.
Ted Decker: There's nothing in the guidance for sure. Right, across the board, not just with tariffs but we've seen through '18 and increased cost expectation from our suppliers, just whether it's wages or transportation, supply chain, fuel things that they've experienced. But we've digested all of that, and run that across the portfolio basis. So we don't see any increased pressure going into '19, if anything, as you mentioned, things like fuel and transportation capacity, and hopefully the tariff outlook, all those pressures should be abating a bit.
