Carol Tome: We are very pleased with our gross margin performance in the quarter starting with the benefits that we saw from co-op and rebate. This was effectively reaching higher purchasing turns here in certain categories like roofing. And as Ted described, we just had an outstanding roofing business. So we look into the fourth quarter, roofing can be impacted by weather of course, but we would envision that that performance would continue. Supply chain, we would expect to have continuing benefits from our supply chain as our RDC network continues to mature. I will say however, as you’re building your models for the fourth quarter, we do expect year on year for our gross margin to be down. Why? Because we will be selling a lot of lower margin goods as Ted described in his remarks.
Carol Tome: Thank you. We were pleased with our expense leverage in the third quarter. Marc Powers and his team do an awesome job of making sure that our stores are staffed to meet the needs of our customers. Our voice of customer results have never been higher, while also driving productivity within the hourly sales force. Hourly payroll leveraged 41 basis points in the quarter, but it’s more than just payroll. Marc again and his team have invested in new technology to lower the cost of heating and cooling our stores. Utilities were down year on year and drove 6 basis points of benefit in the quarter. While we had breach expense in the quarter, we had $8 million less breach expense this year than last year, so that was another driver of expense. For us productivity is a virtuous cycle and we see that in the third quarter results
Carol Tome: Yes. Thank you for mentioning that. We will have three months of operations of Interline in the third quarter. The Interline gross margin, as you probably have seen by looking at their public financial information, their gross margin is lower than ours, so that will be an impact year on year performance. I will also comment however that Interline’s operating expenses as a percent of sales are lower than ours so we won’t have an expense pressure from Interline in the fourth quarter.
Craig Menear: Yeah. Let me -- I’ll start with Texas. We have roughly 178 stores in Texas. We look at all the major markets in Texas and they actually preformed above the company average in total. The narrowing of variability by markets, it was roughly, the spread was roughly 6.5% in 2015 compared to 10.4% in 2014. So we’re very, very pleased as we work to continue to focus on high and narrow variability and drive performance up across the geographies.
Craig Menear: It really depends on obviously how this plays out. It could potentially play to a warmer northern, which means we might have a year where we have more outdoor project business running deeper into the season. The potential offset to that is a much cooler, wetter southern situation. It really depends on how this plays. We’ll be in position as we always are to try to make sure we take advantage of whatever categories will be the drivers in the different geographies and then with any luck it brings rain to California, which is desperately needed.
Craig Menear: We haven’t seen a meaningful change in the total average customer spend. We are seeing that growth come from our larger Pro customers and we’ve seen that trend for the past several quarters now.
Craig Menear: Yeah. Weather is a -- as we talked earlier, weather is a factor in our business, whether it is in a particular category. Clearly with normal weather, you’re not selling a lot of the winter categories right now, but time will come on that. And so you do get an advantage in outdoor projects when the weather stays better.
Craig Menear: We’re in the very early stages of integration and we’re working through that. We’re excited about the opportunity. We know that there is an overlap with our vendor community and we will get synergies from that and are beginning to get synergies already. We also know that we’ve taken our first actions on a little bit of the reorganization of folks where we have duplicate efforts that we don’t need going forward. We’re in the early stages, but we’re excited about the opportunities that we see.
Craig Menear: No. What we’ve said Aram is that we will look at acquisitions where it gives us the ability to gain capabilities that we might want to go build ourselves. And so if you think about some of the acquisitions that we’ve done, the BlackLocus acquisition gave us a data science capability that’s being leveraged by our merchants for assortment and price. If you think about the Crown Bolt acquisition, that was basically a company that was built for us that we sold when we sold HD Supply. We got it back. That gives us different distribution capabilities for small packaged goods in our stores. The Interline acquisition gives us the capability to better serve our pro customer through things like open account, through 93 points of distribution where we can deliver same day, next day. This is all about how do we actually get capabilities. Beyond that, really not looking for acquisitions. 
Craig Menear: I would say on that, we already have a model that leverages a nice interconnected complement of displaying the product in the store, but then delivering direct from our manufacturers’ warehouses. We’re leveraging an interconnected model from the day we developed our appliance model.
Craig Menear: I wouldn’t say it’s any more dramatic than we’ve talked about before, but we do look at sales by price point and again this quarter we had a progression of higher comps as you went up price points in an assortment.
Craig Menear: Our large spend Pro, as Carol mentioned earlier is actually comping above the company average and that’s been a driver certainly in our Pro recovery. That hasn’t changed dramatically in the last few quarters. It’s been pretty consistent.
Craig Menear: Correct and again we compete with a lot of folks across each of our product categories and it varies widely by product category. Whether that’s other big box, whether it’s wholesale distributors, whether it’s digital competitors. So we are very focused category by category as to where are the largest opportunities to grow our business and take share.
Craig Menear: Sure and I think that’s the key is, is that based on the weather and we did have impacts from weather last year, it then impacts categories differently from a timing standpoint. As you mentioned, tough winter last year in the northeast. Certainly, as you get into the spring, you see people making repairs on things like roofing and in some cases, a lot of live goods needed to be repaired as well, but then that obviously is offset by categories. If it's a warm winter, nobody is doing -- you're doing outside projects and nobody was doing that last year. Those are the dynamics category by category that affect our business particularly as it relates to start of spring and then through the tail end of the winter season.
Craig Menear: I think as Ted mentioned, while we had pressure from deflation in lumber, we're very pleased with our unit productivity and pleased with what we saw in our Pro business. As we said, the larger spend Pro is leading the pace there and above the company average. That clearly, those lean to bigger ticket projects, the building materials business, bigger ticket projects. We’re very encouraged by that spend with the customer. And then likewise, you look at categories like appliances, that's a big ticket spend as well. So we don't really see a slowdown if you will in big ticket. 
Craig Menear: The way we look at it quite candidly is as one business and an interconnected approach. A couple of things. One, we shared with you that we did what we called cog A, so we looked at normalizing how we account for things in both channels so that our merchants have a common view of all costs and expenses. And then as I mentioned earlier, 42% of our online orders are picked up in our stores. It's very much a blended mix and we look at it as a blended mix. And so we see it more of the same going forward. We’ll probably, will provide a little bit more outlook as we go into our December investor conference in terms of how the business is coming together by channel, but certainly view it as one Home Depot for the customer. 
Craig Menear: I’d just say that we do a lot of deliveries from store today, but Mark Holifield is here. I’ll let him comment on this.
Craig Menear: What I would say on that is the merchants will continue to focus on products that make it easier for our pros as well as our consumers to be able to do those kind of projects.
Craig Menear: Our Pro business in total is good, whether it’s, as Carol mentioned, managed accounts, whether it’s our consumer credit card data that shows -- our Pro credit card data that shows. We’ve lost some visibility in the small Pro with our data breach that we’re working to regain. That’s probably why we don’t talk as much about our smaller Pro, but all of the data points that we have indicate that our Pro businesses is very solid and we’re pleased with the results, whether that’s within categories or whether it’s at the customer data that we have specifically.
Craig Menear: It’s really, really hard to tell clearly. If you think back a year ago on our call, we talked about the fact that we’re pleased that each month had positive transaction growth despite the breach. We again saw positive transaction growth as Carol mentioned just a minute ago. When you look at a two years back comp basis, we’ve seen progression in two year comps quarter after quarter after quarter and we anticipate that we’ll be able to do that again this quarter. So it’s really difficult to get at that number. The only other thing I can tell you is as we said last year, we know that there are customers who were upset based on the emails that we got. So there had to be some impact. It’s just really hard to quantify.
Craig Menear: It’s something that we were watching very, very carefully and certainly thought we might see some impact, but candidly in Texas would be the biggest market that would have those kind of impacts, we really haven’t seen it at all. As I mentioned earlier, all of our major markets in Texas actually outperformed the company average comps and we’ve seen strength across the store.
Carol Tomé: If we look at our managed accounts and those would be large spend Pros, they grew faster than the capital average in the third quarter.
Carol Tomé: We, like every other company, are looking at what’s happening with the wage market. In parts of the country where there’s high employment and there’s wage pressure, we adjust, but we are able to work through to through the great productivity model that we have in our stores.
Carol Tomé: If I could just add a comment from the macro perspective, you saw household formation up 1 point billion households formed in the third quarter, many of those households moving into multi-family units. The Interline acquisitions gives us a great selling vehicle to serve that new household if you will.
Carol Tomé: Right. So you might think well, do you need to buy marketplace? No, we can build that. Do you need to buy a services company? No, we have one. Those are capabilities that we don’t need to acquire.
Carol Tomé: We have a disciplined and balanced approach when it comes to capital allocation. The first use of cash is to invest it back in the business. This year we’ll spend about $1.6 billion in capital back in the business supporting our growth. We then take our excess cash and first pay 50% of our earnings in a dividend and the way that works is at the end of the year, we’ll look at how much we’ve earned and we will cut it in half and that will be the new dividend. If there weren’t ever to be an earnings disruption, we wouldn’t cut the dividend. We would just earn back into that 50% payout and then excess cash is used to repurchase shares.  We think that’s the best use of excess cash rather than leaving it on the balance sheet, which would be value diluting to our shareholders. We do have an adjusted debt to EBITDA target of two times. We’re at that ratio right now. We have used the financial leverage judiciously both to support acquisitions as well as to buy back our shares. As it relates to evaluation of our share price, we do have a point of view. We’re not at that intrinsic value, so as we continue to outperform, that intrinsic value continues to increase.
Carol Tomé: There are ongoing legal fees as well as litigation activities. We’ve estimated another $5 million of expense in the fourth quarter, but there could be more. None of that would be bigger than a bread box. It’s all manageable. The biggest numbers that we had for the numbers that we settled on with the payment card networks in the second quarter.
Carol Tomé: If I could just jump in the market share. The census data, the NAICS score for one would suggest that we have grown market share.
Carol Tomé: The good thing is that over time weather normalizes and if you look at our US comp on a two year stack basis, we’ve seen acceleration from Q1 to Q2, Q2 to Q3 and now with the guidance that we’ve just given you, that’s acceleration into Q4 as well.
Carol Tomé: Matt, if I can add from a macro perspective, as we look at home equity lines of credit, you know they're down 29% from the peak, but 17 million home equity lines have been planted this year and 28% of the banks who are underwriting those lines of credit are stating that their underwriting is starting to ease a bit. But think about how people use their home equity lines. It typically goes into a bigger project, like a kitchen remodel or that sort of thing. It's a bit encouraging as we think about Q4 and beyond. 
Carol Tomé: To your question about where are we on the cycle. We’re doing a lot of work in this regard, trying to come up with our own point of view. One thing we learned looking at data coming out of the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies as well as John Burns Real Estate Advising Firm, is that homes that are older than 45 years tend to be, have higher repairs. And in fact, the amount of money spent on repairs on those older homes is 5.6% higher than the amount of money paid to repair a home that’s about 20, 24 years old. There are 40 million homes in the United States that are older than 40 years. As the housing stock ages, it just bodes very well for big-box home improvement retailers to sell to those customers who need to make repairs in their homes.
Carol Tomé: To put some numbers behind it, if you just look at Pro sales on our private label credit card as well as managed accounts, we know those sales. They make up 20% of our sales in the third quarter and they grew faster than the company.
