Francis Blake: Well, so if you went through the monthly comps that Carol set out, for the months with strong positive comps, November and December, I wouldn't say that, that was because of weather. Or unless you want to put it -- well, there wasn't weather that stopped people from being able to get to the stores. I mean that was really the weather issue in January was I mean, for example, here in Atlanta, I mean the city was shut down for almost a week. So I'd say if you look at it from that perspective, weather was more of a negative for us.
Francis Blake: The key drivers of ticket in the quarter were obviously growth in categories like Millwork, HVAC, some of the categories that actually benefited from the tax credit, as well as a terrific response from our customers on our appliance offerings that we had as part of our Black Friday event, and a follow-up performance in our kitchen business overall.
Francis Blake: Yes, Canada, so we continue to have a little bit of headwind in the first quarter just as you get through all of the tax credit compares and then it should start to turn positive.
Francis Blake: Well, hopefully, we've set out our guiding principles pretty clearly over time which is, first, we invest in the business to support and sustain our company; and then second, we do look to excess cash for buying back shares. And we have an objective of increasing our dividends annually as we approach a payout ratio of 40%-ish. And we're kind of slowly, as you saw from the announcement this morning, we're kind of trending down in that direction.
Francis Blake: Michael, we can't see it. I mean it's an interesting question because you might think you saw just as you said, you saw this spike kind of in the spring and was that coming through more in the fourth quarter. But if you look at where the strength was, I think you'd say it was a combination of areas where we had great offerings and took some share and other areas where you had improvement through the tax credit items that we called out. And then a very, very strong seasonal, holiday season selling that we really don't think was related to a uptick in the housing market as a whole.
Francis Blake: So Alan, I wouldn't say that it's the year of maximum benefit, but it is the year it starts to turn to a benefit as we've been describing this all along. There's an investment and then the benefit starts to come forward. And as we talked about it in December, we saw overall 40 basis points with 30 coming from the supply chain and the RDCs as it picks up. And you start to see that benefit as we go forward in 2011.
Francis Blake: Deb, we've kind of said on online that we're not going to talk about it as a separate business for a while yet. We need it to get to be a more significant than material part of our sales before we break it out.
Francis Blake: But we're very pleased with the improvement we've seen on online. And again, for us, it serves multiple functions. It's not only a vehicle for selling product, but it's also a vehicle for educating our customers around product and projects. So as I say we're making a lot of investments in it, and we're very pleased with the progress.
Carol Tomé: As we built our plan for 2011, we assumed more growth would come from transactions in the first half of the year and more from ticket in the back half of the year.
Carol Tomé: Well, as you can appreciate in the gross margin, there were lots of goes in and goes out related to product mix, and there was some inflation in there as well but nothing material or else we would have called it out. As we build our plan for 2011, it is a commodity neutral plan. Craig mentioned in his comments that over the past 45 days, we've been getting some requests for price increases and we deal with those, one request at a time.
Carol Tomé: To put it in perspective, the benefit we enjoyed from the sale of energy-related products was about 50 basis points impact to our comp in the quarter.
Carol Tomé: So we think the impact of energy was about 50 basis points to the U.S. and appliances was about 120-ish basis points.
Carol Tomé: Well, why don't we put it in terms, if I could jump in, Craig, put it in terms of net working capital, so that would be receivables, inventory and payables. As of the end of 2010, net working capital as a percent of sales was 10.3%, and we project based on the guidance that we've shared with you this morning that it will drop to 9.8% by the end of 2011.
Carol Tomé: Yes, absolutely. Well, as I mentioned, we have about $70 million of expense benefit that we don't believe will repeat in 2011. That expense benefit took place in the back half of 2010. You'll recall in the third quarter, we told you that we had $20 million of gains from real estate sales. We don't believe we'll have those gains next year. In the fourth quarter, we just called out a $24 million year-over-year benefit related to our private label credit. The gross benefit was $44 million. That won't repeat next year. So that takes us to $64 million of expense benefit that won't repeat and then there was about $6 million of other items that won't repeat. And all of that took place in the back half of the year. So that's why the year-over-year earnings is different than the year-over-year sales growth estimate. On the Durbin side, as you know, the Durbin Amendment asked the Federal Reserve to determine what reasonable and proportionate fees should be for debit, and debit makes up about 17% of our tender penetration. Based on the Fed's draft regulation, we think the benefit to The Home Depot could be $35 million a year. Now because it hasn't been implemented, clearly the benefit to us would be less than $35 million in 2011. And because we don't know when it's going to be implemented, we haven't put any of that in our plan.
Carol Tomé: And as we look at our business in February, the first couple of weeks of February, the weather was horrible. But it's gotten better. And February comps are running better than our January comps.
Carol Tomé: Well, I think we've talked in the past about our new checkbook that we introduced in the stores. That really helped the stores manage their operating expenses like their personal bank account. And they have great visibility now when they can actually pull up images of invoices. It's just really helping them get their arms around our expenses. We also have cost-out teams here at the store support center, and these teams go aggressively against cost. We do a lot of cohort analysis. Just superior analytics helping us really getting underneath the cost. There's a sense of enthusiasm. We're really enthusiastic about sales, but there's a real sense of enthusiasm about cost control, too. And we recognize people who drive out costs. You might say, “Are you done?” We're not done if you think about the expense plan that we put together for 2011, expenses would be going faster if we didn't have expense control in place. So we still got opportunities to drive productivity in our business for sure. And a lot of that is coming from the technology initiatives that Matt and his team are driving in our business. With technology boy, lots of cost can go out.
Craig Menear: Peter, we did have an early spring last year, which was a very nice benefit in Q1. I think this year, if you buy into the forecasts it's more of a normalized spring this year. And so we actually anticipate that it provides a little bit of headwind in the first quarter. And then we're excited about our overall outdoor power equipment lineup for this year, excited about the value propositions that we have in Riding Mowers and Walk Behind Mowers. We have an outstanding program in walks. And then as I mentioned, we're expanding with some new product in outdoor power as it relates to continued expansion of lithium, which did very well for us last year. So looking forward to the spring selling season.
Craig Menear: Yes, we did have success with that last year. You are correct. And so we're following on that success. Given all the data that we looked at, we said we wanted to be prepared to capture anything early that we could, given the fact that the projections right now for the later part of the quarter are not all that strong from a weather standpoint. Who knows how that will exactly play out, but that's the decision that we made.
Craig Menear: Yes, I mean, and certainly, we know that if you look over the past couple of years, there's been cycles where the customer has been under serious pressure with discretionary spend. That's why we are incredibly focused on trying to drive great values for our customers every day and focusing on making sure that we're putting the offerings out there that continues to drive our positive comp transactions and really helps drive customers to our stores. So it's a key focus for us as we move forward.
Craig Menear: Colin look I would agree there is certainly been pressure in the last 45 days. I don't think that's going to subside. But we deal with those on an individual, one-off basis. Our first and foremost approach is try to figure out how to work with our suppliers to either leverage our supply chain, leverage how we do business together to try to mitigate the pressure that they're seeing so that we can continue to hold the line the best we can. And really, in terms of our go-to-market approach, that's driven by our portfolio strategy. And we are guided by our portfolio strategy in terms of how we think about applying pressure in the marketplace and what we really want to stand for.
Craig Menear: Well, I think two things. Number one, when you look at the categories that had positive growth that were tied to the tax credits, so we look at that and go, that's not necessarily repeating. So that makes us a little bit cautious as a result. And then the second piece of it is we still need to see improvement in the big projects with the customers; it’s not seeing a lot of evidence of major remodels going on in homes at this point. So that's really the two things that we're looking at from a caution standpoint.
Craig Menear: So as it relates to our strategy first and foremost, what we're trying to do is continue to lower prices for our customers on a day-in-day-out basis and drive greater value for them. And we're trying to manage obviously the bottom line by driving improved efficiencies in how we run the business. So things like the 32% reduction in clearance inventory, which saves the margin line obviously or how we've been able to deliver the improvement to date and still be able to lower prices for our customers. And that's our continued focus. We shared at our analyst meeting that as we moved into 2011 we'll begin to see benefit from our supply chain and much less of it comes from our merchandising.
Craig Menear: Steve, this is Craig. I really don't have a way to quantify it. There's no way for us to do that. But what I can tell you is that we certainly believe that folks will have to repair things. When you look at the amount of ice and snow that existed, you'll have roof damage, you'll have live good damage in terms of shrubs, bushes. Their gutters will need to be replaced. So we're certainly prepared for that and anticipate that.
Craig Menear: Well, so let me start with the repair and maintenance. Again, and we've shared on past calls that, that has been a strength in our business, and certainly repair and maintenance categories continued to perform positively. So the customer is still focused there. As we look at the big ticket, particularly around the fourth quarter, certainly the drivers behind that, again where the great values that we had in our appliance offerings, it's a good appliance time in the industry in total and we kind of went after that with some great values and did very well. But then, you look at the categories that were impacted by tax credits, and those performed extremely well. And certainly, that environment obviously has now changed. So we think that, that adds some pressure going forward and don't really anticipate the same level of big-ticket performance as we move through the first half of the year.
Craig Menear: This is Craig. We gained share in Building Materials, Tools, Hardware, Plumbing, Electrical, Lawn and Garden, both sides of that, as well as Appliances. And quarter-to-quarter, again, that's unit share based on consumer activity. So quarter-to-quarter, those can fluctuate a little bit. But when we look at it on a rolling 12-month basis, those are areas where we're continuing to show progress over time. And I think as it relates to the marketplace, again, we feel that we're applying a significant amount of pressure in the market in terms of really offering our customers' outstanding values. History of our company has all been about finding special buys, working with our suppliers to come up with something that helps them drive volume through their factories. We can pass along savings to our customers. It creates urgency to bring the customers into the store. And I think we did a really good job of that in the fourth quarter, which helped our numbers. And so we'll continue to follow that strategy.
