Craig A. Menear: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $24.8 billion, up 4.3% from last year. Comp sales were up 4.2% from last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.73 in the second quarter, and our U.S. stores had a positive comp of 5.7%. For the first half, sales grew over $2.2 billion, or 5.1%, exceeding our plan even in the face of a stronger U.S. dollar. We are pleased with this quarter's performance. All three of our U.S. divisions exceeded their sales plan with mid to high-single digit comps and all of our 19 regions and top 40 markets also posted positive comps in the quarter. We had a record number of transactions this quarter and our highest quarterly average ticket going back to 2006. As Ted will detail, the core of the store continues to perform well. Our objective is to create balance in our business. During the quarter, we continued to see growth in DIY and heavy pro categories as well as our Installation Services business. During the quarter, we announced recent actions taken to further invest in growing our pro business. We remain focused on addressing the needs of the pro customer through helping them build a better business. This includes providing solutions to the pro in our stores and also at the job site. During the quarter, we reached an agreement to acquire Interline Brands, a leading national distributor of maintenance, repair, and operations, or MRO, products. Interline's expertise in hospitality, multifamily, and institutional MRO, brings strong fulfillment and sales capability to The Home Depot and the residential MRO product market. We believe that we can leverage their capabilities to expand our share of wallet with our current customers as well as gain new customers currently served by Interline. We also named Bill Lennie, a 20-plus year Home Depot veteran, to lead our newly formed Outside Sales & Service team. Through aligning our pro, MRO and Installation Services functions, we believe we can better serve our pro and consumers through a more streamlined and focused approach. I'd like to congratulate Bill on his promotion and also look forward to welcoming the Interline team into The Home Depot family as we plan to complete the acquisition in the third quarter. Internationally, our Mexican business had another quarter of solid performance with positive comps in local currency for the 47th consecutive quarter. And our Canadian business also posted positive comps in local currency, making it 15 consecutive quarters of positive comps. We remain on a journey to build out interconnected capabilities to meet the customers' changing needs. We had another quarter of strong growth in our digital assets with dotcom sales growing approximately 25%, led by online orders picked up in the store through Buy Online, Pick Up In Store, BOPUS; and Buy Online, Ship to Store, BOSS. At the same time, our operations team remains focused on improving the interconnected customer experience in the store. And as a result, we saw another quarter of year-over-year improvement in customer satisfaction scores for our BOPUS and BOSS offerings in the second quarter. Our dotcom team continues to expand our capabilities to solve our customers' needs through our online properties. During the quarter, we improved our mobile experience, invested in content and made site improvements to take friction out for our customers. Our online channel represented 5% of sales in the second quarter. We're investing in our supply chain as well to support our online growth. Mark Holifield and our supply chain team completed the build-out of and have begun to receive product in our third direct fulfillment center, or DFC, located in Troy Township, Ohio. We will begin shipping product to customers out of this facility in the third quarter. This facility, along with our two other DFC's in California and Georgia, will give us the capability to reach 90% of our U.S. customers with two-day or less parcel shipping. We're pleased with the performance in the first half of the year, and while 2015 consensus U.S. GDP growth projections are moderate, housing data remains supportive of the continued growth in home improvement industry. As Carol will detail, we are increasing our sales and earnings per share guidance for the year to reflect the outperformance of the quarter and the expected benefit from the anticipated completion of the Interline acquisition in the third quarter. Let me close by thanking our associates for their hard work, dedication, and commitment to our customers. Based on this quarter's results, over 99% of our stores qualified for our first half Success Sharing, our profit-sharing program for our hourly associates. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig A. Menear: So from a strategic standpoint, we think about Interline and the capability to really take an end-to-end approach with our customers. In today's environment, we have the ability in many of these faces to handle the remodel portion of the business. But don't do as well on the maintenance and repair portion. If you think about Interline, they actually do that side and don't have the capability to do the remodel. So we can take an end-to-end look at how we service the customers and grow our share of wallet with them overall. So, we're excited about the opportunity that we have to not only grow with our current customers by giving them this new capability but also with the customers – the new customers that Interline brings to the business.
Craig A. Menear: In the industry, again I think depending on if you're looking at census data or some of the callouts from folks that have reported, I think there were certainly some impacts in certain categories from what happened with weather as it relates – as Ted called out, the drought in California certainly hurt categories like live goods and mulch and then heavy rains clearly in parts of the country as well. In large part, we obviously were able to offset that and that came through strength across the store and continued strength and balance in our business with our DIY as well as our pro customers as well our services business. And share gains are something that we've been focused on for a number of years now and it's all about staying focused on the value proposition that we give to our customers and understanding their needs. So I think we were able to take share across many categories in the store.
Craig A. Menear: So, we did – so air conditioning is a great point. We did see a more normal summer from an air standpoint in comparison to a year ago. If you look at outdoor garden for us, which was negative in this quarter on the half we had a positive comp. So it's the bathtub effect that usually happens with spring. You never know when it's going to break and what parts of the country. But pleased with the half performance on that overall.
Craig A. Menear: No, we don't have any intent at this point to continue to acquire more capability. We believe with the acquisition that we've made that we've actually acquired the capabilities that we want to have and we'll now focus on how we serve our customers in both sides of the organizations and grow them.
Craig A. Menear: Well, obviously, we're just in the stages of opening our third one and receiving product into that building. So it's very, very early days, but Mark Holifield is here. I'll let him comment.
Craig A. Menear: That's something that we do on an ongoing basis. We have plans that we put together as, if you will, anticipation of events. We're actually pretty good at this, and so we're prepared for any adjustments we need to make as a result of that.
Craig A. Menear: As it relates to the reaction, if you will, of the pro, we've been focused on the pro, as you know, for quite some time. It's a very important customer base of ours. But we do believe that we have a fair amount of opportunity to expand our share of wallet penetration with this customer. We have obviously not completed the acquisition, so we haven't seen any benefit as a result of our intended acquisition of Interline, but believe it's an opportunity for us to expand the share of wallet. As Ted detailed, we are very pleased with the performance that we are seeing in pro categories. And that's I think a reflection of the continued rebound in the economy, the continued rebound in home values where customers are more willing today to invest in their home than what they were obviously during the economic downturn.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, I think when you look at historical trends, we've been so far below the market that at this point we don't think we'll see a major impact to the business.
Craig A. Menear: No, I think as I referenced earlier, we're not seeing a major shift in competitive environment in total. I can tell you paint is a pretty competitive market. It's probably as competitive as it has been. It seems like a lot of folks are focusing there. But overall, I wouldn't say that we're seeing big changes in the competitive environment.
Craig A. Menear: I mean, I think the number of these things that we're working on, as you've heard, around the credit, around delivery and continuing to narrow the windows, the ability with the acquisition to have a dedicated sales force that can hit to the job site, and candidly, the organizational change that we made with Bill are important pieces to allow us to begin to drive change and improvement in the share of wallet with our customer base and to expand our customer base. So we feel like we are working towards all the right capabilities that we need to have and look forward to getting them all in place across the organization and then really looking to leverage that and provide a better experience for our pro customers.
Craig A. Menear: I would say that it's leveraging the capabilities that we've built over the last few years in terms of our assortment planning capabilities and really clustering to get it right.
Craig A. Menear: In comparison, if you think back during the difficult times of the economic downturn, the variability by market was significant in comparison to what Carol just described, where basically the spread is the same as what it was a year ago. So it's for sure stable.
Craig A. Menear: We look at wage obviously on a market-by-market basis. We are constantly and have been for years adjusting based on the market dynamics. We've made thousands and thousands of adjustments this year, as we would in previous years. We pride ourselves on trying to make sure that we have compensation overall that is above market, and that's something that we will continue to focus to do. But clearly, there are markets where we've had to make adjustments, and we've done so.
Craig A. Menear: So our ad spend is pretty flat year over year. And we have been for numerous years now in an effort to shift our spend to new mediums and platforms. As an example, if you step back, several years ago we had on average over 50 print pieces that hit the street in a year. I think this year we'll do something like 11. So we've made a pretty hard shift to new platforms in the digital space.
Craig A. Menear: And more targeted messages, if you will, based on what the customer is looking for. So we are actually very pleased with the productivity of our ad spend and what our marketing team is doing to reach the customer and provide information around what it is the customer is looking for.
Craig A. Menear: I'd start with our key focus around home automation is around product. And it starts with making sure that we're giving the customer choice around product that is enabled. And, Ted, I don't know if you want to provide any specifics.
Craig A. Menear: Just the other comment would be you will continue to see products over the next several years, I think, being integrated into more and more technology. So I think this is an opportunity as we go forward.
Edward P. Decker: Thanks, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We were pleased with our performance in the second quarter as we saw continued strength across the store. The departments that outperformed the company's average comps were appliances, tools, plumbing, décor, lighting, kitchen and bath, hardware and flooring. Millwork, building materials, indoor garden, electrical, lumber and paint were positive but below the company average. Outdoor garden was slightly negative. Pro heavy categories continue to show great strength and we saw double digit comps in water heaters, power tools, commercial lighting, flooring tools and materials and power tool accessories. In addition, siding, builders' hardware, compressors, boards, gypsum, fasteners, concrete and insulation had comps above the company average. The core of the store continued to perform as well as we saw strength in maintenance and repair categories. Air circulation and hand tools had double digit comps. While cleaning, wiring devices, circuit protectors, plumbing repair parts, pipe and fittings and light bulbs all had comps above the company average. In décor categories, tile, in-stock kitchens, recessed lighting, bath fixtures, vanities, ceiling fans, faucets, interior lighting and bath accessories also had comps above the company average. Once again, our events delivered strong sales with the Memorial Day and Fourth of July events leading the way. Our customers responded to great values which drove double-digit comps in appliances led by cooking, dishwashers and refrigeration. Outdoor project categories like soils and mulch, live goods and fertilizers were pressured during the quarter specifically from weather that impacted certain areas of the country like the drought in California and record rainfall in parts of Texas and the Midwest. Total comp transactions grew by 2.5% for the quarter while comp average ticket increased 1.7%. On top of the impact with a stronger U.S. dollar, our average ticket increase was negatively impacted by commodity price deflation, mainly from lumber, copper and building materials. The total impact to ticket growth from commodity price deflation was approximately negative 19 basis points. Transactions for tickets under $50, representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were slightly positive in the second quarter and reflect the negative weather impact to outdoor project categories like live goods. Transactions for tickets over $900, also representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 6.3% in the second quarter. The drivers behind the increase in big ticket purchases were appliances, water heaters, windows and riding mowers. Our journey in merchandising transformation continues. Utilizing our regional merchandising managers and our planning and assortment tools, we've recently refined our assortment in cleaning. Based on customer demand and analytical data, we expanded our offering in the category. In addition to refreshes in subcategories like sponges, gloves, and brooms, we expanded our air care and laundry offering and are very pleased with the results. Now let me turn our attention to the third quarter. We have an exciting lineup of exclusive new products for our pro customers, led by the 20-volt MAX sliding miter saw from DEWALT. This innovative miter saw features the integrated XPS crosscut system that allows for enhanced precision in a variety of cutting jobs. It is compact and lightweight, allowing for easy transport and storage, which will save our pros time and money on the job site. New from Commercial Electric is the LED Smart Downlight. This easy to install recessed light system is wink-enabled, and the color temperature of the lights can be wirelessly controlled through a mobile device. This is the first color tuning smart LED downlight of its kind, and it is exclusive to The Home Depot. For our DIY customer, we are pleased to introduce an exclusive carpet assortment called LifeProof, featuring texture, twist, loop, and patterned styles. This innovative carpet has lifetime stain protection and can withstand common household spills, including ketchup, red wine, and even soy sauce. It offers superior softness, exceptional durability, and is perfect for families with children and pets. In addition to all the great new products, we're excited about our upcoming events. The fall season and cooler temperatures are just around the corner, and we have an incredible lineup of great values and special buys for our customers during our Labor Day, Fall Cleanup, and Halloween Harvest events. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Edward P. Decker: What we're doing in the live goods category specific, we've definitely shifted the assortment into water-tolerant or drought-tolerant species, so a lot more cactus and succulents. We're also diminishing the size of live goods in a number of stores and expanding pavers and the like, as we see people definitely taking grass, diminishing the size of their lawn, and putting in more pavers and succulents.
Edward P. Decker: I don't think we see a loss in sales. But certainly, as Craig said, in timing and the bathtub effect, if you take the rain that we had in Texas and the Midwest, for example, in the earlier part of the spring, certainly sales suffered, and that's part of the pickup you see in our comp in July. The rain finally stopped and all the grass and weeds started to grow. So we had a very strong July in those markets with outdoor garden and indoor garden.
Edward P. Decker: I think the performance of the core of the store, as we call it, is similar. It remains very, very strong. Our hardware business, our plumbing business, appliance business, flooring business, the categories that have been strong continue strong. Our hard set, for example, in flooring, tile and tile set, and wood and laminate, remains very strong. Our power tools and power tool accessories and hand tools remain very strong, plumbing, water heaters, pipe and fitting, et cetera. So that core DIY product and pro heavy product, the rate of sale has continued strong into Q2.
Edward P. Decker: I would say yes, we've talked a lot about the pro but the consumer business performed very well in Q2 and really was the driver of our ticket performance. So appliances was very strong again and that was driven by our Red, White and Blue event around the Fourth of July. The stores really get behind this and drive the business, and I think that's a distinction for Home Depot. Our kitchen and countertop business likewise was very strong in the quarter. I mentioned flooring. We saw strong sales across the flooring category, but particularly in hard surface. And then we even saw things like special order window coverings as we leverage the Blinds.com acquisition. We are seeing nice sales out of Blinds.com platform and the work they've done for our business in The Home Depot is driving that business. And then the riding mower business and walks and all outdoor power performed very well and we have a lot of new programs like the new Cub Cadet tractor that's performing very well for us this year in our lineup of all the top brands and walks. So, very strong consumer and I think in each of those examples are things where The Home Depot is driving the business.
Edward P. Decker: No. I think we continue to bring newness and innovation into that space, both in terms of the product as well as the way we go to market. In the store, we have a number of different sets and configurations in our stores where we're emphasizing based on clustering work where we're emphasizing hard surface versus soft surface. And then the new LifeProof carpet that we just launched, we're very excited about that, that stain-resistant guarantee. We're seeing very strong early results with the LifeProof. So it's all about innovation and go-to-market in the stores.
Edward P. Decker: Yeah. So we're very pleased with that. We have a one or two-bay set in all stores. And then in 500 odd stores at the end of the second quarter, we had an extended set of up to six bays. And we're looking at the different locations in the store. If the category is more productive in the front ends or in bay, so we have various tests going on with those six-bay sets and very pleased. Again, this is very much a DIY auto. It's a traffic driver and a convenience for our customer.
Edward P. Decker: Yes, so we have hundreds of products now that are in some sense interconnected or smart enabled. We're very happy with our Wink platform that is an agnostic platform in that any and all products can link into the Wink system. And I would say that we're focused on functionality versus gimmickry. So the use cases are maturing for the customer and we're seeing products fulfilling use cases, so say in a water heater where if you're away on vacation and you forgot to turn down the water heater, from your phone you can turn down the temperature. You can obviously dim lights. I mentioned the LED light that we're able to change the color temperature of the light. So we're actually starting to see nice features that benefit real-life use cases and we're investing in that product across the store and seeing great lifts in all categories we introduce relevant smart products.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. Perhaps I can give you a little bit more color about the guidance that we've prepared. Included in our growth guidance for the year is about $750 million of sales related to Interline in the back half of the year and about a $0.01 of EPS accretion, but that $0.01 is after the financing costs because we are going to tap the long-term debt markets and raise financing in support of the deal. So the operating profit for the back half of the year is around $50 million and when you add the interest expense and after tax, it's about a $0.01. Looking ahead, we would expect synergies coming off of this deal in a couple of different fashions. First, as Craig mentioned, is the ability to get more sales. We are both selling the customer and we are not satisfying that customer's needs completely. So with an end-to-end process, we believe we will get more sales. That's the first synergy. The second synergy is on the cost of sales. We have 42% overlap with our supplier base. We think there is margin accretion just by leveraging a common supplier base. And then clearly there is SG&A opportunities as well. So, we didn't buy the deal just for – or not buying the deal just for the synergies, however. It's really about the opportunity to serve our customer that we're currently serving today but not serving completely.
Carol B. Tomé: And, Kate, if I could just jump in on the financial side, as you heard, we had great productivity in our supply chain in the second quarter. We did in the first quarter as well. As we look at the back half of the year, we wouldn't expect to see that kind of productivity because as we go into the back half of the year, we have a higher penetration of imported products, and international shipping comes at a higher cost. So while we're going to drive productivity, don't expect to see the kinds of gains that you've seen recently.
Carol B. Tomé: It does kick up in the back half of the year for a couple of reasons. First, we have the Interline acquisition in our guidance, and Interline has a different cost structure than our core retail business. Also, we have some expense good guys that will not repeat themselves we do not believe in the back half, particularly in relation to some casualty reserve adjustments that were taken last year that we don't think will repeat this year.
Carol B. Tomé: And if we look at our managed accounts and those pro customers who tend are using our private label credit card, those two groups of pro customers make up about 20% of our sales. We saw that their growth rate was higher than the company average. So to your question, are seeing a bang for your buck, well, yes, we see sales performance that's outperforming the company average.
Carol B. Tomé: We get a little bit from the economy too. Home price appreciation continues to progress nicely, prices are up 4% and as we talked about, when consumers believe their home as an investment and not an expense, they spend differently and we're seeing that spend pattern.
Carol B. Tomé: If we look at the high end of our guidance which is basically currency neutral for Q3 and Q4, we would still expect the second quarter to be the lowest comping quarter because it had the FX impact in it. So – but there's not a lot of difference, Matt, between the first half and the second half, again, using that high end of our guidance, we would expect the second half to be slightly under the first half, but not materially different.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, as we continue to earn more, that ratio will naturally decline and it's not our intent to let it decline. Keeping it at around the two times is our intent.
Carol B. Tomé: The addressable market is $50 billion. Between Home Depot and Interline, we have less than 5% market share. Just growing in that addressable market of a customer we already serve is a lot of growth opportunity for us.
Carol B. Tomé: We're seeking to understand that as well. We looked at the comp variability by region, and we have 19 regions in the United States. And interestingly, if you look at the high to low, there's a 6.5 percentage point difference. That's exactly what it was a year ago. So we're not seeing any regional differences that really help us inform the shape of the housing recovery. So then we go back to the overall macro, and here's where we see that home price appreciation is continuing. Home prices are up 4%. They have not fully recovered. Housing turnover is higher than what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. We see some interesting dynamics happening with household formation. And in fact, 1.6 million households were formed in the second quarter. This is something that we have been hoping for. Now, not all those households are going into single-family units. They're going into rental units, but that's okay because we can serve those rental units. It's really interesting to note that of the 135 million housing units in the United States, 44 million of those are rental units; and of those, 13 million are single-family homes. So we can sell that customer and now we can sell with the acquisition soon to be completed of Interline, we can sell the MRO customer in ways that we've never sold before.
