Craig Menear: Thanks, Frank, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our performance in the first quarter with strength in our business across the breath of the store. We had positive comps in all departments, except our indoor and outdoor garden departments. The departments that outperform the company’s average comp were kitchens, lumber, tools, plumbing, décor, electrical, bath, flooring, lighting and hardware. Paint, millwork and building materials performed positively while comp sales in indoor and outdoor garden were negative. Spring arrived at various times across the country and we were ready when it broke. In the western division where weather was more normal we had positive performance in all departments throughout the quarter. In contrast, in the northern and southern divisions where weather was significantly colder than a year ago, spring gardening and outdoor entertainment categories posted negative comps in February and March. But as the weather improved in April, our nimble supply chain and partnership with our store operations and field merchandising teams reacted quickly and maximized demand spikes.  By taking advance of this moment of opportunity we were able to post positive performance in our garden business across all divisions in April. Inside the home, we continued to gain momentum in sample décor. In flooring, customers’ response to our SoftSpring carpet, new floor tiles and fusion grout helped drive department comp above the company average.  In bath, our lineup of Moen and Delta Foundations faucets as well as new vanities from Glacier Bay were the drivers of our performance. We continued to see strong results in lighting as customers transitioned to LED bulbs and light fixtures.  In maintenance and repair categories, we continued to see strength with comps above the company average in wiring devices, safety and security, plumbing repair, pipe and fittings, tools, hand tools, power tool accessories, cleaning and door locks.  Total comp transactions grew by 0.1% for the quarter overcoming significant downward pressure from our seasonal business. Transactions for tickets under $50 representing approximately 20% of our US sales were down 1.6% for the first quarter, principally due to our garden business. In contrast, in the month of April we were able to drive positive transactions, including tickets under $50. Transactions for tickets over $900 also representing approximately 20% of our US sales were up 9.7% for the first quarter. Average ticket increased 5% in the first quarter. The drivers behind our average ticket growth were the strength in appliances as well as continued improvement from our pro business. Our average ticket increase was also impacted somewhat by commodity price inflation mainly from lumber and copper which contributed approximately 120 basis points to comp. Now let me turn our attention to the second quarter. We are introducing new technology in paint from Behr's with our new line of MARQUEE Exterior Paint and Primer. This new paint creates a tough non-stick surface that resists dirt and offers advanced state performance for longer-lasting color all backed by lifetime guarantee. Our exclusive MARQUEE paint resists rain showers as early as 60 minutes after application and can be applied in lower temperatures, which are great features for our pro customers.  Also in paint for our professional customer, we are introducing new paint sprayers from Graco. We have an incredible lineup of great values and special buys as well as innovative products for Memorial Day. We are introducing the first battery-powered trimmer that converts to a corded trimmer that you never run out of power from RYOBI.  In store now we have the [Pennington’s feed] Behr’s system. Without measuring, pouring or mixing the system delivers even feeding every time and puts up more nutrients than competing products while using less water. For Father's Day and 4th of July events, we also have an extensive lineup of great value and special buys. These events along with our superior execution in the stores will generate a lot of excitement in the second quarter.  And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Carol.
Craig Menear: Yeah. Gary, we do, in fact, if you go back to the whole 60/40 initiative, over the last four years we’ve reinvested roughly 500 hours per store per week back to the stores for service and that’s reallocation not an incremental add, so that’s really allowed us to continue to sustain a service level while making sure that we respond to the needs of the business. But I think Carol’s point is very key and that is we have an activity-based system, driven by transactions in ticket. So where sales are picking up our staffing has increased. We think we will be in a perfect position to keep up with the trends. We work hand in hand with Craig’s team. So as we forecast events, new product introductions, we will adjust our staffing to make sure we have customers served in a most appropriate way. So we feel really good about the future and how we can keep up with business.
Craig Menear: Yeah, just to reiterate when we got into April and actually began to see a more normalized weather pattern, we were able to actually drive the transaction growth in the company and with the garden businesses kicking in and getting into positive growth in the month of April, it significantly helped that including the lower ticket categories which grew as well. 
Craig Menear: And as far as the competition really it’s still there. We have plenty out there, kind of haven’t seen anything dramatically different in the last quarter but clearly we monitor what’s happening in the marketplace and then adjust according to what we see happening. 
Craig Menear: Yeah. Dave, we have, as you know, we’ve put tools in place to assist our merchants and assorting. We are working on actually delivering enhancements to those capabilities right now. We have been developing clusters. So working to do a better job of assorting locally, following example that would be adjustments in floor tile mix and we had pretty nice performance. So we believe that by working with our field merchandizing team in conjunction with the merchants here in Atlanta that those kind of adjustments are paying off for us and see it in the performance.
Craig Menear: Yeah. In terms of outdoor kind of categorizes in total as we look at it, generally in Q1 that represents about 30% of our business and it grows to about 35% of our business in Q2
Craig Menear: Weather adjusted seasonal sales metric, we really don’t have that. That would be a difficult one to come up with.
Marvin Ellison: Dennis, the only thing I will add is as you know the business is shifting from traditional foreclosures with banks to a private equity funds are going in and purchasing up groups of properties. So we are shifting and adjusting but I think Carol’s point is most important. This is a small business. It’s something that we’re very interested in, we think that we have unique competencies with our pro business, with the products that we sell and our key is really two things. Leveraging our GC network that we have because we are in the services business and the pro business but also leveraging product pull-through, we want those customers to come to our stores to buy products, and those products to be the fixtures, faucets, the plumbing suppliers et cetera that we put in those homes from a remodel and from a maintenance standpoint. So far so good but it is a relatively small business. 
Marvin Ellison: Sure. Matt, we really took advantage of the downturn. We had processes and our focus was really not that good to be quite candidate and so when the market was depressed we decided to invest in a couple of things. Number one, we had a very distinct focus on what we do in the store and what we do outside of the store. In the store was primarily for our smaller pros. Out of the store was for pros that typically would not venture into Home Depot because of the nature of their business. And in the store we focus on speed and convenience. We put in dedicated cashiers for the pros. We put in dedicated loading or we created pro power hours where we eliminated tasking and we want it service focus with specific times of the day and we really -- made a really consistent focus on speed. We leverage the mobile point of sale to help pros accelerate the transactions then we shift outside of the store. We put in a sales force design specifically to go to the pros, larger pros and to make sales calls talking about the features and benefits of working, and buying from the Home Depot. We work with Craig’s team to improve the bid room process. It would take into past days to get a bid back. We turn it into minutes. We continue to listen to pros and just made the necessary changes and what we hope is that when the market started to improve that the investments in training and service that we put in place would benefit us. It’s still very early. We still have a lot of work to do and to Frank point it’s difficult to measure market share, but we have to believe that all of the dedicated focus over the last two years maybe giving us disproportionate benefit as the market improves.
Marvin Ellison: Brian, the only thing I will add is when you talk about the large pro which we define as over 10,000 annual spend, and the smaller pro is improving and that’s a good sign as Frank noted earlier and what we are hearing from the pros is a very simple definition as to why. A lot of the smaller pros basically shut their businesses down and started to work for the larger pros. And so as the business and the market improves, there are more jobs available and a lot of smaller pros are venturing out again to open up their shops and they are back in business. But it’s very early. But the trend is positive. We just hope that it sustains. 
Frank Blake: Well, let me take the latter first. What we have seen over the last several quarters is some of our hard hit markets, the markets that were really ground zero of the housing collapse recover and that’s California, Florida, moving into Arizona, now even Las Vegas and Nevada. So it’s really part of how badly those markets suffered previously and now starting to return to more normal performance. I’ll let Craig and Marvin comment, but I’m not aware of any particular differences in terms of what’s being sold in those markets, we are really selling across the store there.
Frank Blake: Gary, the one other point that I’d add to that on the store, we’re faced with the size of our store, we don’t see a need to substantially remodel our stores or expand them. But one thing that we’re dealing with between Marvin and our supply chain team is buy online pickup in store as -- and buy online ship to store and buy online ship to store particularly that we’ve had some pretty good customer interest in that and so we’re thinking about how do we segment parts of the store to more efficiently serve that customer who is coming in and has bought online and just wants to pick it up from the store. So Marvin and his team are working on to what would we do with the store layout but that’s a slight operation, it’s not a remodel.
Frank Blake: I think the other factor when you think about the growth in ticket as we called out over $900, being up 9.7% improvement in the pro business is also a factor there, that’s helping to drive that higher ticket. While we are not back to historical norms, we’re seeing improvement in terms of unit productivity and the number of items in a basket with our pro customer. And so that’s encouraging for us as well.
Frank Blake: First of all, we said, we are pleased with the performance that we are seeing in the appliance business as we call out it contributed about 70 basis points of comp in the quarter. Our customers are responding to the expanded offering. We completed the initial rollout of our expanded store base, which was 120 stores at the end of last year and we are moving forward, as we call out last quarter with an additional 120 stores. The appliance business is an interesting business, it’s highly repair-oriented, a lot of appliances break every day in the country. So, we do see that as a big repair business. It also does complete the kitchen. So there is an opportunity on both sides.
Frank Blake: Certainly when you can put throughput through the factories, that improves overall profitability and we do have agreements in place with our suppliers where as we drive productivity for them we ensure that productivity and obviously can deliver greater value for our customers as well.
Frank Blake: So, Matt, first off, I’ll ask Marvin to address some of the actions we’ve taken in the store to better serve our pros. But I’d just say, generally, it’s tough for us to measure share period. It is really hard for us to measure share with the pro, because the pro shops ask so many different channels, there are so many different kinds of pros in our stores. So we really don't have a good read through into what -- to what extent do our pro numbers reflect some possible share gain versus the market. Since we started, for several years now we’ve had a notional theory of what we see in the housing recovery and since we are seeing that play out with our pro numbers we are more incline to take that as more general market recovery. But we have done and thank you for noting me, we have done somethings that are very focused on this customer segment things or maybe Marvin you want to comment on some of those.
Frank Blake: I would say, Brain, this is interestingly. This is the first quarter that the pro segment sales have outpaced our consumer segment sales. So we are, I think, appropriately cautious about drawing broader generalizations. As Carol said, we raised our guidance thinking through what’s going to, what we think is going to playout in the second quarter and we are just I would say, it’s a bit early from this quarter to say, boy, this is sustaining. We do like the trend over the last, I mean, definitely the trend has been a positive trend.
Frank Blake: I think what we do, do is we look at this really on a half basis. And we try to take into account both quarters combined to eliminate the shifting noise if you will from year to year and we look at multi-year penetrations by category by week. And this is why as Carol said, we feel like we’ve got an opportunity to gain most of those sales in Q2. You may have some categories like pre-emergent that we may not get it all back. But we feel pretty confident that we will get the majority of it.
Frank Blake: The lumber price has been interesting for the year. I think output in Q1 from the industry was up double-digit US, as well as high single digit from Canada. So I am sure that has a factor on driving the overall pricing in the market. It’s still up significantly year-over-year and I think that’s probably a factor to the recent declines.
Frank Blake: I mean we look at pro categories, Carol called it top 10, we are seeing growth in those businesses and we saw growth in the first quarter obviously versus the fourth quarter which we would expect to see some based on just seasonal. So we are encouraged by the growth across these categories. 
Frank Blake: That really varies by area of the country. And as you can imagine the south peaks several weeks in advance of the north but even in that the peak in any given area can shift up to roughly two weeks give or take. So it really does vary by the area of the country. In some areas it can be as early as week 10 and other areas, it can be as late as 17 or 18. 
Frank Blake: I mean, I think we’ve seen expansion of the project businesses I call out. We have seen nice growth in the simple core, so whether that’s customer taking on a flooring projects or now taking on storage projects, where in the past, they might have differed that. We’ve begun to see those categories have nice growth in the business. So we’re encouraged by that. Other drivers to kind of expansion in ticket is also of innovation. So things like LED, which drives ticket expansion inside of a category, things like lithium technology which drive expansion in tools now across almost five departments in the store, all of those have positive influences on the growth of average ticket as well.
Frank Blake: I mean, it is certainly a portion of this is driven by the growth in categories like appliances which carry a big ticket. But certainly in the first quarter, the smaller ticket was clearly negatively impacted by the lack of garden sales which is a massive driver to transaction on smaller ticket. As you can imagine, lots of customers coming in, buying some bags of dirt, buying live goods, and so on, which carry a much smaller ticket. But as we as we look at the larger ticket, improvement in penetration in lumber with our Pro customer’s, one of the top classes, plywood, dimensional, lumber fall into that, gypsum those are businesses where customers on the Pro side are buying multiples helping to drive the larger ticket as well as you say the appliance business. We’ve seen over multiple quarters, the hard work that we’ve put into things like our kitchen business overall and as well as the improvement of our services businesses, which drives ticket, pay off and help drive the growth in the larger ticker over the past several quarters. We still feel that it’s balanced, that will be driving both -- on an annualized basis both transaction as well as ticket in our business.
Carol Tomé: Well, on the PayPal front, we are very pleased with the year-over-year performance, it actually doubled in penetration, particularly it’s very, very small. We brought PayPal into our business because our customers wanted to use that as a form of standard and so we’re delighted to have the relationship with them. As we look ahead, we set our eyes wide open as to what may be available to retailers from a mobile wallet perspective and there are a number of things that are being talked about as you know, there is a consortium of retailers. We are not part of that consortium, but we are watching what they are doing as [MCS], we’re watching what they’re doing. Obviously, we’re watching what Google is doing. There was announcement about Google. So our eyes wide open. We want to be where the customer is going. We don’t necessarily want to lead the way.
Carol Tomé: Well, it really depends on the nature of the sales growth. As you know, we forecast sales growth 50% coming from transactions, 50% coming from ticket growth. As you saw on the first quarter, our growth came from ticket growth that has an impact on our staffing model, because it’s an activity-based staffing model, but marketing depends tons of flexibility to do what you need to do with certain customers.
Carol Tomé: So we would expect the traffic to come back in the second quarter of course because the sales that we didn’t get in the first quarter have not been lost. And as we look at our garden sales, recall last year we had a really warm first quarter. So we pulled forward about $160 million of garden sales into the first quarter last year. This year we estimate we lost about $188 million of garden sales. But it’s not lost forever, some of it’s lost. But we are going to get the majority of that back in the second quarter and with that comes people.
Carol Tomé: Sure. So let’s talk about this seasonal shift and I am going to do it on a comp basis. So for the first quarter we told you that the seasonal shift to our 320 days is planned on a comp basis instead of the dollars that was $554 million. And looking at the second quarter, we will actually have a lower comp basis and it will be lower by about $300 million. So if you think about what that means, our comps will be higher in the second quarter than our total sales growth. Then looking to the third quarter there should be any meaningful difference in the comp basis and then finally in the fourth quarter our comp basis should decline by about $100 million, you can call it pretty flat. So hoping that’s helpful.
Carol Tomé: Well, if you just want to give us a second we can tell you. So the penetration has changed about 200 basis points year-on-year.
Carol Tomé: Well, let me share with you how we’re thinking about it. Our -- the guidance that we’ve given today, the lift from 2 to 2.8 on comp basis 3 to 4, equates to about $800 million more in sales than we originally planned. Of that $800 million about $340 million was recognized in the first quarter. So that balance we believe will come in the second quarter. And we did that the following way. First is recovery of garden and we won’t recover everything we lost but we will recover the majority. We also believe that we will have additional sales from Sandy and this will all be incremental. So we are projecting $80 million from Sandy and I will tell you that is a projection. Don't really know. And then the rest will come from strength across the core of the business. It’s May 21, our sales thus far in the month are great. So we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we’ve given.
Carol Tomé: Well interestingly we did see improved penetration on our private label cards. In the quarter the penetration increased 119 basis points to 22.9%. And if we look by category where we saw that growth it was driven by our kitchen departments, our millwork departments and our plumbing departments, some of our strongest year-over-year growth departments. So that’s good news. I will tell you our approval rates continue to decline principally because people are coming off the sidelines which lower FICO scores and they're not being followed by. So our approval rates were about 65% down from last year slightly. The average FICO score being improved to 7/10 of an average credit line of $5800. The other interesting statistic that for our existing customers, they are only about 27% utilized on their credit. So consumers continue to be pretty cautious with credit. This thing holds true for pro. Our pro approval rates were about 70%, a bit of a higher line there $6800 but only 20% utilized. Now on the consumer side, as you know the ability to pay or the card act really negatively impacted approval. The consumer financial protection bureau came out with some changes recently which we think will help approval rate. We think it will help grow our approval rate 500 basis points more or less. So that’s good news. This is my long answer to your question but much like the housing market beginning to recover the consumer and credit availability is beginning to recover but it’s not recovered.
Carol Tomé: Well as you know, we’ve given guidance through 2015 which we judge we will get about 20 basis points of benefit from our supply chain by 2015. Didn’t see that in the first quarter but that’s just because of the nature of the seasonal business, IT sales and our supply chain did a great job in the first quarter. But longer term we should enjoy far more benefits.
Carol Tomé: It might be helpful to share with you the top 10 pro classes to the question of what are they buying, it includes plywood, just dimensional lumber, pipe and fittings, flooring tiles, faucet moldings, interior paint, studs and lightbulbs, that’s pretty core to the pro customer. 
Carol Tomé: And we plan on a commodity neutral basis. So as you know we haven’t listed the back half of the year for anything that might happen with prices up or down.
Carol Tomé: Well, April was outstanding month. But I also want to bring your attention to the timing of Easter because of where Easter fell this year versus last year. March was the negative comp was overstated by about 230 basis points which means a positive comp in April was overstated by about 230 basis points.
Carol Tomé: No. We’ve updated our forecast. We didn’t call it because I don’t think it’s really material in a $7 billion number, but it’s up maybe $200 million or $300 million.
Carol Tomé: Well, as you point out, we have a ton of operating leverage in our business and the great work of the team in terms of cost out and just driving productivity, it’s more productive than it’s ever been. We’ve guided to 12% operating margin by 2015. Let us get there and then we'll talk about how much or opportunities ….
Carol Tomé: Well, when you look at that average ticket performance, some of the top drivers of year-over-year growth were in the appliance category. And that’s mostly consumer.
Carol Tomé: And just one thing, we are looking at very carefully and this data comes from CoreLogic and that is where home owners are on a loan-to-value basis. Because once home owners believe their home is more of an investment than an extent, we believe the nature of their spending will change. And so this data came out in fourth quarter, it just shows that it would have negative equity spend may be $10,000 a year but those that have 100% positive equity or maybe loan-to-value as much as 49%, those been close to $3000 a year. We’re watching with home price appreciation, how powerful we move into different spending buckets and then trying to determine what the impact on our business will be. It’s still little early, Alan, obviously because its data is just coming out. But we’re really trying to understand, what it could mean for our and the project nature of our business going forward.
Carol Tomé: Just think about it as of the end of 2012, we still had close to $3 billion of sales to recover from what we lost during the recession.
