Francis S. Blake: So, Colin, it's a little difficult to tell because when you look at -- we had some real strength in interior projects and you wonder whether or not that was driven just because of higher traffic because customers could get to the stores. But our best estimate at this point, is somewhere between 200 and 250 basis points.
Francis S. Blake: Yes. As Craig said, Chris, this is an art, not a science on figuring out how much weather contributed to our sales. But certainly, December was a very warm month. January was a very warm month. And peeling apart how much of that is traffic. So nicer weather, people have an easier time getting to the store versus the more general uplift is just very tough. So our best estimate, as Craig said, is it's between 200 and 250 basis points.
Francis S. Blake: Just how we thought about payables, we looked at it actually from a days perspective and we're projecting to increase payable days outstanding by 2 days in 2012.
Francis S. Blake: Dennis, I think that's exactly the point. I mean, wanted to call out California and Florida because they really aren't weather-related. And so that's an indication that there was more than just weather, which ties back to why we triangulate around the 200 to 250 basis points coming from weather. And I think just exactly as you said, that those markets are more reflective of not a housing recovery, but a stabilization in the markets that we've seen over the last 2 years, as they've just -- they've gotten kind off there, off the floor in effect on housing.
Francis S. Blake: So we had some challenged performances in areas of the southwest, areas of what we call the northern plains, some areas that saw some difficulty.
Francis S. Blake: So, Laura, I'd say just one general comment, which is our market, certainly for us, is very hard to work through what the share gains and share losses are between the government reports and the third-party reports. Frankly, the government reports would suggest that we lost share in the quarter, which we have -- that's a head scratcher for us. And some of the third-party share data also had some interesting anomalies. So I'd say, more of, and I'd ask Craig to address this, I mean, really the pricing decisions are driven more by the portfolio strategy in our customer. What we want to do from a customer rather than from a share gain perspective.
Francis S. Blake: Yes, it's a great question and it's one, it's very difficult to get your arms around. I think it's logical to assume that when you're doing exterior projects in the north in January, there may very well be some pull forward in the business from what normally maybe would have transpired in Q2. But it's very difficult to kind of put a number against that.
Francis S. Blake: Brian, I'd say a couple of things. First, we are now not -- we have no government programs to cloud what's happening. So we've kind of now anniversary-ed the last of that with the tax credit for energy efficiency that Craig mentioned. And the way we look at it is, there are some positives that you definitely see on housing. So you do see affordability is at great levels and you got some shadow of household formation that eventually will drive demand, and then you see some negatives. And clearly, credit availability is one of those negatives that really has to get solved for housing to kind of lead the way on recovery.
Francis S. Blake: Well, so again, the point on the aging housing base is that that is what's been sustaining our business over the last couple of years is the repair, the basic repair business within homes. What we've seen over the last several years is, you can roughly anticipate that growing with GDP. People -- a lot of repairs are discretionary. We see it in our business and, really, what helps us is a lifting economy. And that's why we have positive growth in 2010, positive growth in 2011, and why we think we'll have positive growth in 2012.
Francis S. Blake: Yes. I mean, certainly, we think that as the economy continues to improve, hopefully as unemployment improves, that people will continue to want to do small and large projects in their home. So absolutely, that could improve. But as I said, what we found over the last couple of years is that anchoring ourselves to GDP is about the best predictor we have versus sort of baking in an assumption of what happens with an aging housing base.
Francis S. Blake: Yes. I mean, I would say that there is no question in our mind that part of our improvement in the business has been the work that's been done in the supply chain to make sure that we're delivering the product at the right time in the right quantities to our store. I don't think I can tell you a specific number that's very hard to calculate what that number would be. But we know that by having the capability, to have the right product in the right locations, having it in the quantities that the customer needs, when they expect it. Certainly, we believe has been part of our turnaround over the past couple of years in transaction growth and sales growth in total.
Francis S. Blake: We, obviously, we focus on each segment within the line structure because we believe that there's opportunity in each, whether that's the opening price point, the mid-price point or the upper-price point. So there are certainly areas where customers focus in each one of those segments. But what I would tell you is that we're pleased with the growth that we've seen in particular categories as I mentioned, where customers are stepping up in things like LED technology. There's obviously a savings for the customers that relates to the energy usage in their home. But they're certainly willing to put the outlay out for a higher-ticket product to get that payback on their energy savings. Same thing would hold true in products like lithium technology, where the Pro consumer certainly sees the benefit of added power, longer runtimes, more battery charges in their unit. So they're willing to step up in spend at a ticket that's higher than NiCad. Or customers who are stepping in to organic or natural products, which generally carry a higher ticket. But they see the benefit that, that brings to them. So we're seeing both, I guess, is the way to answer the question. Where the innovation, the value proposition for the customer is there, on a upper-end higher ticket product. The customer is not afraid to spend money there.
Francis S. Blake: I would say in the kitchen business, it's actually been a blend. And it hasn't -- it's not that it skewed one way or another. It's actually been a blend of product.
Francis S. Blake: Well, again, I'll ask Marvin to comment on this as well. I think that a difficult -- it's a little bit like the in-stock rate. You know that being better in-stock translates into better sales. You know that having more customer-facing hours should translate into better sales. If you think about kind of the spectrum of retailers, we are much more customer-assist that many other retailers. Our associates drive a lot of discretionary purchase. So we think it's a plus, but it's very difficult to put a number to it.
Craig A. Menear: And certainly, we're looking to continue to leverage our productivity, but we also want to invest that back in the customer to drive top line sales, and make sure that we're delivering outstanding values for our customers.
Craig A. Menear: Sure, Eric, this is Craig. If we looked at the fourth quarter and in the back half, start with the fact that categories that have been a strength, remained the strength are our maintenance and repair with solid performance as a result. We did have the continued benefit of the repair going on in some of the areas affected by the hurricanes, which drove things like roofing as big repair projects. But we really did see strength across the interior of the store. Simple decor projects were very strong for us in the quarter. That was a -- continued to build on momentum that we had coming off of Q3. And then again, with the benefit of the warm weather, we actually saw project business, exterior project business take place at an accelerated rate, what you would normally expect later in the fourth quarter.
Craig A. Menear: Again, we're still focused on continuing to try to drive value for our customers every day, so that is our remaining focus. We're continuing to work to break promotional cycles in our business. But with the supply chain capabilities that we've put in place, I think, this past quarter was an example of the nimbleness that we now have in our business and we can respond. So we feel good about the capabilities that we've built in the supply chain. In particular, our capabilities to respond to seasonal businesses. So overall, I'd say we're well positioned as we move into 2012.
Craig A. Menear: Yes. I think, the gains that we’ve made in the business, in terms of driving performance, has been really 3 key factors: number one, it's the work that we continue to do on the assortments, to make sure that we're driving relevant product to the customer and the marketplace. The value proposition around those assortments, so that we are using our portfolio strategy to apply pressure on the marketplace. And then third, is our store associates and their ability to drive the business and take care of the customer, get excited about the product that we give them and translate that excitement to our customers.
Craig A. Menear: I would say that you won't see a major difference. Again, we're trying to work to break categories. I've shared in the past, there's particular businesses that are tough to break the promotional cycle. But we're working hard to do that. Our objective is to drive every day great value for our customers.
Craig A. Menear: Sure. Yes, there's really kind of 3 factors that are helping to drive that larger ticket transaction. First of all, we're beginning to see the Pro perform more as our consumer has done over the past. So we're beginning to see the growth there, which is obviously, more around project business. The strength that we've had overall in our Kitchen business and Appliance business, obviously, contributes to the growth in the larger ticket as well. And then candidly, the third thing is a continued innovation that we're bringing to the market where customers are stepping in to better product whether it's things like LED, which obviously, allows them to save energy but, obviously, drives ticket for us or things like lithium technology or our paint offering, where we're seeing customers step up to better product.
Craig A. Menear: No, we're actually seeing improvement right now with the Pro in both areas, both transaction and ticket overall. The other thing that we looked at in the fourth quarter is that, at this point, appears that the Pros who spend more with us are larger Pros, seemed to be performing better and that's encouraging. That they are getting more jobs, more work.
Marvin R. Ellison: Matt, this is Marvin Ellison. A lot of improvements on IT, Matt Carey and his team deserves a lot of credit. We have inventory visibility in the store that we've never had before. Every item is located, so we know exactly where it's located on the shelf in the secondary department. And not only does that help with the transactions, but it saves a ton of productivity for the associates. So they're spending more time selling, less time looking for products. And all of those things, added together, just creates a better selling process and hopefully, we'll continue to see improvements across the board.
Marvin R. Ellison: And TJ, this is Marvin. We talked a lot about initiatives that we put in place. If you think about this service for a second, we had 130 basis point improvement in Net Promoter Score for the overall store. But for the Pro area, it was 290 basis points. So when you think about the sales performance, a lot of that is attributed, we hope and we're cautiously optimistic too that the segment coming back. But also, we believe the merchants, the IT improvements, the service levels in the stores just making it easier for the Pros to shop and when you combine those 2 things together, again, we remain cautiously optimistic that we'll continue to see it.
Marvin R. Ellison: Well, the overall store is 70.7%. For the Pro, I don't have that number with me because the Pro is aggregated into the overall store number.
Marvin R. Ellison: So this is Marvin. We work with the merchants to try to understand their strategic focus for the year, so we can understand where we invest the labor. As Craig's team tends to focus on, the core categories like hardware, we will skew our labor allocation more heavily toward those core departments. We've seen strength across the business as reflected in the numbers. But I think Frank said it very well, hard to quantify specifically. What we do know intuitively is that we're a project business. We sell projects, not items and that require a level of service that you won't see in a typical retailer. So because of that, because of the training and because of the investments of what we estimate to be, on average, about 4 associates added on the sales floor and payroll for service, we think that it is definitely benefiting the business. But again, quantifying it specifically is always a little difficult.
