Diane Dayhoff: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at (770) 384-2387. Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is included in the release and is provided on our website. Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.
Diane Dayhoff: [Phil], there a number of things that drove the differences between the quarters. In the second quarter of 2012 we had some good guys that didn’t repeat, including positive expense resulting from our casualty reserve analysis. As we look to the third quarter and the fourth quarter of 2013, we are going to have higher expenses related to compensation and we are really thrilled. In fact, if you just put our expenses into perspective for you, if you back to the beginning of the year and the guidance that we gave, you fast forward now to the end of the third quarter. We have increased our sales growth guidance by $2.9 billion. We have increased our expense guidance by $180 million. And of the $180 million, this is all implied in the guidance that I given you, of the $180 million, a third of that is variable compensation, success sharing and bonus.
Diane Dayhoff: We will talk more about this at our Investor conference because we are going to lay out our goals for ’14 and we will talk to you about our capital where it’s going.
Diane Dayhoff: Well, sure, as you know, we did a lot better than we thought we would do in the third quarter and the cadence of the business, it’s really our reflection of year-over-year comparison. So we had strong comps, not all three months, but obviously October was our lowest comping months. If you think about that’s when we were up against the Sandy sales in last year and we had $122 million of Sandy sales in October, also, if you think about one of our largest Gulf region. The Gulf region had a terrific month in October, but slowed down year-on-year because the prior year they had double-digit comps coming off of other storm sales. So we were pleased with the cadence of the business and now as we have entered into the fourth quarter and obviously, it’s very early in the fourth quarter, our toughest compare is ahead, our hardest comp of month is the month of December that now -- we lift the guidance today because we think we are going to do better than we originally thought in the fourth quarter and we wouldn’t have done that today, if we haven’t started off ahead of our expectations.
Diane Dayhoff: Well, thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to meeting with you at our conference in Boston on December 11.
Carol Tome: Well, Gary, thanks for your question and for your comments. Thank you very much. We still think GDP is the basis for sales growth, but as you know we have an imperfect but directionally correct model that gives us some insight as to how housing is driving our sales. Now, it’s hard to nail it on a quarter that for the year we feel pretty good about what our model is telling us. So as you know, we’ve just increased our comps for 2013 to 7%. And in case we get there is this way. First, we start with the GDP estimate of around 2%. Then, we add to that what we think housing is contributing to our sales. We look at housing turnover, home price appreciation and new household formation. And when we look at those drivers, we think housing is contributing about 250 basis points of our growth. To that, we add the benefits that we've enjoyed this year from commodity price inflation that’s maybe around 80 basis points for the year. The benefits that we are enjoying from our new expanded appliance assortment that’s another 80 basis points, and then there is about 90 basis from that that’s just coming from other growth via new innovations that we are bringing into stores, great execution by our store associates. But that’s how we get to the 7%.
Carol Tome: Sure. So we’ve regressed ourselves both against 10 year treasuries and 30 year mortgages, to see if there is any sort of correlation and we can’t see it. But all that being said, we do pay the similar attention, as Frank mentioned, to both housing turnover and home prices. And if we were to see housing turnover decline because of a rising rate environment, we would then look to see, what’s happening with the home prices. And if home prices were to decline, then we might have a different point of view on the housing recovery, but we are not seeing that. And for us anyway we think home price appreciation has been the biggest contributor of our sales growth this year. And if you look at the Kasur [ph] data, that shows that home prices are up 10% year-on-year and if you look at the composite index maybe up closer to 13%, but still 25% lower than their peak. So we think that there is a lot of room for recovery and it’s not going to stop in the short term.
Carol Tome: [indiscernible] interesting work that shows people who have positive equity in their home and that comes as a result of rising home prices. People who have positive equity in their home spend three times as much as those who have negative equity in their home.
Carol Tome: So if you look to the fourth quarter, our expense growth factor will be higher than it was in the third quarter for a couple of reasons. It will be higher because of incentive comp. We’ve just raised our guidance, which means we are going to blow through with the plan that we put together, which is great news for our store associates and for everyone who is bonus or success sharing eligible. So that will drive year-over-year outperformance and higher expense growth, if you will. We also put some of our – we’ve got a year-over-year comparisons related to China. Last year we had a good guy in China, it was a $20 million good guy and that will not repeat. So if I look at our expense growth factor in the fourth quarter, it will be more like 50% of our sales growth, for the year it’s 34%. And as Frank pointed out, we’ve got an investor conference coming up on December 11 and we will give you longer term point of view on expenses at that time.
Carol Tome: Sure. I am happy to do it from an earnings perspective. Well, I will give two for both, why not. So we beat our sales plan by about $700 million and we beat our earnings plan from an earnings per share perspective by about $0.10 per share.
Carol Tome: Happy to, in the fourth quarter of 2012, we had 15 basis points gross margin expansion coming from improved strength. As you know, Keith, I -- we’ve been really working on to across much effort to manage our shrink down. We’ve done a great job but we don’t expect that 15 basis points to repeat in the fourth quarter. The other thing that’s happening from a year-over-year perspective is if you look at the nature of the product sold in January, there is margin coming off of that tends to be higher than the nature of product sold both in December and November. In the fourth quarter of last year, we had an extra week, that extra week was in the month of January that had a higher margin rate, well just the year-over-year comparison is causing that 15 basis points decline.
Carol Tome: Kate, that's still an opportunity, isn't it? If you think about it the underwriting standards are very tight. There was a recent survey of banks, 79% of the respondents said that they have not loosened up on their underwriting standards. And you can appreciate that in some perspective because they are all faced with higher capital requirements. They are trying to make a buck in a low interest rate environment. So taking on more risk is difficult for these prudential institutions. But you sure need some movement there because that I think would just be a big boost to the steepness of the recovery. We also continue to believe there needs to be a reform with the GAC and there is a lot of dialogue there but nothing really happening. But if we were to get some movement in the space I think we'd see a sharper recovery than what we are experiencing.
Carol Tome: We will have to figure out how to have normalize for weather, because that certainly impacts traffic. But we will look at that, it’s a good question.
Carol Tome: Yes. We are very pleased with our online performance. We have been talking to a lot about all the investments that we are making from an interconnected experience and it's starting to play out in terms of sales. So as Frank pointed out, about 3% of our total sales are now online, up 50% year-on-year, I can give you a little color as it relates to traffic. Traffic for our company was up 13 million year-on-year, 1 million of that was driven by our online property. But remember, Greg, we look at this totally interconnected, how do we increase [strong growth] [ph] in our stores, how our stores did the same thing for our online presence and it seems to be getting good traction.
Carol Tome: Yeah. Well, our private-label grew from a penetration perspective. They grew 68 basis points in the quarter. We are now standing at 23.4%. If you look at the consumer approval rates, they were up 150 basis points year-on-year, so now 69%. The through the door FICO score is 715. So, it’s still pretty doggone high. But I'm glad to see that the approval rates are up. Those lines for consumers are about $5,700 and they're about 26% utilized. On the Pro, with credit, I think is actually more important. We also saw approval rates at 69%. At much higher rate, the average line is around $8,400 and what we're doing for the Pro is a couple of things. It's very targeted, it's very focused, but for our large spend pros, we will work with them to extend the lines. So we work with the underwriter of the program and we will go back and extend the lines. We think that makes good sense. We also have a card called the prox card, which is a payment term card using at least 30 days. For certain select Pro customers, we will extend the payment days to 45 days or 60 whatever it is on a case by case basis. So we are working very closely with the underwriters to give credit to this very important customer.
Carol Tome: And Craig if I may we saw an increase in items per basket in the third quarter. That's a second quarter in the row where we’ve seen that and that's a contributor isn't it to the big ticket growth.
Carol Tome: Yes so we did about 400 basis points better from a gross rate perspective in the third quarter within our expectations. And we had thought that we would see a drag from appliances, we thought that we would see commodity deflation and we didn't expect to have a good weather in the third quarter. And when you add that all up, that contributed about 230 basis points of that outperformance, because we didn't get commodity inflation appliances grew and weather was the help. And then the remaining 170 basis points was across the store. Let's say, as Craig pointed out, every department was positive. And as we look to the fourth quarter, we're expecting more of the same.
Carol Tome: Well I will give you the dollar and you can calculate it. Last year we had $122 million of Sandy sale, this year we had $10 million of Sandy sale, it's a net deduct of $112 million.
Frank Blake: Chris, one of the things that I think – Carol might want to elaborate on this, is for us a new home construction is less important as a driver of our business than what is happening with existing homes both turnover and most importantly price appreciation. We've long thought that one of the key determinants of our business is do people feel good about investing in their house, because they’re going to see pricing appreciation in their home. And that continues to move forward at a pretty good pace. But Carol, you may want to add into more detail.
Frank Blake: That’s a tough one to answer, Chris. I would say many years ago somebody’s comment and economist’s comment to us was look for when consumers start to think as of a granite countertop as an expense rather than an investment. And our hypothesis – there are a lot of things that people want to do with their home, whether it's just improving the livability or actually fixing things up, that is determined by that investment versus expense factor.
Frank Blake: So Brian, I would say, first off, it has been really for the last several years one of our key indicators on recovery, because the pro customer was hit harder and for us during the housing crash, and now is recovery. Going forward and you see it a bit this past quarter, we would expect pro to be growing at or maybe slightly better than the rate of our consumer. But really the catch-up has happened and now they should both be growing probably at about the same rate. And it will probably bounce a bit back and forth depending on the quarter. Second quarter consumer grew slightly more than pro. Third quarter pro grew slightly more than consumer. But the good news is both are experiencing growth.
Frank Blake: Yes, the first comment on this – as I said in my opening comments, we do find that as – see that as a real positive for the balance of the growth of our business. And obviously it’s something we’d like to sustain.
Frank Blake: Certainly one of things that we’re trying to do is in many ways create our home seasons, if you will. And so we have seen tremendous growth over the past several years with our holiday décor program as a driver of both traffic to the stores, new customers coming in to the Home Depot so that has been nice. We have likewise focused on the opportunity that we have around the gift giving holiday season with Black Friday. We put a bigger effort around that as well, but even with those things said we have a lot of customers doing projects every single day in our stores. And we’re continuing to focus on the core of the store as well, which is a key factor, things like paint remain one of the top categories. Customers need cleaning products. They need bulbs and so on throughout the year. And that’s really been our focus is to drive productivity through our assortment in our base on a consistent basis quarter-over-quarter.
Frank Blake: Michael, you're getting us -- I don't think we have a good answer for you. In terms of whether -- if I understand your question is whether the delta on traffic week-to-week, whether that differential is narrower with a recovering market or steeper. And it's an interesting question and don't have an answer for you.
Frank Blake: So, on the sales slowdown, basically, we are up against $122 million of storm from a year ago. And so that's spread across things like generators and cleaning and those type of categories. Batteries, flashlights, so that's really the pressure that you saw in October and the year-over-year.
Frank Blake: Yes, if you remember right, Eric, we had begun to roll out expanded showroom at the end of third quarter last year actually beginning in the third quarter into the fourth quarter and we thought that we would see tougher comps as we came over those rollouts from a year ago. But that wasn't the case.
Craig Menear: Dan, the -- obviously, the customer has responded well to the expanded brands that we have and where we are able to show that footprint, we are seeing very nice lift in those stores. But also remember that all those brands became available to all stores through homedepot.com and as a result, we have seen nice lift really in all stores and seeing category growth in every subset of appliance business. So we are very pleased with how that is going so far.
Craig Menear: I mean, we certainly intend to continue to look at the opportunity. We don’t see this as a fit for all stores, but clearly there is opportunity for us to continue to improve in additional stores and we will evaluate that as we continue to watch the performance.
Craig Menear: So Matt, the good news is we have our conference coming up in just a few weeks. And so we will be able to lay that out for you and everyone then.
Craig Menear: Aram, it’s definitely something we work on consistently to drive both traffic and ticket. And we do think it’s important. Certainly it’s a measure of how well the assortments are performing within the store. Clearly we have seen nice growth in big ticket categories for several quarters in a row now. And again our pro contributes to that, things like kitchens and HVAC, all that has been positive contributors. But likewise, we have been really focused on making sure that we capture the opportunity for the consumer with the smaller tickets as well and some of the key driving factors behind the lower ticket categories, things like bulbs and part tool accessories and fasteners that are being driven, with larger projects and more pro business, as well as great innovation in products like spray paint and hand tools that have allowed us to drive the smaller tickets. So it’s something that we really focus on to try to bring a balanced approach to the business.
Craig Menear: That’s we are seeing customers’ willing to spend particularly where you are bringing innovative product that helps them complete their job faster, saves them money so things like LED which is a significant premium in the market compared to incandescent or halogen for that matter or CFL bulbs were seeing terrific growth in that as customers understand the value proposition. Likewise when you think about tools, lithium continues to grow. It carries a premium price in the market, particularly pro tools because the performance and hence have been there and we’re in about our fourth generation of lithium battery technology over the past five years. So we’ve seen customers step up there. And likewise we’re seeing customers willing to step up and things that we tested, for example a 100 gallon Japanese maple tree for $3,000 this spring. And we were actually quite surprised at how that sold. So there are customers willing to step up and likewise at the same time, we need to be conscious that there are more runners in the market today less space. So we’re also looking at the opening price point or the smaller items within our categories as well. For example, we added in products in our cleaning where we took it out of club packs if you will and brought in singles and we’ve seen nice response with that as well.
Craig Menear: No, we didn’t necessarily say that. I think the opportunity that we’ve seen is we have customers willing to step up but not necessarily seen the decline in the opening price point.
Craig Menear: I would say that when we look at our unit productivity across many Pro dominated categories, we are very, very pleased, whether that be things like dimensional lumber, plywood, concrete, we are extremely pleased with the performance and actually the growth in terms of quarter-over-quarter growth as well. And it’s a little bit hard to tell you around share with the Pro because it’s a very fragmented market against a lot of competitors, lumbar building material, supply houses, electrical distributors. And that data is a little bit harder to get at, but given the unit productivity we have, we feel pretty solid, so we think we are taking some share.
Craig Menear: Big ticket, right. And then as it relates to big ticket in general, as I mentioned earlier, we've had several quarters in a row now of strong growth in big tickets. And don't really see why that would change going forward, we have continued opportunities to grow big ticket categories. Things like appliances, things like kitchens, flooring all those have been key focuses for us to continue to enhance our offerings, our assortments. And we saw strong growth in those categories again.
Craig Menear: It is. And as Marvin mentioned earlier likewise our installed business have seen nice growth as well and we see that continuing going forward.
Marvin Ellison: This is Marvin. And also double-digit growth in the services installed business reflection our customers willingness to trade up and take on bigger ticket purchases.
Marvin Ellison: I mean across the board, when you think about installed businesses, well you think about carpet, you think about kitchens, countertops, we had strength really in the flooring side of the business. We also had strength across the board from a kitchen standpoint. We are pleased with that business. We worked really hard to simplify the entire offering in the process. As you can imagine, big ticket and also big complexity, so we are working really hard on the customer experience and we are going to talk at the investor conference of our vision of how you take our flooring model and how we’ve really transitioned it into three easy steps with the customer. We’re going to try transition more of our installed businesses to similar format. But overall we’re pleased with that entire business platform.
Marvin Ellison: Mike, this is Marvin. The only I think I will add to that, the expanded appliance offering gave us the ability with property investors to have a better and more economical offering for appliances and so we are seeing strength in that category. Craig noted that appliances was really strong across the broad. The Pro segment contributed to that, other than that I think, Craig answered the question pretty well.
