Richard McPhail: Well, Simeon, thank you for your question. There are a lot of ins and outs. And so that was actually the intent behind the sort of margin case that we put forward. And so, again, just to sort of recap how you get to a 14% margin in that case that we provided. Let's start with the operating expense side. You have a few primary drivers, and I'll tick through those. First, you have the permanent investment in wage for our hourly associates as we transition from temporary support programs in the fourth quarter. You have the continuation of COVID-related operational expenses to keep our stores and our associates safe. You have the overlap of some expense benefit from understaffing in the first-half last year as sales ramped up. So the period, as we were growing staff to meet the sharp acceleration in sales, so that is the year-over-year overlap that you asked about. And then if you look on the cost of goods side, just to cover and come all the way down to 14, we're expecting to see continued pressure from transportation costs, continued pressure from shrink. You'll see pressure reflecting the opening up of our One Supply Chain buildings as we ramp up capacity utilization in that network and a return to a more normal stance with respect to events. And finally, the last comment, getting us to the 14 in that case, is that you'll see slightly higher non-cash amortization related to the HD Supply acquisition. That's about 10 basis points of an impact to operating margin, but that's non-cash. So that's the bridge to 14.
Richard McPhail: And just to add to Craig's comment about market share capture, if you take that 275 basis points and translate that into dollars that share gain represents $10 billion of incremental sales annually to our top line versus where we were in 2017. So you -- as you heard from Craig, scale matters, our position as low-cost provider matters, and our investments put us in position to extend both.
Richard McPhail: And on gross margin, Michael, today, we're not providing guidance. And I can tell you, we're focused on driving gross profit dollars and driving operating expense leverage.
Richard McPhail: I'll go back to Craig's comment on this. Now that the investment program is substantially complete, you're going to see us return to a steadier, more consistent investment posture. And so just think about -- if you're talking about modeling, what that means, we had a three-year period where in many periods, expenses grew faster than sales because of the expense component of the plan. And CapEx, obviously, was elevated. What we're telling you today is going forward, we are moving to that steady and consistent cadence. And so as Craig said, capital expenditures will approximate 2% of sales. And then expenses associated with it are assumed within the margin case that we laid out. And from this point going forward, we intend to deliver operating expense leverage on a consistent basis.
Richard McPhail: So, I think it's important to remember the context that when we kicked this investment program off, we were $100 billion in sales, and now we're over $130 billion in sales. And so getting -- talking about dollars versus percentages, I think, becomes less relevant and meaningful. So what we're trying to do is provide you with sort of our stance going forward, which again, is going to be steady and consistent. And so if you take the case that we laid out, which is simply the case, where we would expect at least 14% operating margin in a flat to slightly positive comp environment, that would include our view of all operating expenses. And going forward, we expect and intend to deliver operating expense leverage on a consistent basis.
Richard McPhail: We're not going to speculate, Michael. We do retain a good degree of financial flexibility, but our actions will truly depend on the circumstances that are present at the moment.
Richard McPhail: I would disagree with your last statement, but I can tell you that our focus is driving incremental operating profit dollar growth and earnings growth, and we do that. Everything we do eventually directs itself towards driving sales productivity or cost productivity. And so that's what we're focused on. At the end of the day, it's about operating profit growth. And that's what we're focused on.
Richard McPhail: Yes. And on shrink, we saw pressure on a year-over-year basis in 2020, and that pressure was pretty consistent across the quarters. At this elevated level of sales, though, it's harder to tell the degree of the impact we've made. So, we're going to keep watching it and working the problem.
Craig Menear: Simeon, our overall philosophy hasn't changed from the timeframe that we started the accelerated investment. We said that we needed to do that because we had to get ahead of where the customer was taking us. And that's why we made the investment that we did in terms of the $11.1 billion. And the intent behind that was twofold. Number one, we wanted to be able to grow faster than the market, gaining share in the marketplace and then accelerate our incremental op margin dollar growth. Since we started the program in fiscal 2017 through 2018 to 2020 and market share is a little elusive in our market. But based on the best data we can get, we believe that we've captured about 275 basis points of share growth during that timeframe. And so that has -- during the whole investment, we're taking share. And so going forward, our approach is to make sure that we are investing on a more steady cadence what we need to in the business to make sure that we can stay ahead of the customer and we can continue to gain those kind of accelerated share growth opportunities going forward. And our focus is around really optimizing op margin dollars. And if we can do that and drive incremental op margin dollars, we'll let rate fall where it falls.
Craig Menear: First of all, we're thrilled with the acquisition of HD Supply. They are clearly a leader in the MRO space. And it really strengthens our position in a $55 billion fragmented market opportunity. And so, we're super excited about that. We're going to take our time and look at how we encompass all the assets that exists between the formerly Interline and now HD Supply and we'll put a plan together that will allow us to use all that asset base to be able to grow and capture share in the MRO market. We're super excited about that opportunity.
Craig Menear: I mean, that's clearly why we made the acquisition. We want to accelerate growth in that space. And it's a great space and allows us to penetrate into a housing segment that was more difficult to penetrate with the orange box. So, we're super excited about the opportunity.
Craig Menear: Chris, we're using the CapEx expense of approximately 2% of sales is kind of a rule of thumb. We clearly have flexibility in that, but the most important thing is we know that in today's world, retailers have to continue to invest to be able to stay with customer needs and expectations and those that haven't done that over the years, unfortunately, the road is littered with retailers that didn't do that. And so we'll never put Home Depot in that position. And we believe that, that 2% is a good rule of thumb for us to think about. And then, embedded in our operating margin going forward is the associated expense with capital spend, and that varies depending on what type of expense you have, but our focus is now that we're past our large part, past our accelerated investment period, we're going to get back to operating leverage.
Craig Menear: Sure. So from '18 through '20, it was roughly 275 basis points of share gain that we saw. And again, the intent of the investments, both the previous three years where we needed to kind of jump-start and get ahead of the customer and what we're building out and the capabilities going forward, we believe will position us well to continue to gain share really in all of the segments that you just called out, DIY, Pro and in the MRO space. That's our focus. That's what we're trying to get done. We are investing in what we believe the interconnected element of how the customer is engaging in retail today is hugely important, particularly in our space, the project business, where the customer is blending both the physical and digital worlds to be able to complete their project. We're seeing that ongoing. We are excited about the engagement that we've had with new customers into the business with the expansion of the millennial generation in home improvement and home ownership. And we believe that these investments ongoing will allow us to be in a position to continue to capture outsize share. That's why we made them. That's what we're focused on and what we see going forward.
Craig Menear: I don't know if it's helpful, but just on -- in the context of kind of the market to market moves, that represents roughly 18% to 20% of our volume that moves as commodities move on an ongoing basis.
Craig Menear: And just -- I mean, remember, our largest cost in the business is our cost associated with payroll, and that is driven on a transactional basis. It flexes with volume.
Craig Menear: Yes, Karen, it's really difficult to try to quantify a Pro backlog. The only thing we can share with you is what our Pros tell us and that their jobs are building. We've seen an acceleration of the Pro business from quarter-to-quarter. And as it was called out in the fourth quarter, we actually had our best quarter of the rolling 12 with the Pro. I think the thing that is really interesting is the fact that on the DIY side, we've seen the acceleration of the millennial generation engagement with home improvement and home ownership. And over time, the thing that will be interesting to watch is, has that, in fact, expanded the market? That's an interesting question that we don't know the answer to, but we're watching carefully. So we think there's a lot of opportunity as we go forward.
Ted Decker: Yes. Scot, the capability set of those two combined companies, far and away, the strongest distribution network. I mean, this is a distribution business in looking at integrating the two supply chains to, by far, the leading national distribution network. And then increasingly digital, transacting digitally and being able to put the capabilities that we have built with our digital assets for the consumer business, our B2B assets, and HD Supply starts with a very healthy and well-performing site as well. And then add the sales force in thousands of folks on the street with, by far, the largest distribution sales force in this space. So you put all that together, you have a much stronger calling card when you go to see new and prospective customers.
Ted Decker: So on the inventory position, Michael, as I made comments in my prepared remarks, we feel great about going into the spring. Our in-stock positions have been gaining ground while we've supported that $21 billion of comp growth. You just think of the physics of moving that much cube through our network, we were able to do that while continuing to improve our in-stock levels. We -- our store inventories are, as you see in our release, about $2 billion over, and we have plans to increase that further. As we went into the pandemic, last year, we took some very aggressive actions, as we've said, with a focus on safety for our customers and our associates. We backed off a lot of promotions. And when we backed off those promotions, we also backed off inventory. We are now preparing for a more normalized spring, and we're putting that inventory back into our forecast. So, we'll have an even stronger inventory position where we sit today as we go into the height is spring. So, we just feel great. The supply chain teams, our supplier partners, our merchants have worked hand-in-hand to get that type flow into our building to the spring season, and we'll be in a much better position than we were last year to capture that demand.
Ted Decker: What they've been reporting, they don't include the supply chain expenses. So we'll make that like Home Depot with supply chain and four-wall distribution in the gross margin, not as an operating expense. And then the other one on lumber, on lumber, we don't plan lumber commodity price moving up or down. It's obviously been a huge impact in 2020. It's about $1.7 billion of sales was attributed to lumber price inflation over the course of 2020, but we don't even shoot at what that might do. We just assume that the levels will stay as they are as we exit the year. And as you know, we have a very flexible supply chain, particularly in lumber. We have our bulk lumber DCs where we're taking product in from our supplier partners in shipping those real-time daily lumber deliveries to the stores. So we never have huge quantities of inventory to get trapped with a good guy or a bad guy. So it's pretty fluid in mark-to-market. And again, don't make any sort of predictions of whether that's going to go up or down in help or hurt.
Ted Decker: Yes. I'd say that there's no doubt commodity prices are on a tear right now. We were just talking about lumber prices, and we hit all-time record highs, over $1,000, 1,000 board feet last week, which is up a staggering 140-odd percent from the prior year. A stick of lumber that was $2 odd dollars is now over $5. Similarly, copper hit 4 11. Yesterday, I believe that's a 12-year high. Those type products, copper and wire, lumber, obviously and all stick goods, those are priced to market by virtually everyone in the marketplace. So, we don't have a lot of anxiety around managing the commodity flows. As it comes to transportation and which are real transportation costs and suppliers who are obviously seeing some cost pressures, we've managed that for 41 years. There's been periods of hyperinflation. There have been periods of muted inflation. We run this as a portfolio. We work closely with our supplier partners to be the advocate for value for the customer. And as I think about all that's going on now, I reflect back to the tariffs and I guess I want for that was our biggest issue when we were managing tariffs. But tariffs and now the commodity environment is just one more in a string of market dynamics that our merchant teams have worked through for 41 years.
