Craig A. Menear: Thanks, Frank, and good morning, everyone. Sales in the third quarter were driven by continued strength in the core of the store, as well as storm recovery. We saw growth in both average ticket and transactions during the quarter. 10 of our departments posted positive comps for the quarter. The departments that outperformed the company's average comp were tools, electrical, indoor garden, building materials, plumbing and hardware. Paint, flooring, lighting and kitchen showed positive comps. Comps in lumber, outdoor garden, bath and millwork were negative for the quarter.  Cleanup activity from the impacts of Hurricane Irene and the resulting flooding led to strength in storm-related products, such as generators, pumps, extension cords and wet/dry vacs. We also saw a continued strength in roofing and gutters as customers repaired damage from early harsh winter weather. We estimate that the impact of storm-related sales to be approximately a point of comp.  The temperatures normalized after a hot August, and we saw our customers return to simple outdoor projects in outdoor living categories. We're particularly pleased to have posted positive comps in categories such as patio furniture, fireplace, walk-behind mowers, grills and lawn accessories given the strong performance we saw in outdoor living categories during the third quarter of 2010. Outdoor projects, such as fencing, exterior stains, exterior paint and irrigation also performed well in the quarter.  We did see some regional variances. For example, with drought-like conditions in parts of the southern division, we saw tough sales of riding mowers and live goods, partially offset by strong sales of water.  The maintenance and repair categories that make up the core of our store continued to perform well. Project basics, such as pipe and fitting, fasteners, air circulation, hand tools, chemicals, clocks and appliance parts, were positive. And as customers prepared for winter, small maintenance projects like installation and waterproofing also sold well.  Great brands and innovative products led to positive performance in portable power, Power Tool Accessories and Hand Tools during the third quarter. We offered outstanding values in power tools from brands like Ryobi, Milwaukee, Makita, RIDGID and DEWALT and we're seeing consistent response to these brands from our customers. We have also seen positive results from our Pro customers in Hand Tools from the Milwaukee and DEWALT lines that are exclusive to The Home Depot.  We continue to deliver innovation through the extension of our LED light bulb offering for the home. At the beginning of the third quarter, we added the first 2 LED bulbs that will fit most customers' recessed cans. Additionally, we just added the first commercially available 75-watt equivalent LED A-line replacement.  We saw our total transactions grow by 1.2%, while average ticket also increased 3% for the quarter. The transactions per tickets under $50, representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were flat for the third quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our ability to manage effectively against categories that were significant transaction drivers in the third quarter of 2010. Transactions for tickets over $900, which also represent approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 3.6% in the third quarter. Strength in roofing and generators contributed to the growth in our average ticket.  During the third quarter, lumber prices were essentially flat to last year. Concrete pricing was elevated but began to come down at the end of the quarter. The total impacts to comp from commodity inflation during the quarter was approximately 40 basis points.  As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we're facing the anniversary of the expiration of an energy-efficient tax credit in the U.S. that increased sales in millwork and home services during the fourth quarter of 2010. We are also lapping strong performance from our Gift Centers, as well as our Black Friday line up last year. We planned for this, and we're projecting to deliver positive comps in the quarter. We're excited about our decorative holiday and Gift Center offerings, as well as our Black Friday lineup.  We have expanded our LED Christmas light selection to over 70 different options, and earlier this month, we gave customers rebates for trading in old incandescent strands. We also have added several new holiday decoration offerings from Martha Stewart. Our Gift Center offers outstanding values, with strong lineups of hand tools, power tools, safety items, tool storage and special buys. And finally, we have a strong line up of special buys for Black Friday, including appliance offers.  We're excited about the products and values that we have to offer our customers in the fourth quarter and we invite you to visit us in store, online or through our mobile apps to check them out.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Craig A. Menear: Right, we're definitely seeing the pressure from the growth in millwork last year versus this year. It was one of the areas that we negative comped in, in the third quarter. We anticipate that it will be a very tough comp in the fourth quarter based on the overlap of the tax credit.
Craig A. Menear: Michael, we're always trying to build the business to drive comp performance year-over-year. And I think the key focus that we've been trying to have for the past several years is to drive everyday great value for our customers, to build our business bay by bay so that we're driving consistent performance. Certainly, we go in and we create events. We're conscious of the fact that we need to, in total, cover that volume, but it doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to cover in that category.
Craig A. Menear: I don't think there's anything structural there. I think it's just there's activity in the marketplace. We have a portfolio strategy. We're comfortable with the position that we take in appliances, not looking to be the leader in that business.
Craig A. Menear: On the appliance front, we've seen the market be fairly aggressive in this category. We see that it's off to a strong start in terms of the promotional activity, if you will, in the business as we head into the holiday season here. We're candidly pretty comfortable with the plans that we've put together for the business in the fourth quarter. So again, it fits within -- our plans fit within our portfolio strategy overall.
Craig A. Menear: Sure. I mean, all of the tools that we've been building and putting in place -- the forecasting system that was put into place has helped us better manage the inventory on a day in, day out basis. We've absolutely worked hard over the past several years to do a much better job of managing our seasonal inventory. But now, we're seeing benefits come through in our basic categories as a result of these tools that we've put into play. Obviously, the RDC allows us to effectively put inventory where it's needed, with the last minute allocation that's put into place. So it's all of these elements that are coming together that's helping us leverage the inventory investment.
Craig A. Menear: That's the most important thing, is the fact that when we look at inventory productivity, that is always measured against in-stock. And so we're constantly making sure that as we look at the investments we're making in the inventory that, that is balanced by the fact that we have to continue to improve our in-stock position for our customers, which we have.
Craig A. Menear: I think what's happening is as you mentioned, certainly as I call out, roofing, generators, those type of things that are storm related, certainly helped. But the fact that we had a positive comp growth in our kitchen business again is an indication of the work that we've done to really develop the business, give value to the customer across any way they want to buy a kitchen, whether that's in stock, take it home today, special order, have their cabinets refaced. All those being positive, being a bigger-ticket sale, has contributed to the past few quarters in terms of the big ticket growth. And candidly there, that's an area where we're taking share because the industry itself isn't growing from everything we can gather from our supply base.
Craig A. Menear: And again, as I mentioned, we were aware that we have to deliver upon those comps. We've built programs across the store to be able to do that. There's businesses, for example, where the continued development of LED helps drive increase in ticket inside of that category. Lithium tools, for example, carries a higher ticket than NiCad power tools. So there's elements across the store that we're driving to continue to build the ticket in our business.
Craig A. Menear: So first and foremost, from a go-to-market strategy, ground zero for us is our portfolio strategy. We always go back to our portfolio strategy. What is it we want to stand for? How we drive the business? That determines both assortment strategy, as well as our go-to-market pricing strategy in the business. We've been focused for a number of years on driving to everyday great value for our customer. That remains our focus. Certainly, we have categories like appliances, where the industry still remains promotional. It's difficult to break those businesses as hard as we're trying. But our focus is really on trying to drive great value for our customers everyday. When we look at competition, we look at competition across a broad segment. It's not just our largest competitor in this space. We compete against multiple people, independents, as well as online competitors. And we're constantly looking at how we react to the market. Again, our portfolio strategy guides, where we react and how we react to what -- adapt and react in a given category. But that's a constant monitoring, both of brick-and-mortar retail as well as online retail, and making adjustments in our business to make sure that we're delivering value for our customers.
Craig A. Menear: Yes. I haven't seen in our numbers any dramatic change in competitive price match data. We are constantly monitoring the market on a weekly basis, proactively making adjustments in our business as we need to.
Craig A. Menear: So we're pleased with how our total online business is progressing. We have currently about 9.5 million visitors to our site a week, which compares to about 6.5 million back in 2009. We continue to add SKUs to our business overall. We're north of roughly 300,000 SKUs at year end. And we made a number of changes to our site, as you probably have seen. So we're very pleased with the progress. We're obviously making an investment in our operating system right now, but our business hasn't reached $1 billion in total yet.
Carol B. Tomé: Right. And you've seen that this year, we raised to $1 billion of incremental debt earlier in the year while maintaining that 2x ratio. So looking ahead, as our earnings grow, it gives us more borrowing capacity and financial flexibility. But we also think in this low growth economic environment, a solid financial condition is a competitive advantage and we're really pleased with where we are. Now you might say, "Oh gosh, interest rates are low. Don't you have an opportunity to borrow?" Our perspective is interest rates will remain low for a while, so no hurry to rush out to the market.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, sure. In the third quarter, our expenses grew about 59% of our sales growth rate and there are a couple of factors you need to keep in mind. First, we did have $26 million of natural disaster expense arising from flooding. And then last year, you may recall, we had a $20 million gain on the sale of real estate that didn't repeat this year. So there's a little bit of year-over-year distortion. For the full year, we're expecting our expenses to grow at about 20% of our sales growth rate. And that's a real tribute to just the great work that the team is doing in driving productivity in all expense lines.
Carol B. Tomé: It's such a great question in terms of the right ratio because all day long, from an academic perspective, we should say that really, we should put a lot more leverage into our capital structure, perhaps go down to a BBB rating or less to optimize the weighted average cost of capital. And yet when you look at it, you really believe it can create shareholder value that way. We think that by maintaining an adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio of 2x, we're projecting growth in 2012 and beyond. That's going to add additional borrowing capacity into our capital structure, afford us a tremendous amount of financial flexibility.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, as you know, we're investing our capital in our existing business. As we think about financial flexibility, what our actions have shown is that we use it for the shareholders. So when we borrowed the $1 billion this year, we returned that to the shareholders through an accelerated share repurchase.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, if I could just jump in and then Craig will comment, November is our toughest comparison, as you know, and we're positive comping thus far this month. If you look at the performance by category, millwork is one of our softest categories.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, generally, we've been on a cadence of lifting the dividend every year in the January, February timeframe. As we sat back and looked at the performance of the business, the confidence that we have in all the initiatives that we've got underway and our prospects for the future, we said there's no better time than to lift the dividend. Now, you shouldn't expect us to lift the dividend again in January or February of 2012. You should expect us to come back at the end of 2012 or the beginning of 2013 to look to lift the dividend again. We felt there was no better time. We also just wanted to add a little bit more definition around the targeted adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio. I can't tell you the number of times we get asked, "When are you going to lever up to 2.5x?" We set 2.5x as a cap, not a target. We are now setting 2.0 as the target, and we will maintain the target.
Carol B. Tomé: And if I could just jump in, some of the costs that we did experience was capitalized cost associated with new technology. So if you look at our capital spending, it's up year-on-year and most of that delta is in the area of technology.
Carol B. Tomé: We look at the world, is the broad answer. It's hard to look at a retailer to say, "Ah-ha, this is a company that we want to emulate." So we look broadly at the Dow Group of Companies, the S&P group of companies. There's some really good stories out there to follow. One good story would be McDonald's. We love what McDonald's has done, but there are other companies as well.
Carol B. Tomé: So I'll start with the cadence on the buybacks. We gave some color today, hoping it would help you build your models. The way I would think about it is we're spending $2.5 billion with cash generated from the business to buy back shares this year. So you should assume at least $2.5 billion next year. That would mean $2.5 billion in '13, with remaining $1.4 billion in '14. However, as we just talked about, with increased earnings, we will have borrowing capacity. Just like we did this year, we raised $1 billion that takes us to the full $3.5 billion. So as we look at next year, we'll have borrowing capacity which would allow us to accelerate some of the share repurchases. I don't want to tell you the day, the time as we sit here in November because we want to be opportunistic in terms of debt capital raising. But there is clearly an opportunity to accelerate it, but hopefully, this is helpful from a modeling perspective.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, we're thrilled with our inventory performance, and we've just spent a lot of money transforming our supply chain, so we're hoping to see this come through. As you know, we've committed to get a full turn of improvement over the next several years. If you look at where we are seeing it, part of it is really just in terms of the quality of the inventory. Our clearance levels are as low as they had ever been in our company history. And then Craig, you might want to give some color on just how we're going about forecasting and. . .
Carol B. Tomé: And then if I could just jump in, I would say in-store execution is also helping. So Marvin, you might want to give a couple of comments about power packdown and what we do there.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. So we should show some -- modest improvement in inventory turns year-on-year by the end of the year. That certainly is our target and we're on path to deliver that. As we look to 2012, we'll give you more color in February, but I can tell you we're building our plans right now and we're building working capital as a source of cash for 2012.
Carol B. Tomé: The other thing, we've just started up a new consumer insights team and we're getting some very interesting data. If you look at the third quarter, both our transactions and our ticket grew, as you know. But when you break it down between consumers and Pro, we saw an increase in transactions and ticket for the consumer. But in the Pro, transactions were down but the ticket was way up. So the Pro who's shopping with us is more sticky and is buying more with us.
Carol B. Tomé: And we view broad discounting with a great deal of caution, and we have competitors who do offer broad discounts like with their private label card or something like that. And we aren't seeing that we have to match that.
Carol B. Tomé: Today, we have a split rating. We got a BBB+ rating from S&P and a weak single A from Moody’s. We think having an unsplit rating would be good, so a weak single A would be a good target for us.
Carol B. Tomé: This is also the impact of the energy tax credit. In the fourth quarter of last year, we estimated it drove about 40 to 50 basis points of comp in the fourth quarter. As we've reflected on it and done additional work, it was an even bigger contribution. So that's not repeating this year.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, you'll recall when we had our Investor Day back in 2010, we said we'd get 40 basis points of margin expansion off of the supply chain. I think there is more upside opportunity to this than down just looking at the performance for the past 2 quarters, which gives us just a tremendous amount of confidence in our treck towards that 10% operating margin that we really believe we'll deliver by 2013.
Carol B. Tomé: I commented on the gross margin aspect, on the labor productivity. You're seeing it today. We leveraged hourly payroll in the quarter by about 38 basis points. So it was the key driver of the leverage that we experienced. And supply chain is a piece of this. All the new tools that Marvin and his team have introduced is another piece of it.
Carol B. Tomé: The actual numbers for the comp in the U.S., the comp ticket was up 2.7% and the transactions up 1.1%.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, there's probably some modeling nuances going on because we're showing that we will leverage expenses in the fourth quarter.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. We're very pleased with how our private label credit card is performing in this environment. We saw a slight tick down in penetration, about 17 basis points to 22.7%. But the reason why I say we're very encouraged and pleased with the performance is simply when we look at new accounts. As you may recall, we have a consumer card and a Pro card, and 70% of the penetration is on the consumer, 30% on the Pro. If we look at approval rates for our professional contractors, they're up 300 basis points year-over-year. That's great news because you know how important the Pro is to us. If we -- yes, it's great. If we look at approval rates for the consumer, however, they're down about 400 basis points. And the reason why they're down is because of the requirements pursuant to the CARD Act and the ability to pay. It's very cumbersome to apply for a consumer card in our stores and it's cumbersome on our part. It's cumbersome on the part of our underwriter. So we have a number of changes underway to make it less cumb ersome, and we believe that will help increase the approval rates. It's not that the quality of the applicants is bad. It's just they don't have all the information necessary to get approved. Now our approval rates are still pretty good. They're 71%. So that's still pretty good, but we think if we simplify it, we'll get it even better.
Francis S. Blake: Yes. And I would also say, Colin, this is not a signal that there's something different in our minds internationally or anything like that. In fact, I mean, this is really just a slight move from what we've previously said and no move at all from what we've been doing over the last 3 years.
Francis S. Blake: So that's -- look, Michael, that's a great question, great comment. These things are situational. So as the situation changes, we could obviously change what our target is. But as Carol said, we thought for the purposes of transparency, it was better to say, "Hey, this is what we've been doing for this -- for the last 3 years." We don't see this changing going forward. When we do see it, if circumstances change, growth starts to accelerate a lot more, then you might have a different answer.
Francis S. Blake: Well, Eric, that's -- our job is to continue to invest in the business so that we position ourselves to continue to gain market share. That's -- we don't stop. It wasn't like 2010 or 2011 we look at as one-off years. It's a sustaining effort, and that's really the purpose behind our investments on supply chain, merchandising tools and in the operational side.
Francis S. Blake: Yes. I think if you go back to the fourth quarter of 2010, I mean, it was a significant outperformance in 2010. And as we called out at the time, around our seasonal and appliance offerings. We know, as Craig said, that's in our plans for how we approach the fourth quarter but that delta performance was probably a one-off in that quarter.
Francis S. Blake: So TJ, as Carol referenced and kind of if you take a step back, we had, had an outside third party firm that was helping us do consumer insights. We've now shifted and have that capacity in-house. And some of the very basic data is what we're just getting now, but it is just starting now. So around the very broad, "Hey, here's what your Pros are doing. Here's what your consumers are doing." So we really don't have additional items to share with you all.
Marvin R. Ellison: This is Marvin. From a cost standpoint, the answer is no real incremental cost. These are big initiatives and the goal is to hit our 60-40 ratio of service and task. So the goal primarily is to drive productivity. We believe that we're going to see productivity improvements in the short term, but more productivity improvements will be in 2012 and going forward.
Marvin R. Ellison: Dennis, as a little bit of perspective, when product comes from the RDC, over 80% goes directly from receiving to the sales floor. I've been here over 9 years, and that's a big difference from what we've seen in the past. If you walk our stores today, as Carol mentioned, you'll see less product in the overhead than in the history of the company. It's not because we are doing anything other than getting the right product at the right place at the right time and we have some very fundamental things that we're doing in the store just to keep the product on the shelf, stay in stock, so we can limit the amount of inventory and have product on the shelf for customers to buy. It's a very fundamental approach, but the RDC and the technology Craig mentioned allows us to do this much better than we ever have before.
Marvin R. Ellison: Dan, this is Marvin. There's really great alignment between the store operators and Craig's field merchandising team. We're keenly aware of all of our competitors, but we have not seen any major changes in price match, not in the near term or even in the past. We're just very consistent with how we run our business. And as Craig mentioned, the portfolio strategy is the cornerstone and we provide input into that.
Marvin R. Ellison: TJ, we're going to end the year at roughly 55% and we're very pleased with that. When we started this a few years back, we were at 47% service to task. So we'll end this year at 55%. We think that we'll get north of 60% within the next 16 months. My team is responsible for working across, fortunately with Matt Carey's IT team, with Craig's team, to lay out initiatives for the upcoming years to keep this process growing. We don't see this as an endpoint. We see it is a continuous point of improvement. So we have initiatives that actually go through 2015. We're going to continue to drive productivity. We have a very simple philosophy of trying to take task out the store while driving productivity concurrently. And we've been very pleased with our payroll leverage and our ability to reduce overall payroll yet add hours to the sales force. So we're increasing coverage for service while reducing overall payroll because we're eliminating some of the tasks that in the past dominated all of our payroll staff.
Marvin R. Ellison: Kate, this is Marvin. We're very pleased just with the alignment. We talk about alignment a lot and we think that is a powerful component of success in our business, with the IT team, with Craig's team, with the dot com team. We have spent a lot of time, ensuring that we benchmark really good retailers not only in the U.S. but in Europe on how this process should work. The rollout was very smooth. The reception from our associates and customers have been very good, and we're excited about how well the stores are executing and how well the customer service feedback is coming back to us on how easy the process is and how transparent it is. So, so far, we're very pleased.
