Edward Decker: Thank you, Isabel, and good morning, everyone. As you'll hear from the team shortly, the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 was largely in line with our expectations. For fiscal 2023, sales were $152.7 billion, down 3% from the prior year. Comp sales declined 3.2% versus last year, and our U.S. stores had negative comps of 3.5%. Diluted earnings per share were $15.11 compared to $16.69 in the prior year. After three years of exceptional growth for our business, 2023 was a year of moderation. It was also a year of opportunity. We focused on several operational improvements to strengthen the business, while also staying true to the growth opportunities detailed at our Investor Conference in June. As we reflect on 2023, we are better positioned in four key areas. We invested in our associates, the heartbeat of our company and the storage of customer service, effectively manage disinflation, while maintaining a strong value proposition for our customers, right sized our inventory position in increased in-stock and on-shelf availability levels, and we reduced fixed costs in the business that were introduced during the pandemic. As you know, at the beginning of 2023, we announced an approximately $1 billion investment in increased annualized compensation for our frontline hourly associates. This allowed us to improve customer service, position ourselves favorably in the market, attract and retain the most qualified talent, drive greater efficiency and productivity across the business, and improve safely broadly. We also navigated a unique disinflationary environment. We did this by leveraging our best-in-class cost finance team in merchants to effectively manage cost movements, while also being our customers advocate for value. And we believe prices have essentially settled in the marketplace. After several years of unprecedented sales growth, we entered 2023 with more inventory than we would've preferred. While the products we sell have low obsolescence, our teams work throughout the year to improve inventory productivity while delivering the highest in-stock and on-shelf availability rates since the pandemic. Today, we feel very good about our inventory position heading into 2024. Productivity and efficiency are hallmarks of the Home Depot, and as you heard at our Investor Conference in June, we announced our commitment to reduce fixed costs by approximately $500 million to be fully realized in 2024. We've now taken the necessary actions to achieve this cost benefit, which Richard will detail in a moment. As we look forward to 2024, we remain focused on our strategic opportunities of creating the best interconnected experience, growing our Pro wallet share through our unique ecosystem of capabilities and building new stores. In December 2023, we made a strategic acquisition of Construction Resources, a leading distributor of design-oriented surfaces, appliances, and architectural specialty products for Pro contractors focused on renovation, remodeling, and residential home building. This acquisition adds to our robust product offering of products and services. It allows our complex Pro’s to easily shop across aesthetic product categories in a showroom setting, which is how they're accustomed to shopping for these types of goods. We are excited to welcome Construction Resources into the Home Depot family. In 2024, we will continue learning and building out new capabilities for the complex Pro. We are expanding our assortments, fulfillment options and our outside sales force and just recently began piloting trade credit options. In addition, we continue to work on new order management capabilities to better manage complex Pro orders. For the complex Pro opportunity, this means that by the end of 2024, we will have 17 of our top Pro markets equipped with new fulfillment options, localized product assortment and expanded sales force and enhanced digital capabilities with trade credit and order management in pilot for development. What I hope you take away today is how great we feel about our business and how well we are positioning the business for the future. We remain excited about the opportunity to grow our share of a fragmented $950 billion-plus market. Our associates and supplier partners have continually demonstrated agility and resilience, and I want to thank them for their hard work and dedication to serving our customers and communities. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ann.
Edward Decker: If you look at Pro versus consumer, Zach. I mean, for us, they were -- they were effectively the same in Q4. Overall, industry don't see that being too terribly much different. I can say within our Pro in any customer segment that we have, the managed account customer who is engaging in the ecosystem that we're building was the highest performing customer segment in Q4 and throughout 2023, and we would expect that to continue into 2024 as well as we continue to build out the capabilities.
Edward Decker: No. Chris, it's Ted. We saw great signs of life. There's loads of life in the sector. I mean we're working through some macro factors, as Richard articulated, but the consumer is healthy and the consumer is engaged. They're just engaged at this point in smaller projects. And you called out a number of categories that we had terrific engagement in Q4. Our Deco holiday program was just an exceptional performer, the merchants there, just keep taking that to the next level. We know we took a tremendous amount of share in Deco holiday as the customer responds to our offering. Our gift center line up with the brands we have and the values that Billy and team put in the marketplace had a tremendous response. As you said, Deco Holiday in live goods did extremely well. Things like totes, I mean we saw sold record units of totes in Q4 as people responded to our storage event. So we still have tremendous traffic, just pure volume of traffic and engagement. Again, it's just that bigger ticket. Although as an aside on bigger ticket, appliances was one of our better relative performers. And I think a lot of that has to do with our service levels as we're integrating the TEMCO acquisition in the percentage of our deliveries that they're now handling in the service level scores and on time and complete that they're providing our customers. We think that's a big piece of the momentum behind our appliance business as well as the strength of our online shopping experience for major appliances.
Edward Decker: On the complex Pro, I mean, clearly, the improvements there and the expectation that the managed account engaging in those capabilities will be the strongest performing customer segment. That's embedded in the guidance of comp sales in overall sales.
Edward Decker: No, we cannot absolutely. And we disaggregate at every level you can imagine. We're just not going to share all that detail as you can imagine.
Edward Decker: We don't see why it would be different. I mean, if anything, the underpinning of this market segment remains incredibly strong. When I step back, and look at the macro, when you look at the influences that we watch most closely, home price appreciation, up 45-odd percent, home equity is up closer to 70%. That equity level, which is $10 trillion, $12 trillion increase since the pandemic has not been tapped. And in fact, HELOCs and cash out refis are at multiple years low right now as interest rates went up over the last two years. So you have tremendous potential in an untapped balance sheet and equity position in homes. We talk about the age of homes now well over 50% or over 40 years old. People are still working from home, more than they were certainly pre-pandemic. So usage in homes, the fundamental shortage of homes were I've seen anywhere between 2 million and 6 million units short. And on a near term, even forecast for 2024, we'll build 2000-odd units less than demand. So you're not even beginning to make up for that shortage in the near term. So you look at all those factors, millennials becoming a year or so way of becoming the single biggest source of customer segment spend in our space. They're a prime household formation in homeownership ages. So I look at all those and say, huge opportunity. And we've mentioned this before, but the pandemic in a sense is a bit like a giant hurricane, right? I mean, we had tremendous demand in growth in the segment, followed by a couple periods of moderation following that buildup. But as we watch every hurricane market, after you go through that cycle, it's as strong as ever. So with that backdrop of fundamental macros in the overall pandemic playing out over a five-year period like a giant national storm, we have every reason to be extremely optimistic about the future. And that's why we've made the comments today about how happy we are of what we accomplished, the management team here in the store associates and store leadership and supply chain just did such a great job level setting this business following that sort of pandemic storm and we couldn't feel better about how we're positioned from an operational point of view. And then we're sticking with all the strategic investments, our eyes are still on the prize of the best interconnected shopping experience, building out the Pro ecosystem for complex Pros and then having such confidence in our model to start a reasonably meaningful store build program. So we feel really, really good, Michael. Thanks for the question.
Edward Decker: Absolutely. I mean as we've said for the longest time, home turnover is a base of home improvement demand, but it's been pretty steady. If you look at 4.5-odd percent of housing stock is a multiyear percentage of turnover, and that equates to 5-ish million units. The reason we're calling out that is a factor in these last two years is the dramatic decrease. And there's definitely an understanding that there's an improvement in place cycle if you don't move and you stay in your house, but there's a lag effect. And arguably, that lag effect is a bit longer this time because of the interest rate environment and people are just being conservative of when they kick off a larger home improvement project in a home that they're going to ultimately stay in for a longer period of time. So that's the dynamic of housing turnover. We think that plays out. We're literally at a 40-year low in turnover, don't see that going lower. So you're going to cycle through that kind of a two-year pressure. And then do we get back to growth? Absolutely. I'd say, we have a neutral look on housing for 2024. We don't think there's incremental pressure nor do we think that we're quite ready for a hockey stick recovery. Richard has been talking for some time, and the Fed's stance of hire for longer. I think we now we have an appreciation that longer is going to go through the first half of this year. So even a lowering cycle in the back half, there's some timing effect to get mortgages, move homes, take a HELOC loan out, et cetera, to get a bigger project going. So that's why we're kind of calling for a slighter moderation to continue into '24. But as we said, the back half is marginally stronger. And we think all the macros line up for return to normalcy following that and with the capabilities that we're building, and we're taking share today with x percent of these capabilities complete. Super optimistic about how we're hitting the ground running as we continue to build going into a stronger market and the share gain opportunity.
Richard McPhail: Well, it's all taken as a whole, there are several cross currents here. Again, we face macro headwinds, albeit at a lesser degree than we faced in 2023. And so again, just to quickly tick through them, PCE is expected to decelerate. We still have a slightly -- as a market, we have a slightly elevated share of PCE versus 2019, we know that, that has gradually receded since 2021. The interest rate environment is still one where while we see our customers have the means to spend, they are taking more of a deferral stance with respect to large project demand. And we believe there was some pull forward certain spend during the period of 2020 to 2022 that we're working out. Housing, it's a little hard to tease out. Obviously, home values have held in there. We now see home prices having appreciated by over 46% since 2019. Turnover has dropped sharply over the last two years, and that's a headwind possibly offset by some level of improvement in place. So we're essentially neutral on housing short term. And so that's -- all of those have an impact on our market. And then as you said, we expect to gained share in any macro environment through our growth initiatives of Pro, the interconnected experience and new stores, and that takes us to our negative 1% comp outlook.
Richard McPhail: Yes. So Simeon, lumber was actually a function more of a comparison to 2022 and 2023. If you compare the lumber charts, just I'd encourage you to pull it up, lumber prices were relatively steady across 2023. So we don't really see a material impact to 2024. With respect to '24, first, we expect a normal seasonal curve for our business. So there's really no seasonal shift in how we think about the halves. We anticipate the second half coming in slightly better than the first half, with both being negative, at least as implied in our guidance. It might help to recall the halves for 2023, were relatively in line with one another. .
Richard McPhail: Sure. Chris, it's Richard. So first on fourth quarter gross margin, I'd say, our gross margin, first of all, is in line with our expectations for the year. For the full year and in the quarter, we saw some pull forward of pressure from pricing actions ahead of cost decreases. The good news is you now see those at current levels, and Billy mentioned, we're really at kind of a settled point right now in retail and in cost. As we begin to work through inventory layers, you now see the impact of those cost decreases that we took earlier in the year coming through in 2024, and that's the major driver behind the gross margin expansion that we've guided to. On the settlement that you called out, I appreciate the question. It's important to note that there is some geography noise in year-over-year comparisons driven by that settlement. So just for everyone's recollection, we had a significant settlement in Q1 of 2023. That was a benefit to operating expense. Now as we said we would do, we fully offset that benefit with short-term costs in 2023 that set us up to lower our cost base going forward. Those short-term costs were mostly incurred in cost of goods sold, including some actions taken to optimize inventory levels. So that settlement geography and the cost that offset it create a more favorable comparison in cost of goods sold and a less favorable comparison in OpEx on a year-over-year basis, but obviously, the two offset each other, and it’s a geography shift.
Richard McPhail: And on the drag from lower incentive bonus in 2023, really the largest and most meaningful driver of deleverage, as you know, our OpEx leverage or deleverage as a function of sales growth. So the largest driver of that is simply sales deleverage as operating cost inflation remains higher than sales growth. To a lesser extent, we see deleverage from the the incentive compensation year-over-year.
Richard McPhail: Well, just to hit it on the most fine point here, really the last three quarters, we've seen kind of the most stability and the -- I'd say, three quarters ago, we saw a marked recovery in transactions and think about that as a proxy for units, but units followed similarly. Over the last three quarters, we've seen nice stability. And as we've said before, we define a healthy home improvement market is one where ticket and transaction are both positive. What we have seen on the good side here is that ticket and transaction have begun to converge and in fact, have sort of really much more tightly converged over the last three quarters. . They were still both negative for the quarter, but that's really just reflective of the macro pressure that continues. From a geographic perspective, we aren't really necessarily able to tease out differences in recovery and transactions or units more of a national dynamic.
Richard McPhail: Sure. I mean the basics are you can imagine with no management intervention, the natural rule of leverage or deleverage is about 10 basis points per point of comp up or down.
Richard McPhail: Thanks, Michael. Well, first, I certainly want to center you back to the comments we made at the Investor Conference in June where we call out a base case once we return to market normalization, a base case of 3% to 4% sales growth, flat gross margin, an assumption of operating expense and operating margin leverage and growth and EPS growth of mid- to high single-digit percentages. Within that, obviously, is sort of an implied leverage per comp point on our OpEx. I'm giving you a, what I would call, loose rule of thumb. It would apply for the most part to our sort of business model today, it certainly applies in the past and I would expect it to apply it loosely in the future. Embedded in that is a normal rate of productivity and efficiency that our teams delivered every single year. I mean underneath all this guidance and our results for 2023, which we were so pleased with, is an enormous amount of work on behalf of our team, think about the efficiency in our supply chain, you think about the efficiencies that our merchants bring every year in product cost. Of particular note, the productivity in our stores with some of the tools that are unleashing the power of AI and putting that in the hands of our associates, those are standard fair for us. They feed into what I would call normal operating leverage for the Home Depot, and it’s something that we’ve come to expect of ourselves. So that’s a long way of saying, we always intend to lever OpEx at a certain point of sales growth. And I would stick with the basic rule of thumb, maybe higher, maybe slightly lower in some periods from time to time. On the question about what actions there may be, but we always operate with a degree of financial flexibility in the P&L. Although, I would tell you that we did our very best, and I think we accomplished our objective of reducing fixed costs towards the end of ‘23 that had built up during the pandemic, hence the $500 million in cost savings implied in our guide. There are always levers. We have to determine what environment we are operating in before we decide what levers to pull. And so for now, we’ve provided what we would call our central case for 2024, but we’re going to manage the business with the best interest of our long-term shareholders in mind.
Richard McPhail: Yes, I'd tell you, the best way to look at this is that we are now - our P&L provides you with an appropriate jumping off point for your models, there's a lot of noise in operating expense. If you think about the geography of the settlement in Q1, you think about the geography of costs that we incurred, then you think about the geography of the $500 million in cost out, two-thirds of which will be realized in OpEx, one-third of which will be realized in cost of goods sold, and you just have a lot of noise. Again, the main driver of operating expense growth is going to be just at inflation on our base of operating expenses. And we think that if you look at our gross margin and our operating margin guide, these offer you the appropriate jumping off points for your modeling.
