Ted Decker: Thanks, Craig and good morning everyone. We were pleased with our results in the third quarter. The core of our store continues to perform well and we saw growth, with both our Pro and DIY customers. Looking at our departments, comps in appliances, electrical, plumbing, tools, décor and flooring were above the company average. All of our other departments but lighting were positive but below the company average. The comp in lighting was essentially flat. In the third quarter, comp average ticket increased 3.5% and comp transactions increased 1.2%. Commodity prices were volatile in the quarter, while inflation in lumber, building materials and copper positively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 61 basis points in the quarter. Today lumber prices are below 2017 levels. In addition foreign exchange rates negatively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 43 basis points. We continue to see strength in big ticket projects during the quarter. Big ticket sales or transactions over $1,000, which represent approximately 20% of US sales were up 9.1% in the third quarter. A few drivers behind the increase in big ticket sales were vinyl plank flooring, windows, appliances and water heaters. Once again we saw strong performance in many Pro heavy categories as pro sales grew faster than the company's average comp. Pro heavy categories like power tools, concrete and several plumbing and electrical categories all had comps above the company average. We also continue to see a healthy and growing DIY customer as they engage with us across the store. Categories like safety and security, vanity, lawnmowers, ceiling fans and interior and exterior paint showed strong growth in the quarter. In the third quarter we hosted several events that helped drive traffic and create excitement in our stores. We were pleased with our annual Halloween, Harvest and Labor Day events, which recorded solid growth year-over-year. As we continue to focus on enhancing the in store experience for our customers, I'd like to highlight some recent initiatives we've been working on with MET our Merchandising Execution Team. This season team managers set integrity and execute three sets throughout the stores, bringing best in class speed to market. MET leverages advanced analytics and proprietary technology to drive productivity and efficiency in our stores. We use real time data to understand what categories require attention and leverage our first phones to direct the work activity of our MET associates. We wanted to thank our supplier partners who continue to see the power of partnering with the Home Depot. Our suppliers trust us with many exclusives and innovative product launches in large part because of our 400,000 plus blooded associates and the enthusiasm they bring to our aisles every day. Two recent additions to our portfolio of exclusive brands are Stanley, Hand Tools and Troy-Bilt, Outdoor Power Equipment. Adding Stanley to our lineup of Milwaukee, DEWALT, Husky, Crescent, Empire, Wiss, BESSEY and Klein exclusive brands, makes us the number one destination for hand tools. And Troy-Bilt complements our leading lineup of exclusive Outdoor Power Equipment brands including Ryobi, Toro, Honda, Cub Cadet, ECHO, EGO, DEWALT and Milwaukee. In fact, 14 of the 15 top rated gas self-propelled lawnmowers in the market are big fox exclusives to the Home Depot. Looking to the fourth quarter, we're excited about the upcoming holiday season. In addition to our comprehensive holiday décor offerings, we're thrilled with our 2018 gift center. This gift center is our best yet and features a number of special buys from our leading tool and power tool accessory brands that are also exclusive to the Home Depot including Ryobi, RIDGID, Milwaukee, Makita, Diablo and Husky. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Ted Decker: Yeah, I would add to that Craig, its manageable is the term I'm using Chris. Certainly of what we've seen today is more than manageable particularly in the light of that portfolio approach that Craig described. But a couple of comments, good news, if you look at what happened with laundry and that's generally a mad priced industry, so the industry did take that price largely attributable to tariffs, we also had stilt cost in that as well, it's just the straight laundry tariff. And while there was an initial reaction to unit productivity is we've right now cycled through that several months our laundry sales and unit productivity is on par if not slightly better than the average of our overall appliance business. So we were able to cycle through that and would expect to see the same again given the strength of demand in other categories as well.
Ted Decker: No, that's very good news. So, if you look at some of the cost pressures we're seeing on the one hand with certain commodities and tariffs, we've seen a dramatic decrease in wood fiber costs, so we went down. At one point of the year, we were 40% above the prior year; we're now 24%-ish below prior year. And as those lumber prices have come down, unit productivity has moved dramatically and we believe kick starting more project business which is obviously great for us.
Ted Decker: Car and van, we're pleased with the rollout there, as Greg mentioned, we're up to 41% of the population with car and van available, so very pleased with that rollout. The car - as the trucks get bigger, the Pros get more engaged. So if you think about it, our big flatbed deliveries that's very Pro focused; as you work your way down to car, that's more and more consumer focused. We're pleased to have that option out there for all our customers, though it's an important part of the portfolio of delivery options and we think those options are important across the range to meet our customer's needs in any given occasion.
Ted Decker: Yeah. Ted, this is Scott. We haven't seen it yet and something I'm looking at, very closely we're looking at unit productivity by opening price point good, better, best, premium. Making sure we're priced right at the opening price point level and making sure inventory levels are ready to go to see if we're going to see that dynamic that you just referenced and we have not seen it, now whether that comes we'll be ready for it, but today, as Craig said, people are trading up for the new innovative product. I mean a classic example of that is you take a category like vinyl flooring, vinyl flooring was almost on its deathbed and then innovation came along and you now have vinyl plank flooring that is flying out of the stores at a premium price, it's a great value to the customer, it's easy to use, it's simple for the Pro and to install and that's a classic example of why innovation drive sales.
Ted Decker: And clearly the customer is engaging obviously in the digital world, 40% of the orders in the quarter were picked up in store at the customer's choice. So this is truly an interconnected experience going forward, leveraging all the capabilities and assets of Home Depot in both the digital and physical world.
Craig Menear: Chris, I'll give you a high level and let Carol walk you through the details. Again, we see overall the environment for home improvement is solid. We're clearly up against significant Hurricane numbers, but as we see it basically two years stat comps would be comparable in the first half and the second half of the year as we look forward and that's really based on the strength that we see for not only the home improvement factors, but what we've lined up for the back half of the year in terms of the events and merchandise and great gift center that Ted talked about. We're excited about where we're going in the back half.
Craig Menear: So Chris, I'll start and let Ted jump in here. Yeah, we've seen as you mentioned a tariffs impact in laundry for example. The tariffs that have come through to date represent 1% of US purchases and we see more happen in January and who knows what's going to happen. But if the 25% were to go in place that's going to represent about 3.5% of US purchases. And clearly we'll work to mitigate as much of that as possible, but as you saw in laundry you will see some impact in prices. The comment that I would make as it relates to the second part of your question is, we run this business on a portfolio basis and we will do everything we can to mitigate the pressure on the customer to the best of our ability. But don't think of us taking costs in one area and that's where necessarily retail gets applied, it's portfolio approach, we're in a project business.
Craig Menear: We're certainly seeing, we are still seeing cost out but we are seeing a net cost in that we haven't experienced in the last several years and we are seeing an increase in supplier requests for cost in. But again, I'd say, they're facing some of the same costs that Carol called out, I mean, people are facing transportation costs that's what we hear universally, again, outside, as you said, commodity or tariff, things like transportation is universal and who knows what happens going into '19, but that seems to be the theme for the cost requests for '18.
Craig Menear: What we've seen to date it's less than ticket than the 60 - the commodity that we called out the 61 basis points.
Craig Menear: Well, overall, I mean, again, when you think about what happened in last year's hurricane, as Carol called out, there was more hurricane pressure that we faced in October than in September and clearly September and October combined were much more significant from a pressure standpoint than the beginning of the quarter.
Craig Menear: From an inventory standpoint, Marc [indiscernible]. We feel good about the overall quality of the inventory that we had and the growth in inventory is really by design given a few factors.
Craig Menear: The other part of that is our merchandising resets and obviously we've invested in that as well and then to your point, we did call some plant purchases forward to give ahead in terms of tariffs.
Craig Menear: And in on the product purchase we continue to see both pro and consumers trading up with all the innovation the great products and brands we're offering in the stores, so that was extremely healthy in that progression of comp as you go up price points, in fact, if you'd look at our increase in ticket the 3.5%, the vast majority of that is driven by mix in innovation.
Craig Menear: As far as the inventory categories, we're not going to give specific about where we invested for a couple of reasons [ph].
Craig Menear: As we outlined in our investor conference at the end of last year, we said we were going to lean in to home decor and we've been doing that with the catalog and in online, this is an online and direct play for us and we're seeing nice results, the customers engaging with The Home Depot in the home related decor categories and we'll continue that through the next year, certainly.
Craig Menear: No. I mean, we do our holiday decor set in the stores, obviously, that continues to be an incredibly strong business, in fact, it's the success in that business that gave us confidence that that we could move a little more decor oriented, not product we want to bring into the store but perfectly appropriate to engage the customer online.
Craig Menear: Yeah, we were able to hire over 80,000 associates for spring selling season this year. Candidly, we had a little concern as to whether or not it would be more challenging, but we really didn't find that to be the case. And Mark, I don't think you've seen anything different right now on supply chain end.
Craig Menear: So I'll start with a comment and turn it to Ted. Even in the downturn of 2008, which was obviously the most difficult since the depression,customers were willing to spend for new innovative product.
Craig Menear: Canada posted positive comps in local currency. Clearly there are pressures in Canada from a housing standpoint, the government has made a conscious decision to slow down housing in Canada and you see that in the numbers, but they delivered a great performance, we're seeing terrific online growth in Canada as a Canadian customer embraces e-commerce as well.
Craig Menear: We're certainly seeing much more promotional activity as folks have made decisions to close stores and liquidate inventory.
Craig Menear: Yeah. Overall, absolutely, we're very pleased with the results from our initiatives as part of our investment strategy that we've laid out, supply chain is obviously a very big component of that but leaning into our online investments also a large piece of that. And we've started to do a lot of work with our category refreshes, I think this is a virtual reset online, a lot of work on our search efficacy, a lot of work with the supply chain team as they've gotten sharper on delivery in our delivery windows, we call it dynamic ETA. So when you're checking out, we would put before a broad brush seven to 10 days for delivery, now by zip code we can put the day that you'll be getting that product, all of these things have led to much better traffic. We had one of our strongest traffic quarters that we've seen in a number of years. Our visits were - our absolute increase in visits was our single largest growth in the quarter in visits and then it all resulted in the comp sales of 28%, and that's also due to increased conversions. So we're getting people to engage in to the side, the experience is getting to the right product, we're getting to the right close, all of this while more and more of the traffic moves to our mobile app in mobile devices and where we're seeing double digit increases in conversion rates and modest increase in average ticket, so very pleased with all of the initiatives.
Carol Tome: Michael, I think I'd - and we would phrase that a bit differently. We have this directionally correct but imperfect model that we use to forecast ourselves outlook. As I mentioned, it starts with GDP, and to that we add the benefits from a number of different housing metrics including household formation, home price appreciation, the age of the housing stock and housing turnover. And if we look at those drivers, we think they all bode well for our outlook, now our outlook would suggest that our fourth quarter comps will be lower than what we reported in the third quarter, but that's because we are up against almost $400 million of hurricane related sales. And while we do expect to get hurricane related sales in the fourth quarter, we don't expect to get $400 million worth of hurricane related sales, so we factor that into our outlook. In terms of decoupling, there's one metric that's gotten a lot of attention recently and that's housing turnover. And if you look at housing turnover, housing turnover is lower than we thought it would be at the beginning of the year when we put together our directionally correct but imperfect model. So we went back and calculated what we believe the impact of a lower housing turnover than what we had projected at the beginning of the year, what the impact has been to our outlook, and based on our model which is not perfect, but based on our model, the impact has been 13 basis points. And then one other correlation number to share with you, at least, through the way that we look at the world, we correlated housing turnover with transactions and we don't do a smoothing approach, we do look at the actual data on a one-month lag basis. If you look at historical correlation from 2000 to now, the correlation coefficient was 0.53. Okay. But if you go and run it again from 2010 to now, it's 0.4, and if you run it from 2015 to now, it's 0.33. So it's decoupled a bit, we think in large part because of the housing shortage in the US. The way that we're talking about housing metrics, it's a bit like a Rubik's Cube, you just got to turn it and turn it and turn it until you form a point of view on what it means for home improvements band.
Carol Tome: Again it's a Rubik's Cube, you can't just look at turnover when you're turning the cube around. We would need to refresh our point of view on home price appreciation as well because that's been a big driver of our sales growth for sure. We've seen since 2011, homeowners have had a 140% increase in their equity, now up to $124,000 per unit, so real wealth has been created. Home prices are projected to increase in 2019, albeit not at the rate that we've seen this year, so we're refreshing our point of view, we're not taking ourselves from targets down because we feel very comfortable with the targets that we laid out a year ago, but in February, we will give you the specific number for 2019.
Carol Tome: Well, the correlation coefficients that I shared with you on turnover were based on a one-month lag, and we haven't done a lot of leading lagging work yet, because the environment is so very different than it's been in prior cycles. So there's a lot of conversation, for example, on affordability, and we look at affordability too. But what happened last time around when affordability started to if you will slow down is the underwriting standards loosened up dramatically and that's what led to the housing prices as we all know. Well, that's not going to happen again, because of Dr. Ike. And so you can't look at history necessarily to understand what's going to happen in the future, you've got to kind of look at the future and what's happening. And as we look at the future and what's happening, fundamentally, you got to look at the economy and the economy is good. People are employed, they have more income, they've got more to come with tax reform, so fundamentally, we feel very good about just the two eyebrows of the spend in our business.
Carol Tome: So we believe like you that housing is very local and when you get into the areas of home price appreciation and affordability, it's really local. So we went market by market to see are we seeing any measurable impact on ourselves and we just can't see it. Now, we're hopefully smart enough to understand that you got to stay really on top of the data, because the one watch out of course is will affordability with rising home prices and rising interest rates at some point set a market clearing price for all home price appreciation and home price appreciation stall, we're not there. And, in fact, home prices are projected to increase next year, but we're watching this. I'll just give you one example without giving you the numbers, because we don't want to get into a habit of calling out performance by market, but if you look at LA, the affordability index in LA is terrible, it's 59, it's the worst it's been since 2008, and ourselves and LA are very good.
Carol Tome: And even if you ignore hurricanes, there wasn't anything dramatically different in the business other than the volatility in commodity prices. At the end of the quarter, we saw lumber prices fall precipitously, but I think, Ted, that actually was in some ways - it's a good news.
Carol Tome: And one reason why we really are concerned about the fourth quarter from a commodity perspective is because we see this unit productivity.
Carol Tome: We always look at the spread of performance by our 19 US region, and if you throw out the high and the low because those are hurricane related, one was negative and one was double digit positive, if you throw out the high and the low, the spread was the narrowest, it's been a long time it was 6.8%.
Carol Tome: So, I answer that first. Based on the guidance that we've given you, the expense growth factor in Q4 should be lower than what we reported in Q3. And the gross margin expansion should be higher, that's a bit because of the 53rd week, so maybe there's some issue with the 53 week modeling, I don't know, but we can certainly offline help you with your models.
Carol Tome: Well, I think what I'll do for you is break down the components for the full year, because I've given you the dollars for the quarter and you can do the math. We're guiding on expense growth forecast of 131% for the full year, the breakdown of that is BAU is 42%, invest is 51% and the change in accounting is 38%. And then in terms of the longer term view of our guidance, nothing has materially changed.
Carol Tome: We're not seeing that. And Ted called out the strength in our big ticket categories which grew more than 9% in the quarter. One hypothesis is that with rising interest rates consumers are intended to stay in their home and they have wealth in their homes and their home is aging and so they're spending money on their home. Another thing I would like to say about the consumer because we've done a lot of work in this regard and just thought we'd share it, because there was some interest about what is the impact of tax reform really meet on consumer's wallets. And I think we all know that tax reform is really good for consumers, it's projected that $1.1 trillion will flow to consumer's tax filers over the next 10 years. The way that's playing out in 2018 is about 43% of that benefit is flowing into paychecks today, the remaining 57% of the benefits will be realized when filers actually file their tax return next year, the other claim credits and that's how they get their benefits. The only way they could receive that benefit today is if they have adjusted their withholding. So we looked at 300,000 Home Depot associates to see whether or not they had adjusted their withholding, and only 3,000 of those associates had adjusted their withholdings. So we believe that many consumers are going to have a nice tax surprise next year. Now, if you are a high earner in a high state and local tax state like California or New York or Connecticut, well, that won't be the case, but high earners are actually those with $500,000 or more. Those folks, well, they're going to have a bit of a tax bill and that they haven't prepared for it is going to be a negative surprise. But we went to our consumer insights team and said, hey, what's the average income of our customers? 97% of our customer's average income is less than $250,000. So we think the health of the consumer continues into 2019.
Carol Tome: It's easier for us to quantify the productivity that we enjoyed off of the new labor model which Ann-Marie has put into our stores. We saw 46 basis points of payroll leverage in the third quarter and a large part because of that new labor model. And we've fully rolled out -
Carol Tome: So what we've done is looked through the last recession which was just a crazy recession and went back to 2000 timeframe. The culture wasn't apparently mild recession and our comps at that point were flat, so we modeled flat comps to say that's the reasonable downturn. I don't know if that's reasonable, but I think it is reasonable. Staying true our investment plan because of the financial strength of the company, we can say true to our investment plan and we take our operating margin down to a little over 12%.
Carol Tome: I'm sorry, we take our operating margin down to a little over 12% in a flat comp environment staying true to the investments. And we fully scale as a competitive advantage, we use it every day. As Ted mentioned we got lots of people coming knocking on our doors asking for things and we're working through that with the power of the Home Depot.
