Craig Menear: Thanks, Frank, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our performance in the second quarter, posting positive comps in all departments. There were four key factors that drove our performance, strong summer events, a recovering seasonal business, commodity inflation and strength across the remainder of the store. The departments that had double-digit positive comps were kitchens, indoor garden, lumber, outdoor garden, lighting, tools, electrical and flooring. Bath, plumbing, decor, building materials, paint, hardware and millwork performed positively but were below the company average. Our seasonal business exceeded our plan, as Frank finally kicked into gear in the second quarter. We were able to recover all the lost sales we projected from exterior project categories in the first quarter and then some. In indoor and outdoor garden, our second quarter success resulted in positive comps in both departments for the first half of the year. The core of the store delivered solid sales growth throughout the second quarter. In maintenance and repair categories, we saw continued comp performance in light bulbs, wiring devices, cleaning, plumbing repair, fasteners, builder’s hardware, caulk and adhesives. We also saw traction in decor categories where comps above the company average in special order carpets, special order cabinets, floor tile and lighting as well as strong comps in faucets. Our store associates did a great job executing our summer events and creating an excitement. Our Memorial Day, Father's Day and Fourth of July special buys and great values were well received by our customers and drove double-digit comps in categories like appliances and riding mowers. Our results were achieved through a coordinated effort between our supply chain, our merchants, our stores and our vendors. The investments we have made over the past several years gave us the flexibility and capability to respond quickly and meet spikes in demand. Total comp transactions rebounded from the first quarter and grew by 5.7% for the second quarter driven by traffic related to our seasonal business. Transactions for tickets under $50, representing approximately 20% of U.S. sales, were up 3.8% for the second quarter, principally due to our garden business. Transactions for tickets over $900 also representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales were up 15.5% in the second quarter driven by the strength in appliances, riding mowers, flooring as well as continued improvement from our pro business. Average ticket increased 4.3% in the second quarter. Our average ticket increase was impacted by commodity price inflation mainly from lumber and copper which contributed approximately 70 basis points to comp. As Frank mentioned, we had one of the best quarters in our recent history. As we look forward to the back half of the year, we are projecting solid sales growth but we do have several factors to overcome. First, we will face tough sales comparisons resulting from impacts of consecutive years of autumn storms. Second, commodity inflation is on track to no longer be tailwind as lumber and copper prices have begun to moderate. Third, we have began to the lap excellent response to our rollout of our expanded appliance business. As we get to the fourth quarter, the holiday shopping season, would be a week shorter due to the date on which Thanksgiving falls this year. Now let me talk specifically about the third quarter. We continue to focus on innovation as a key part our leadership strategy. In stores now, Behr Premium DeckOver wood and concrete coatings brings new life to old wood and concrete surfaces. This 100% acrylic formula available in 54 colors conceals splinters and cracks and creates a slip resistant finish. We continue to be innovative in lighting technology. As an example, we are introducing an LED 90-watt equivalent floodlight from Cree, now giving us a full range of assortment for the top-three most popular bulbs at market-leading values. For our pro customers, we are introducing DAP SMARTBOND adhesive foam gel that is faster and easier to use than traditional cartridge adhesives helping our pro customers to be more efficient. One cartridge of SMARTBOND provides eight times the coverage of traditional adhesives. Also, new to homedepot.com for our pro customers, we are offering a line of fully welded steel cabinets from Husky, which feature a variety of door and interior configurations. This allows the customer to customize their cabinets exactly the way they want. For our Labor Day and events we have an extensive lineup of great values and special buys. These events along with our superior execution in-store will generate a lot of excitement in the third quarter. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Carol.
Craig Menear: Gary, from a competitive standpoint, we saw the last quarter that we just exited pretty comparable. Most folks went hard after the seasonal business given the late start of the business and certainly and big ticket appears we still need to stimulate the customer to buy, but not a radical change and kind of we would expect that going forward.
Craig Menear: Dan, on the big ticket, we did see very nice strength in tickets above $900 growing at 15.5% in the quarter. That was largely driven with appliances things like riding mowers which were strong throughout the quarter. We saw flooring projects as well as our kitchen business, all contributed to that. Then certainly the continued strength of our pro business which carries a higher average ticket overall help that as well.
Craig Menear: Yes. Chris, the seasonal business obviously carried strong throughout the quarter. We saw, for example in sales of things like power equipment remain very throughout the quarter including July, as you mentioned, due to the fact that we had a moist July that obviously kept the grass growing as well. When we look at the seasonal business in total, one of the risk factors coming off of the first quarter was whether or now you would be able to recover the whole live goods and fertilizer business and because of the moisture we actually were able to get all that business back and carrying through June and July and then actually some went above what we thought.
Craig Menear: Yes. We are. We are starting to see, for example, in lumber not only that we have some inflation year-over-year, it was about 70 basis points of our comp coming as a result of that, but we also saw unit productivity which is our pro customer starting to comeback. Solid growth and things like fasteners and pneumatics all those are heavy pro-dominated categories.
Craig Menear: Not a lot of change, Michael, in the line structure. The only thing I would point out on that is, we have had some really nice innovation and things like LED, which carry a higher ticket, certainly within the light bulb category we are seeing customer step-up, the [bear premium deck over] is a great product, so we are seeing customers willing to spend really in every segment of the category within a category whether that'd be opening price point, mid or high.
Craig Menear: No. Again, I think the innovation in many categories is what is driving the trade up, so customers are willing to step up and spend money when they see great innovation that either makes a project easier and/or like in the case of LEDs, saves them energy cost around the home. They are definitely willing to step up.
Craig Menear: I would say that our focus is relentless focus on driving value for the customer, wee are always looking to provide a better value, so we are working hard to drive unnecessary cost out whether that be working with our suppliers on how we can drive our cost. Obviously, supply chain is allowing us to leverage cost and we are looking to bring better value to our customer and reduce prices wherever we can.
Craig Menear: Okay, Matt, at the end of the last year, we had rolled out about 120 stores with an extended appliance program. We added brands in the fall season. We added Samsung around the December time frame which got us to the full offering of brands that we have right now. We are in the process right now of expanding another 120 stores for, you know, an expanded showroom experience. All of those brands are available on homedepot.com and have been since last December. We are seeing very nice response from the customer.
Craig Menear: Well. I think we went at 120 stores last fall. Obviously, we are overlapping that. We started with some of our best stores where we felt we had the greatest opportunity. So we will see how that plays out.
Craig Menear: Cabinets continue to do well. We had strong growth in our overall kitchen business, we offer a wide variety of options for our customers whether that would be in-stock cabinets, semi-custom, fully assembled and we did well on the quarter.
Craig Menear: That's all I would like to add to. I will be remiss if I didn't call up the fact that between our inventory plan and replenishment team, our merchants working with our suppliers, our suppliers did an awesome job of working with us to make sure that product was flowing and be able to take care of the demand spikes. We couldn't have done it without them.
Craig Menear: First, Kate, I will turn it to Marvin to respond more fully, but yes they are positively comping and the rate of growth is improving. It's not at the same rate of growth as our larger spending pros, but that is actually consistent with how we thought this would develop, but, yes, it's positive and strong.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Gary. We look at the number of factors both, internal and external to why that point of view as to how our sales will perform in the back half of the year coming off obviously a very strong first half of the year. The best thing we can look at our current trends and I will tell you the current trend of the business is good. Sales are quite brisk. Now, competitively, Craig, you might want to comment.
Carol Tome: Well, as you know through the year, mortgage rates are up. They are at the highest rate that they have been since October of 2011 at about 4.4%. The affordability index is still at historical high, Gary. So if rates were to move up, it would peak that affordability index, but we have got a long way to go before it should have a dramatic impact we believe mortgage availability or the attractiveness for the consumer or homeowner to take out a mortgage. All that being said, however we are watching it.
Carol Tome: On the credit front, during the quarter we opened 1.4 million new private-label credit card accounts, so we were very pleased with that. The penetration of our private label card room 41 basis points in the quarter now outstanding at 22.6%, so that's the good news too. We also saw an increasing bank card, so it appears that consumers are willing to use our bank cards, our bank card penetration up 30 basis points year-on-year. If you look at what's going on within our private label portfolio, we see consumer approval rate hovering around 68%. That's good news too. because as you know, they were dropping as a result of some of the changes coming out Durbin, but now we see it hovering around 58%, the average line approved is $5,800. That's up $200 year-on-year at a FICO at about $716. On the commercial front, the average approval rate there is 70%. The line approved is $6,800. That also was $200 a year-on-year. We are coming behind our pro customers, because they are still very important (Inaudible) programs or we work with the underwriter to extend credit lines on a case-by-case basis. So, credit obviously is an important part. It's not the entire story here, but it is certainly part of the story.
Carol Tome: July was our easiest compare. So that's another way to parse it out, if you think about it that recovery of garden evened out but mostly performance.
Carol Tome: Well, just the way I would like you to think about the back half of the year, and I will walk you down from what we posted in the first half to the second half, and around. So in the first half, our comp was 8%-ish. I am rounding down. I am going to walk you down to the guidance that we are giving you which is about 4%-ish. First, we are up against some very tough hurricane sales and I would like you to think about this really on a two-year basis. We forget sometimes that we had a hurricane in 2011, Hurricane Irene. We had $360 million of hurricane related sales in 2011. Then if you move to 2012, we all know we had Hurricane Sandy but we also had Hurricane Isaac. So when you add up those sales, that's about $377 million of hurricane sales. So on a two-year basis, we were up against more than $730 million of sales coming off of hurricane. So one of the walk downs, obviously, would be, we are not anticipating hurricanes now. If we get a hurricane, it's a different story but right now we are not anticipating a hurricane. So not maybe a 1.5 point off of just hurricane related sales. Then, as Craig pointed out, commodity prices are starting to moderate. If you remember, the back half of last year, our structural planning pricing took off. Its now coming down. So we would knock off maybe a point, call it a 130 basis points for commodity price inflation. Then while we will have growth in categories like appliances, we don't anticipate the explosive growth that we had in the first half, just because we are anniversarying new brands. So knock off another 120 basis points, something like that and you get to the 4%.
Carol Tome: Well, it's really a change in the mix of our capital spending. We spent a lot of our capital on new store that had long lives. We are now shifting our capital to sort of assts including IT. This year, we will spend about $435 million in IT the longest life we have got there is six years, so it's dragging off over three.
Carol Tome: If I could just jump in, because Craig mentioned this, I just want to reemphasize the point. We saw an increase in items in the basket this quarter. It contributed 20 basis points of growth to our ticket in the quarter. It has been a drag since the housing crisis, so we can't overstate the importance of what that means in terms of recovery both, for our pros of course, but as well as our DIY customers.
Carol Tome: Yes, we outperformed the guidance that we gave you by about $800 million and as we look at that outperformance, the combination of appliances and gardens made up 50% of that. Garden would have been $200 million of that.
Carol Tome: Our guidance is that the full year expenses will grow at 30% of our sales growth rate. Now, let's just think about it on a quarterly basis so we can get our models right. We guided off of GAAP. In the third quarter of last year, we had expenses associated with our China store closing. So in the third quarter of this year, our expenses will be under last year. Then in the fourth quarter, it will return to more normal. It could be more in 30% range. So, when you add it up for the year, it will be 30%.
Carol Tome: I would be happy to. On the sales front, you should expect our comps to be in a fairly narrow range, so as regarding to let's say 4% for the back half of the year, that gives you an idea. They are going to be in a fairly narrow range. I have already talked about the expenses. Expenses should be lower in the third quarter and then trending more at our guidance of 30% of sales growth in the fourth quarter. I do want to pause and make sure everyone remembers that we had that extra week, so we got to axe that extra week out, (Inaudible) guidance here. The other thing I should comment on is, our gross margin performance. As we have looked out our gross margin rate up 16 basis points before the half and I guided that for the back half of the year it would be about half of that rate, or call it 8 basis points which translates to 12 basis points for the year. That's actually slightly under what we had planned at the beginning of the year, but it's purely a reflection of what our consumers are buying in our stores. We are doing a great job of managing what we control supply chain leverage, shrink leverage, cost out, but when a customer comes in and buys a lower margin product, we are going to take that sale all day long and it impacts our rate performance.
Carol Tome: We expect to drive continued leverage in our supply chain. Mark Holifield and team continue to drive productivity improvements, our RDC network is becoming a mature network, but it doesn't stop there. As you know, we are investing in direct fulfillment facilities, the transportation play it will help lower our transportation cost, not because cost of the supply chain transportation. Everything that Mark and team are doing, not just running better facilities, but managing the optimization of transportation should help us grow. As you know when we set out our roadmap to the 12% operating margin by 2015, supply chain was in that roadmap looking at a 20 basis points benefit.
Carol Tome: Well, the appliance benefit to the quarter was 80 basis point. Year-on-year, plenty of that number, I know that appliances are up $307 million year-on-year for the half, but I don't know what the comp is.
Carol Tome: Well, some of us were here last time we did a double-digit positive comp and our execution wasn't like it was today.
Carol Tome: So let me ask or answer the latter part of your question first. As we look at the health in drivers that impact our business, really looking at turnover and home prices, and as you have known, we have seen a nice increase year-on-year in both of those. We think, based on forecast for both housing and turnover, that that will drive about 250 basis points of our overall growth this year. Now, how do interest rates come into play for prices or turn over? Well, if you can't get financing then you can't get things to move so it could have an impact. We certainly haven't seen that to-date, so we have tried to do a lot of modeling and correlations to say well what would happen if rates went up another 100 basis points and another 200 basis points. We are not seeing anything that we can point out to as aha it is was a big learning, but just our intuition would tell us consumer psyche can change in a higher interest rate environment, so we want to be cautious.
Frank Blake: So, Greg, we have just started this year with the rollout of buy online ship to store. Last year we had buy online pick up in store. So there has been a substantial increase in the penetration because of the addition of buy online ship to store and the improvement of buy online pickup in store. I would say, we don't have a specific target on what we would like to see. The customers are going to tell us but we think, as I said, that we want our stores to be a competitive advantage and we want the convenience of our stores to be something that our customers see as a value and we are seeing that now. We are really pleased with it. It puts a lot of pressure on Marvin and his team because we have got new product rolling into the stores that they have to be able to respond quickly to the customer desire to pick it up, but that's really one of our long-term sustaining competitive advantages we believe.
Frank Blake: I split that into two parts. First what our stores can handle and then second, the broader comment on the market recovery. In terms of what our stores can handle, as I said in my comments, really an extraordinary job done by our store associates, our supply chain team, our merchants and our vendors to respond to a much sharper increase in sales than we expected and as I said again in my comments, it's easy to say you have a flexible business model. That puts a lot of pressure on you and when you just look at the inventory performance, the leverage and payroll as well as the sales, we are really pleased with our ability to respond flexibly. In terms of the overall market recovery, as Carol said, in terms of what's underneath our guidance for the year is the housing market is clearly an assist to us. That was something we saw in the second quarter. We saw through the first half. We expect that to continue in the back half. There are some things we are watchful of, but we expect it to continue. Then we have some specific things within our business that moderate that and both Carol and Craig detailed those.
Frank Blake: Yes, better. I would welcome my colleagues here to speak because I think it was a difficult quarter. It's kind of the difficulty that you want to have. You want to be challenged by sales but it required a lot of flexibility and responsiveness.
Marvin Ellison: Overall sales, but we have a very detailed analysis that we conducted at the beginning of the year trying to understand where Craig was investing in new merchandising categories, innovation and new products, as well as when we are forecasting sales, so to be specific we made labor investment in pro in two areas. Speed of check out, so we invested in our cash area. We also invested in loading. Pros want to get in and out buyer, so we made investments there. We made investments obviously in garden, because of just the overall sales trend and believe or not we made other investments just in a lot, because the transactions were at a record pace and we wanted to just provide assistance with loading and other departments throughout the store, so the overall business drove a lot of the investment but also just a penetration of businesses like pro allowed us to make incremental investments over and above just the overall business trends.
Marvin Ellison: Dennis, this is Marvin, and Frank said it well, would just remind people, we don’t increased dock doors or receiving space. We had record transactions and the associates, the merchants, the supply chain deserves a lot of credit. Managing payroll and environment was tricky but we have a new payroll system that Matt Carey and IT team helped us design about 18 months ago and it worked perfectly. So we are very proud. We kept our net promoters score year-over-year relatively flat over 70, which any other time wouldn't be pleased we were flat but in a record transaction quarter, we feel pretty good about the service levels for all of the transactions and customers and freight that we had to deal with. So are very pleased.
Marvin Ellison: Kate, the point I will add to that is, when we dissect the data understanding why the larger pro is growing at a more robust rate, a lot of times it comes down to liquidity and just access the capital. These smaller pros are remaining same, we were very pleased with their performance in the quarter and just pleased with all the partnership with the merchants in getting the products in the prices that they want. As I mentioned earlier, we made payroll investments on that side of the building, because they told us for years they want to get in and out fast, they want to us to help them grow their business and we think because of the investment in payroll from a loading, from a service and some of the customer service initiatives we put in place and things as simple as dedicated parking, which doesn't appear to be important with your customer, where time is money, those things are very critical. We are pleased with the growth and we hope that we continue to see it.
Carol Tomé: If you go back through time in higher interest rate cycles, we are often time powered through those cycles, so. No.
Carol Tomé: No. As you can appreciate, when we went into this, we looked at some of our highest volume stores and those two were close clients competitor. As we look ahead, we want to make sure that any incremental investment that we make will be value create.
Carol Tomé: Our adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio stands at 1.7 times against cap, if you will, at two times. That gives us about $3.4 billion of borrowing capacity as we stand today. We do have $1 billion in a quarter that comes due in December, and so we will take a look at whether or not we want to raise incremental financing at that time.
