Edward P. Decker: Thanks, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We had a strong fourth quarter, as sales exceeded our expectations. We saw strength across the store, led by our Pro customer, and our online business continued its double-digit growth, with sales growth of approximately 19% in the fourth quarter. All of our merchandising departments posted positive comps, led by Flooring and Tools, which had double-digit comps in the quarter. Lumber, Outdoor Garden, Appliances, Decor, Indoor Garden, Lighting and Plumbing were above the company's average comp. Hardware, Millwork, Electrical, Kitchen-Bath, Building Materials and Paint were all positive, but below the company average. We continue to see balanced growth between transactions and average ticket in the quarter. Total comp transactions increased 2.8%, while comp average ticket grew by 2.9%. Our average ticket increase was slightly impacted by commodity price inflation and foreign currency. Commodity price inflation positively impacted ticket growth by approximately 32 basis points, while a weaker Mexican peso negatively impacted ticket growth by approximately 45 basis points. Looking at big ticket sales in the fourth quarter, transactions over $900, which represent approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 11.6%. The drivers behind the increase in big ticket purchases were Flooring, Appliances, and several Pro categories. Once again, Pro sales grew faster than the company comp. We saw strong comps in Pro heavy categories like Fencing, Pressure-Treated Decking, Commercial and Industrial Lighting, Electrical Wiring, and Interior Doors. We also saw strength with our DIY customer, classes that outperformed included Special Order Carpet, Outdoor Power, Laminate Flooring and Storage. We drove record sales in each of our Black Friday, gift center and holiday programs. Our customers responded to our great values since traffic increased inside our stores and online, and we recorded our highest Cyber Week ever. Our events helped drive robust comps in Decorative Holiday, Tool Storage, Power Tools and Appliances. As part of our focus on balancing the art and science of retail, we continue to refine and localize our assortments. In our Outdoor Garden category, we are leveraging the power and agility of our local garden merchants. These merchants work directly with our stores and local growers to ensure we have the right mix of products to meet the demands of each individual community. As an example, during the drought in the West, our merchants sourced the highest-quality drought resistant live goods. As we look for to this spring, our local merchants are adjusting the assortment to meet current demand given much weather conditions. As customer preference continues to evolve and change, we will have local customized assortments so that the right product is always available. Now let's turn our attention to the first quarter. We are committed to being the product authority for home improvement. Product authority means having the best brands at great everyday values for our customers. With this, we are excited to introduce Milwaukee's new lineup of cordless outdoor power equipment. This lineup will include a string trimmer, blower, and hedge trimmer that are all part of the M18 platform of 125-plus tools. These professional-grade products have 18-volt power, a brushless motor, and come with a 9-amp power battery that delivers unmatched power and run time. These Milwaukee products are a Big Box exclusive. With spring rapidly approaching, we're gearing up for warmer weather in the outdoor project season. We are very excited about our new Patio Mix & Match offering where our customers are now able to fully customize their own patio set by mixing and matching different table, chair, cushion, and umbrella combinations to create their very own personalized set. We've seen a fantastic response from our customers with double-digit comps in the category. Our Spring Black Friday is also right around the corner, and we are excited for another successful event. To help our customers kick off the spring season right, we will be offering special buys on springtime products such as grills, outdoor power equipment, and live goods. We're looking forward to a great spring season. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Edward P. Decker: Yeah, Michael. This is Ted. I wouldn't say our share gains are coming on the back of promotional productivity. Appliances is certainly one category that is promotional, and we do participate in those promotions and have happily taken a lot of share. But the balance of the business, we have been very focused on everyday low pricing and bringing everyday low prices. As you know, we have a very strong Pro business, and you need to be priced right every day when the Pro comes into the store. So the market share gains are happening across the building, and that's the balance that we appreciate the most about it. And other than Appliances, we have not been leaning into promotions, albeit the marketplace in general has been a bit more promotional, that gives us more confidence to support our everyday low price positioning.
Edward P. Decker: Sure. This is Ted. The other thing that we continue to focus on is certainly being in-stock and having great value every day. We also strive to have the brands that the Pros want and the innovative product that we seek to deliver. And this happens throughout the store. For example, we're launching an even lighter drywall this quarter. It's 25% lighter, which helps the Pro complete their jobs and saves them time, and certainly a lot of backache. The Milwaukee outdoor power equipment, this is Pro runtime and power without the need of, obviously, messy fuels. So a lot of this is product and value that our merchants strive to bring every day for the Pro customer.
Edward P. Decker: Sure. You've heard us talk over the last several quarters about our investments in hard surface materials. And those businesses continue to do very well with laminate very strong. We're getting great product innovation on vinyl flooring. So today's vinyl flooring is not the 1950s and 1960s kitchens laminate in – or vinyl, rather. And so you're starting to see what's called Luxury Vinyl Plank introduced into many use cases. Tile continues to perform very well. But the thing that is really working for us right now is the soft side. You haven't heard us talk about the soft side in some time; our hard set has been doing great for several quarters. And we're now seeing the soft side pick up very significantly. So we have both ends of that business working for us right now, which is what produced the double-digit comps.
Edward P. Decker: Sure, Matt. I'd say, first of all, that what we really like in the business is the balance. So, as Carol and Craig said, our comp in the U.S. stores was 6.3% in Q4; it was 6.2% for the year. We have an even balance of ticket and transactions. In the fourth quarter, it was roughly 3% for each of ticket and transaction. We're getting growth in our small ticket. We're getting the growth that you're asking about in big ticket, and we're also seeing an increase in items per basket. So just that breadth of performance across the store we like very much. What's driving the outsize gains for another quarter in big ticket is really, you named them, so we continue to drive the Appliance business in the fourth quarter. Appliance has become a big selling period, but traditionally, the Black Friday period in retail. Our Flooring business that I talked about helped drive that ticket. And then the broad strength of the Pro across the entire store is the third large element driving that outsize comp in big ticket.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, so I'll start, and I'll let Carol comment. When you look at the projected margin, as we've said, we're intending to lean into growth in categories that are lower-margin rate categories like Appliances, but also as our Pro business continues to grow with categories in Building Materials. And so that's really what we're looking at as it relates to the gross margin. And if you think about the last two years, gross margin has roughly been about 3 basis points. With the 15 basis points next year, that's about a 12 basis point decline, and we kind of consider that to be pretty flat.
Craig A. Menear: And we are – we're excited about the opportunities with Interline. It is a $50 billion market opportunity across multi-family, hospitality and institutional, which we own about 5%, give or take, of that market. So it's a significant opportunity for us to continue our share of wallet with our Pro customer. And as you called out, we talked about the first use case is allowing our stores to purchase the Interline product. The next thing we're working on is allowing our Interline customers to be able to buy product through Home Depot or homedepot.com on their account. And that we're focused on here in 2017.
Craig A. Menear: So on the gross margin, we certainly are seeing some pressure from fuel year-over-year, and Mark Holifield is here, can comment, but certainly, we expect to see some of that pressure in the year. But we will continue to get productivity through our supply chain, and then we'll invest that back into the business.
Craig A. Menear: I think it's important to understand that the margin forecast that we're projecting is really much more around the mix of our business and what's growing in the mix of our business. Ted's here. He can comment. We're not looking to drive additional promotional activity, per se. This is all about, we continue to see categories like Appliances gain traction in the market. We continue to see our Pro customer engage in bigger projects and remodeling. Those carry lower rate businesses, but drive higher gross margin dollars, which is why we get the productivity on the operating margin line.
Craig A. Menear: I mean, there's Pro business across all markets. We actually look at the penetration of our Pro business on a store-by-store basis. And this isn't tied to a specific market. It's a broad-based approach that we've taken in the business candidly from the very beginning of Home Depot.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, as we have shared in the past, we actually think about this as one business, that's the way the customer thinks about it. And so we handle this from a portfolio approach, and we look at a blended operation, because that's really where the customer is taking us with 45% of our orders being picked up in-store.
Craig A. Menear: I think we've guided at the beginning of each year based on the cash flow projections that we have for the business. We still have a target of 2 times debt to EBITDAR ratio that is something that our board is comfortable with, so it's possible that we could expand.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah. And when it comes to optimizing, we're looking at that across multiple aspects of our business. We on occasion look at the structure within our business and we have organizational changes. This past year, for example, we brought together our online and marketing teams because that's really the direction of where the business is going. So we're continually looking at how do we optimize and drive productivity within our business around the SG&A.
Craig A. Menear: Yes. And this is an area that in 2016 really is the first year that we've begun to focus on freight handling inside our stores. It's an area of opportunity for us as we continue to leverage the work that we've begun with supply chain Sync, but really optimize how we flow product inside the stores. I've talked about in the past that what we'll ultimately have to get to in our stores is handling product inside the buildings as efficiently as we do in our DCs.
Carol B. Tomé: And maybe I'll just add a little color about our sales forecasting model. As you know, it starts with GDP growth forecasts, and for the U.S., GDP is projected to grow by 2.3% in 2017. We then add to that the benefits we believe we will get from rising home prices, housing turnover, and household formation. And we think housing will add another point-and-a-half growth to our overall growth next year. To that, we have added a little bit of share shift in Appliances and certain building categories. And just to put that in perspective, in 2016, Appliances contributed 50 basis points of our comp growth. So that gives you a sense of the share that we're including in our guidance. And then we're adding something else this year that we haven't included in the past, and that's what we call the cumulative wealth effect of home price appreciation. If you look at home equity, since 2011, home equity is up 108%. On average, that equates to $50,000 per household. And we believe that's contributing – as people use the equity of their house to spend back into their house, we believe that's contributing to our growth, so we factor that into our guidance, and that's how we got to the 4.6%.
Carol B. Tomé: So let me walk you through how we got to our guidance for 2017. As we commented, in 2016, our expenses grew at 30% of our sales growth rate. A bit of that was distorted because of payment data breach expenses that were incurred in 2015 and did not repeat in 2016. So if you ignore the payment data breach, our expenses in 2016 grew at about 38% – call it, 40% of our sales growth rate. It's stepping up to 50% in 2017 for a few reasons. We, like many companies, are facing rising wages, as well as higher medical costs, and we have factored that into our guidance. It doesn't mean that we won't drive productivity to offset some of that pressure like we have historically, but we have factored that into our guidance. Further, we're seeing some cost pressure coming in from property taxes in certain states like California, so we factored that into our guidance. And finally, because our capital spending is stepping up slightly year on year, there's a bit of expense associated with that. But as you know, productivity is a virtuous cycle at The Home Depot, so we always try to do better.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, I'll start with the growth assumptions and then we can talk about the performance. On the growth assumptions, we are assuming that Interline will grow faster than the company average in 2017, which was true in the fourth quarter as well. But remember, Interline is less than 2% of our total sales. So it just rounds out at the end of the day, and that's why our comp sales guidance is the same as our total sales guidance for 2017.
Carol B. Tomé: I think PFRI is a great indicator of the health of the overall market. And as you can see, it is a healthy market. We are a big part of it, aren't we? Because improvements – if you look at the components of PFRI, improvements is one of the big components and we're part of improvements. So in a way, it's a bit circular. I'm not sure that it's a great predictive tool, but it certainly is a great indicator of the health. Now, here's a really fun fact – and I know you know this because you've done all the research in this area. If PFRI were to return to the mean of 4.5% and GDP remain the same, we'd have to grow about 18.5%. And assuming there's no share shift for The Home Depot, that's a $16 billion opportunity for us. So will we get all those sales? I don't know, but it certainly suggests as the housing market continues to recover, there's growth ahead for The Home Depot.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, as you know, we like to look at our business from a half and not a quarter because of what we call the bathtub effect. You're never really sure when spring will land. If we look at the split by half, we would expect the first half to be slightly lower than the back-half of the year. As you know, we're up against a tough comparison in the first quarter, particularly the month of February, where last year we had a U.S. comp of 11.8%. I will tell you, Chris, we planned for a positive comp in February. We are beating our plan. It's early in the quarter, of course, but we're feeling very good about our business.
Carol B. Tomé: On the working capital front, we expect working capital to be a source of cash for the business in 2017, and we're planning for inventory turns to improve two-tenths year-on-year.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, first of all, I will say it's a minor change; about four-tenths of growth year-on-year. Secondly, our forecasting model is directionally correct, but at the beginning of 2016, it certainly didn't predict a 6.2% comp in the United States. So we use all these factors to build a model to give us a sense of where we're going. There's another factor out there that we look at, but we haven't incorporated, but we're spending more time trying to understand, and that's the leading indicator of remodeling activity that's published by the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies. If you look at that, and I'm sure you have, you can see that it's suggesting growth rates higher than the guidance that we've provided. So no matter how we look at it, we're very confident with the sales forecast that we've given.
Carol B. Tomé: One other data point, if I may. If you look at sales by category, peak to trough, while we've more than fully recovered everything we lost during the downturn, we haven't recovered every category. We still have $1.4 billion of sales that haven't fully recovered, and those are in low-margin categories. We want that to grow, and if housing continues to grow, it will.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah, our analysis would show that for every 25-basis point increase in mortgage rates, it costs the homeowner who's applied for a mortgage $40 more per month. So that helps sort of dimensionalize the pressure associated with rising rates. With the median home price in the country of $250,000, mortgage rates could go up to 7-ish percent before the Affordability Index would fall at 100 or below. So there's (42:45) a way to go before we'd be concerned. And you know what, mortgage rates stand today at 4.2%, 4.3%, something like that, the historical mean is 5.8%. So even if a return to the mean, you're still below that inflection point.
Carol B. Tomé: I wouldn't read anything to shrink for the year. Shrink was up 1 basis point. This is just a year-over-year comparison.
Carol B. Tomé: The comparison is correct. We are planning to spend the capital that we are guiding to of $2 billion. It's about 2% of sales. And as you think about capital for our business going forward, if you want to model 2% of sales, I think that would be a good number to use. We're investing in the initiatives that we've shared with you, be it interconnected retail, supply chain; we are also investing into our stores. As Craig pointed out, 45% of our online orders are picked up inside of our stores, that means we need to do some reconfiguration to hold those orders, and make sure the experience is right. We did a lot of work with our customers this summer and got some good feedback from our customers about things we could do differently in our stores. So 500 of our stores will be receiving what we call a new store environment, (47:43) lighting, the floors are going to be polished up. The stores are relevant, we want to keep them that.
Carol B. Tomé: It's $11 million in the quarter, $37 million for the year, $298 million life to date, and I think we're done. We're happy about that.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah, if you look at where the adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio stands today, there's $2 billion of borrowing availability. It's not our intent to let that ratio decline, which it will if we don't lever back up. The interest rate environment is still very attractive. We're very pleased with how we've utilized debt financing to supplement our cash to buy back our share. So certainly not suggesting that anything is going to change off of our past practice.
