Craig Menear: Thank you, Diane, and good morning everyone. We had a solid quarter achieving a milestone of the highest quarterly sales and earnings results in Company history. Sales for the second quarter were $26.5 billion, up 6.6% from last year. Comp sales were up 4.7% from last year and our U.S stores had a positive comp of 5.4%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.97 in the second quarter, up 13.9% versus last year. In the U.S., all three of our divisions posted positive comps in the second quarter led by our Western division. In all 19 U.S regions and top 40 markets saw single to double-digit comps in the quarter. Internationally, our Mexican and Canadian businesses had another quarter of solid performance. Mexico reported positive double-digit comps in local currency making it 51 consecutive quarters of positive comp growth. Our Canadian business also posted positive comps in local currency for a total of 19 consecutive quarters of positive comp growth. We continue to see broad-based growth across our stores both ticket and transactions grew. All of our merchandising departments posted positive comps and we saw a healthy balance of growth among both our Pro and DIY categories with Pro sales outpacing our DIY business in the U.S. The Interline integration is progressing as we continue to deliver on the acquisitions of value drivers. We’ve been piloting our first business use case offering Interline's catalog of products to Pros shopping Home Depot stores. We are pleased with the traction that we've seen in this pilot although it is still early days. We continue to work towards leveraging Interline's capabilities to expand our share of wallet with our current customers, as well as gain new customers. Our online business had sales growth of approximately 19% versus last year and represented 5.6% of total sales. As Ted will detail, we continue to leverage our merchandising tools to refine product offerings across channels based on customer preferences. Our goal is to provide our customers with the convenient and fulfillment options they desire. We continue to build our capabilities to improve the overall customer experience. For example, in recent months we began implementing our dynamic ETA feature for online purchases. Dynamic ETA provides a delivery date based on the customer's location. In the past, we issued a generic delivery window estimate, which allowed for extra time or cushion for the delivery commitment to customers. As we’ve begun to implement the dynamic ETA, our promised delivery date to customers is earlier and more accurately estimated. As a result, we're seeing an increased conversion in customer satisfaction. We continue to see great productivity from our supply chain as the dividends from investments made over the past several years yield a positive impact on our inventory productivity, logistics costs, and service to our stores and customers. As you know, we see our supply chain transformation as an ongoing work in progress and continue to optimize our network with initiatives like supply-chain Sync. Sync is in the early stages of a multiyear rollout. We're investing to more effectively meet our customer's demands. The rollout of COMS, our new Customer Order Management System, is now fully deployed in all U.S stores. The next phase of COM is to optimize and fine-tune this new system. Following behind COM is the rollout of BODFS or Buy Online Deliver From Store, which we expect to be completed by the end of the fiscal year. While we had a strong quarter, as you've heard we're instituting a high degree of change across many areas of the business. With this amount of change there will be learnings and opportunities to refine the process along the way. In the quarter, we identified several opportunities for improvement, particularly, around inventory management and freight handling, which we're working to address. Turning to the macro environment, we continue to see positive signs in the housing data, which we believe serve as a tailwind for our business. As Carol will detail, we are reaffirming our sales guidance and increasing our earnings per share guidance for the year to reflect our outperformance this quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. A successful spring season depends on the hard work and dedication of the 400,000 plus associates we have serving our customers today. I want to close by thanking them. Based on the first half results, almost 100% of our stores qualified for success, sharing, our profit-sharing program for our hourly associates. We are very proud of their efforts. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig Menear: I think, there is no doubt to your point that May result was a tough start. When you look at variability in the quarter month-to-month compared to a year-ago, we had higher variability and part of that was clearly driven by weather. An example would be in Washington DC alone there were 20 days of rain in the month of May. So it's hard to tell, but clearly we know there was an impact.
Craig Menear: So clearly when we look at housing, things that we focus on our own value appreciation which continues to grow, we look at housing turnover which is kind of running that norms, a little north of 4% of the housing stock is projected to turn in fiscal 2016. And then we look at new household formations and all of those are drivers in our business and all those continue to recover.
Craig Menear: Hey Chris, as Carol just mentioned, one of the learnings this quarter was in fact that we did have an error in an update logic that we put into our replenishment. We identified that, corrected it, and that clearly did have an impact on the order flow that happened during the quarter that has been corrected moving forward.
Craig Menear: Yes. It's really, really hard to gauge that. Clearly as we called out in the first quarter, we felt that there was some pull forward. It's really hard to know exactly how much that happens. Who knows what they -- whether in the upcoming fourth quarter will be, but we’ll try to stay focused on driving the business.
Craig Menear: To be totally honest with you, we’re focused on our customer. We don’t really pay a lot of attention to it. It's all about how do we take care of our customers every single day and make sure we’re driving volume for them every day.
Craig Menear: So, Budd, we’re again still working through the integration. We’re kind of ahead of the value drivers. We’ll likely see, but I’ll let, Bill comment on that. He’s here.
Craig Menear: Well, I think when you look at a few factors. First of all there’s about 4.6 months of supply, average historical is about six months. So that certainly means there’s opportunity as you go forward, that's also helping to keep home value appreciation going. And there is projections in the market out there from various sources that would say home value appreciation continues for the next couple of years for sure. And so, I think this is a tailwind that we see for the foreseeable future in the guidance window that we’ve given.
Craig Menear: I mean, it's really hard to know. We really don’t know. And the reason that we don’t is, there is so many items candidly in the store that can be substituted. So, if we cause ourselves hurt in one item, it's very possible that a customer picked up another item. So it's pretty difficult to tell.
Craig Menear: I think that the units per transaction, this is about the third quarter now that, when you think of all the positive comps we’ve had over the past several years, the units per transaction really didn’t move that much. But for the last few quarters, we’ve seen a healthy growth in units per transaction and it's really units in the larger ticket items. When you start to get into larger ticket items, you’re looking at 40, 50, 60 even 70 items in a basket. So this is clearly a project, while appliance sale for example would help the average ticket, you’re only looking at one or two items, the appliance and maybe some connecting hoses. But our project business remains very healthy, and the growth of that unit per transaction and units in things like lumber and building materials are very healthy for the business. So it speaks to Pro, and it speaks to project.
Craig Menear: Well, we’ve continued to see trade-up, we talked about this the last several calls where we’re looking at all our price points and again we had another quarter where our comp progression improves as we go up the line structure from good, better, best. And specific to Pro pricing, I’d say the only callout would be lumber prices are on the move when you’re starting to get some trade-off between plywood and OSV. Just as those prices get back elevated the more premium product in plywood there isn’t as much of a gap in that product class.
Craig Menear: I mean, we definitely saw an impact in our in-stock position for about six weeks during the quarter, but clearly have recovered from that at this point.
Craig Menear: I would say that we have really redoubled our efforts to focus on every day value for the customer. So we are increasingly focused on providing the best product with the best brands at the best prices everyday for all of our customers regardless how they pay.
Craig Menear: As we’ve said, we are fortunate that we are in a space where the customer is willing to spend. That's clearly driven by the dynamics that exist in the housing market overall. And as Ted, called out, we had a strong performance in tickets above $900 growing 8.1% in the quarter, and driven not only by big ticket categories like HVAC and appliances but by the units per basket around the project business. So, it's very encouraging what we’re seeing in that.
Craig Menear: I mean from time-to-time we see increases in promotional activity. We saw it certainly during the quarter, but we're focused on driving everyday value for our customers.
Craig Menear: Sure. So we do view the supply chain as a an ongoing continue opportunity to optimize, the next big initiative in that is supply chain Sync and Mark Holifield is here. I will let Mark comment.
Craig Menear: To put it in perspective between 2011 and 2015, on a cumulative basis, our supply chain has driven 68 basis points of gross margin expansion. So it's been very productive for us. We call that the productivity that we experienced in the second quarter and year-to-date we've had about 12 or 13 basis points of productivity. So, we continue to anticipate benefits coming on the gross margin line through the productivity in our supply chain and also there will be longer-term inventory turn benefits. We never want to go out of stock, but there will be longer term inventory turn opportunities.
Craig Menear: We don’t look at it as a deceleration on a nominal dollar basis. We've now grown over $200 million for …
Craig Menear: … 14 quarters. One change was the patio line structure I spoke about, we put more value product into the store that really sold incredibly well. And that took about 2, 3 points of comp of our online number. So we’ve been running at that 20-ish, 20 plus for several quarters now growing the business $200 million a quarter.
Craig Menear: Yes, that’s right. So, 42% of online orders are picked up in the store and 90% of returns are processed in the store and then one of the big benefits following the rollout of comp is we are now following with what we call BOFDS, which is Buy Online Deliver from Store. We’ve always delivered from our stores. The difference now is you can execute the transaction online and pick much shorter delivery window for your delivery. We are in about 700 plus stores now with buy online deliver from store very early days. We will be finished with that rollout by the end of this year and we're seeing really nice pickup from our customers and reuse, particularly our Pros, who have used buy online deliver from store coming back and using it a second and third time. So we think that fulfillment number which is the 42% will grow when we include BOFDS deliveries in that number. It's just -- it's very early right now.
Craig Menear: I definitely think that the market in total at least when you talk to Pros, they’re busier than they were a year-ago. So the market growth is certainly there. And when we look at the strength in our Pro categories, we believe based on all the data that we have or what we’re taking share in those categories as well.
Craig Menear: Yes. What --- as I mentioned earlier, what we’ve seen is a narrowing between the large spend Pro and the high spend Pro in terms of the rate of growth and that is a very healthy sign.
Carol Tome: But I'd say what gives us confidence is strengthen the big ticket as Ted called out another outstanding quarter in our big ticket categories. As Ted also called out, the growth in the quarter was balanced between ticket and transactions and part of the ticket growth was item in the basket growth. And that tells us that the project business is alive and well. And then finally we look at the strength in Pro and our Pro business outpaced our DIY business. So when you couple just the trends that we see in our existing business coupled with what we see in housing, it gives us confidence for the back half of the year.
Carol Tome: You’d expect to see some seasonality in our kitchen business. People are on vacation during the summer time, putting a new kitchen into your home isn't really top of your mind. We expect the kitchen business to come back in the fall time, because it typically does.
Carol Tome: Hey, John. The payables performance at the end of the third quarter was a reflection of increased purchases. Craig commented in his remarks that we had some learnings during the quarter and one of those learnings was actually we had an error in our order logic that we use for inventory purchases. And so we corrected that error and have corrected it and actually sent purchases to our suppliers, so that is just the timing matter. It will normalize itself by the end of the year. So this isn't a consistent trend.
Carol Tome: And we know we had a large comp in the fourth quarter of last year that we have to comp on top of and we plan for that. We’ll have a great holiday that, that we’ll talk to you about next quarter.
Carol Tome: Right. So as we look at sales on our private label card particularly our commercial private label card, we’re really pleased with the results. Sales are up year-on-year, ahead of our expectations. Our new accounts are up double digit ahead of our expectations. So it's still early days, we’re only six months into the program. But we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing. Now if I could zoom out a little bit and talk about our private label program in total, we actually saw a decline in penetration year-on-year of about 30 basis points, taking our penetration down to just under 23%. The decline was attributed to a decline in the consumer card. And when we peal back the layers of the onion to say, well what’s happening with the consumer card? We see a few things. Last year we had key promotional events that we did not repeat this year. So that impacted the penetration. And then we see increasing competition coming from bank cards. In fact I received one just at my home this week from Visa that's offering deferred financing. So there’s increased competition out there. And then finally and interestingly, we’re seeing a robust penetration increase in PIN-debit. PIN-debit up over a 100 basis points year-on-year is now the third largest form of tender inside of our Company. So the first largest is the bank card, the second largest is the private label card and the third largest is PIN-debit.
Carol Tome: And in terms of the impact on the quarter, as we talked about our top-line growth exceeded our comp sales growth because of the impact on Interline. We called out the impact on our gross margin. It did have a dilutive impact on our gross margin, which we more than made up for with productivity and supply chain, and vendor co-op and rebate. And then it does add more variability and expenses. So, if you look at our expense growth factor for the quarter, backing out Interline it was a little higher than 60%, as we expected. As we now anniversary the Interline acquisition moving into the third quarter, our expense growth factor is going to come more in-line with what we expected. And in fact, our expenses are under such good control, we were under our expense plan for the second quarter. We’re taking our expense growth factor down from the year. At the beginning of the year we said it would be about 40% of our sales growth. We now think it's about 32% of our sales growth.
Carol Tome: We haven’t seen any change. The fundamentals which, Craig, pointed out for housing and then the impact to home improvement are really, really good, and you go back to household formation. If the number of people in households were they drop to the 2000 plus, it would create 4.3 million new households. Now will they all go into single family owned households? No. But we serve both. We served owned households and we served rental households. So there’s just a tremendous amount of talent that continues to support our business, and our business outlook through 2016 into 2017 for sure. If not ’18, ’19.
Carol Tome: Yes. The way that we built our plan and our forecast, is that the comps for Q3, and Q4 will be more or less the same, shouldn’t see a lot of variability there. Now where you will see variability is on the expense growth factor. The expense growth factor will be higher in the third quarter than it is in the fourth quarter principally because of year-over-year comparison. For the full-year, the expense growth factor should be about 32% of our sales growth.
Carol Tome: No, we’re very pleased with our August results. Parts of the country obviously are flooded. We have a store closed in Louisiana, and we -- our heart goes out to the people who are impacted by that. But if you ignore that kind of activities, we’re very pleased.
Carol Tome: The granularity in items per basket, our history is not so good. Our record keeping is not so extensive, but we can’t really go back to prior periods. But what we can currently and this is, I think a really good new story in terms of the health of the Pro, is that while, the high spend Pros drove the outperformance, the gap between high spend Pros and low spend Pros is narrowing. And as that gap narrows, as we would expect that's a sign of health in this -- in the Pro space. So we would expect this trend in items per basket to continue.
Carol Tome: And let’s put that in perspective for you. We strived to have in-stocks of 99% or greater. As Craig pointed, we were six weeks under that goal, but the largest gap was 13 basis points. So it wasn’t a major disruption, but because of our standards to be 99% or better, we felt it.
Carol Tome: We are around 1.8 times which gives us about $3 billion of borrowing capacity relative to our target. It's not our intent to let that borrowing capacity continue to grow. And as we have in the past, we’ve opportunistically taken advantage of interest rates and availability to raise incremental shares and increase our share repurchases. So you should think about our past practice. It's something that we should continue in the future. But we like to guide based on what we know today. And what we know today is excess cash to buy back shares. And if we like to issue some incremental debt and buy back some additional shares, we’ll let you know.
Carol Tome: Well, we view productivity as a virtuous cycle in our business. And we are constantly looking out ways to drive productivity while ensuring that the customer experience is the best it possibly could be. Most recently, our HR team did a great job of renegotiating some contracts in support of our medical benefit programs for our associates. And that reduction has caused actually a cost out and with that cost out, our people cost are going to be as high this as we anticipated. That benefit will flow through into 2017, which is a good news story. And there are other examples of that, I won't bore you with all those examples, but there are other examples of where our team continues to go after large purchasing contracts to drive productivity and make sure that the experience is one that we want to deliver.
Carol Tome: We are doing more research in this regard, because we've never been in this place in our country, so we don’t have any history to rely on. So we’ve got more research to do. It actually makes us comfortable about our growth forecast as we go into '17, because when things start to break, you got to fix it. And we think it’s a tailwind, but Scot, I don’t -- I can't quantify it yet. Maybe we look at that research done and by the end of next quarter we can give you some more thoughts.
Carol Tome: And if you think about it Laura, based on the census data, which is an [indiscernible] we grew share year-on-year. And since Pro outpaced DIY growth it had to be share coming from -- in the Pro space. So clearly the market is growing, but we’re taking share at the same time.
Ted Decker: Well, our overall kitchen business did comp positively. The special order kitchens are not as much of a Pro category. The take with kitchens, our in stock kitchen business is more the Pro business and that in fact was a stronger comp than the special order.
Ted Decker: Interestingly on Prime Day there is so much activity in the market place. It draws a lot of shoppers online and our customers respond, and we have a good day dropping off Prime Day.
Ted Decker: Well, there’s clearly some share opportunity in the marketplace that we purposely positioned our self for, so we continue to invest in expanding our appliance showrooms with the larger showrooms, we can put more display pieces on the floor. It allowed us to get a much broader showing of Whirlpool’s offering as well as high-end brands like, KitchenAid. So we’re just a lot more relevant in this space with a better offering.
Ted Decker: Clearly innovation is a driver to the customer stepping up in the line structure. When you provide new innovative products, people step in.
