Frank Blake: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Sales for the first quarter were $19.7 billion, up 2.9% from last year. Comp sales were positive 2.6% and our diluted earnings per share were $1. Our U.S. stores had a positive comp of 3.3%. Our sales for the quarter were below our expectations. In 2013, we experienced a delayed spring in the U.S. and Canada and we expected more normal weather for this spring. Instead, much of the U.S. and Canada had an even colder spring and this had a significant impact on our sales. In previous years, we've talked about the bathtub effect that weather can have on our spring seasonal business, where weak sales in the first quarter are counterbalanced by strength in the seasonal business in the second quarter. We expect the same effect to be true this year. As we look at the performance of our business in the first quarter, the strength in the areas of the country where more normal weather existed supports this outlook. In the U.S., as Craig will discuss, our northern division, our largest division negatively comped, driven by weakness in seasonal and outdoor categories, but in our southern and western divisions we not only positive comped, but we actually did better than we expected. There has been a fair amount of discussion about the fact that many indicators in the housing market have softened over the last several months leading to the question of whether this indicates that the housing recovery has run out of steam. As we parsed the data from our own business, that is not what we see. The core categories in the store remain strong; pro-sales continue to grow. Our services business grew high single-digits in the quarter and we had another quarter of big ticket growth. And our fundamental view on the recovery and the home improvement market has not changed. We didn’t expect the recovery in 2014 to be as dramatic as last year's, but we continue to believe that home price appreciation, affordability and an aging housing stock in need of investment will continue to drive growth. On the international side, our Canadian business posted a positive comp in local currency for the quarter. In Mexico, our team posted their 42nd consecutive quarter of positive comps. They also inaugurated an online e-commerce site piloting it now in limited geographies, but eventually planning for coverage across the country. The power of interconnected retail and the opportunities it creates for us are now becoming apparent throughout North America, Canada, Mexico as well as the U.S. And we are pleased that as we invest in this area, we are seeing a positive response from our customers as indicated by improving customer satisfaction surveys and by our sales results. Our dotcom business had sales growth of almost 40% for the quarter. We are consistently seeing over 3 million visits per day and our conversion rate continues to increase. Also our dotcom presence was a contributing factor to our transaction growth. As Carol will detail, we are reaffirming our sales guidance and increasing our earnings per share guidance for the year to reflect the benefit associated with the sale of a portion of our equity position in HD supply. Let me close by thanking our associates for their hard work and dedication with a special thank you to all of our associates, who have helped communities in need throughout the country as they deal with floods, tornados, and fires. Based on this quarter's results, over 90% of our stores would be eligible for success sharing, our profit sharing program for our hourly associates. We are proud of this result, and look forward to improve on it in the second quarter. With that, let me turn the call over to Craig.
Frank Blake: Brian, we believe as we set out before that home price appreciation is one of the important drivers of our business that as homeowners get more comfortable that the spend on their houses that they will be able to recoup that investment. That’s a big tailwind for us, and we've seen continued home price appreciation even during some softening of other housing indicators. That’s not to say that the other indicators aren’t important to us, housing turnover, existing housing turnover obviously does drive sales for us, but it’s always worth remembering that that’s a relatively small percentage of the overall homeowners. It’s around -- between 4% to 6% depending on the year.
Frank Blake: Yeah. Chris, you could see that in our numbers that there is a difference with the pro in the south and west versus the north, I don’t know, Marvin, you might want to comment on that.
Frank Blake: I got to pull up from memory where we were. What I would tell you Matt is that as I said in the commentary that both the south and the west were ahead of what we had planned for on the sequential comp basis.
Frank Blake: I would also note that that was even with some weakness in the garden areas because of we -- well, and also in Texas we had slower spring. So that was true even with that. So a slight -- it went down slightly from Q4, but again ahead of our expectation.
Frank Blake: So we have Kevin Hoffman here, and Kevin is president of our online business. Kevin, if you want to respond to that.
Frank Blake: As it relates to spring black Friday or any of our key promotional activities heavily centered around special buys; that’s kind of been a strategy that our company has had from its inception to grow work deals with our suppliers, drive productivity in their factories. We use savings. We pass that savings along to the customer. So, now -- although big change.
Frank Blake: Actually I would start with -- we’ve added space to our appliance business. That was a result of a change in how the customer begins the purchase process in kitchens with a leveraging digital technology that you research upfront. So in many of the spaces where we expanded on our clients showroom, we actually took that from our kitchen showroom business. As you referenced in patio we see strong sales transitioning to the customers looking for choice online. So we obviously are using that to expand as well. We also are working pilots in lighting to have a similar type effect where we can show product a broader breadth of assortment in lighting and sell through the digital channel.
Frank Blake: What I would say there is we have put an appliance kiosk or larger screen into our stores. What we have found is that it is a great selling tool for our associates and for the customers to be able to do comparisons on product. Our experience has been that there are now lot of engagement with the customer by themselves, more of an assisted sale.
Frank Blake: It is all of our large suppliers have that capability, and we are working with some of our smaller suppliers to bring them up.
Frank Blake: David, it’s a little difficult to quantify the weather impact, but what I can tell you is categories like roofing, categories like riders, which are significant drivers to the larger ticket were clearly softer in the first quarter. We can assume that that’s weather-related.
Frank Blake: David, just two comments on that, you hit two big points of variability in our business, our labor force and our supply chain and then also our vendor responsiveness and what you saw in the first quarter of this year as well as the first quarter and second quarter last year was the ability of our teams to be very flexible in terms of responding both to lower demand and significantly increase demand and we have more Mark Holifield here who leads our supply chain effort. Mark, you might want to comment on the supply chain side of that Marvin on the payroll side of it.
Frank Blake: Michael, one comment I'd make is it depends a bit on the nature of the turnover. So if you go back to 2005 and 2006, one of the categories that was really the hallmark of turns and sales were special order kitchens; people would buy home, they would invest in the kitchen, they do upgrades and then they turn the home. That's actually the category for us that got hit the hardest over the housing crash. Don’t expect with the housing turnover that we think is going to grow as we go through this recovery. Don’t expect to get that same kind of response on turnover. Expect more the upgrades around -- you got to make sure the infrastructure of your home is right, you may paint, you may do some gardening. So I think it's going to be different as we go through this housing recovery than what we saw at the height of the housing market, and I don’t know Carol or Craig if you want to add some commentary to that.
Frank Blake: Well, I’d say first look for the obvious explanations first, and the obvious explanation is mortgage rate increases. And you could look mortgage rates took a pretty significant jump up in the summer of 2013, and you saw a not surprising response to that in the housing market. I'd say and just to emphasize Carol's point, I'd say actually the surprising part has been how strong housing price appreciation is notwithstanding that? So, the way we look at it obviously that we think the mortgage rate increases had some pressure on housing turnover, credit availability is still a bit of an issue, it's good. The recent announcements from the government on how they're approaching Fannie and Freddie are interesting and maybe helpful there, but between mortgage rates and credit constraints we think that is what brought a bit of a damp on some of the variables in the housing market.
Frank Blake: Eric, obviously we establish our event cadence and work our special buys long in advance, and those are set and ready to go for the second quarter. We are very comfortable with our inventory positions in terms of beginning the quarter and how we feel it will come out as Carol mentioned. We are already seeing the inventory come down at this point as we are seeing the pickup in the business as a result of improved weather.
Frank Blake: There is certainly landscape repair that has to happen; we know that there is roof patch that will take place in certain areas based on ice damage. So we've tried to look at it in general what's planning for the seasonal categories, how does that fit in, and then look at categories that you'd think naturally would potentially rise like gutters and so on, and appropriately adjust our inventory to capture those sales.
Frank Blake: Peter I'd say one of the underlying questions on that is the basic supply and demand equation. And you see a lot of wrestling with the question on household formation now. What happened definitely during the housing downturn was a dramatic drop in household formation. We know that there has been a substantial increase of folks between the ages of 18 and 35, who are still living at home. That creates a potential pent-up demand assuming that they eventually form their own household in their own household units that would allow for continuing gains in price appreciation recognizing that always you're looking at overall affordability as a key part of the equation, but for right now houses are very affordable, we are at really within the last 20 years this is probably one of the most affordable readings on housing you're going to see. So supply and demand equation, what's going to happen with household formation would be the real question to ask over the next several years. And we think it's going to be a positive dynamic.
Carol Tome: Well, you are right. We are up against very tough comps, and our comp in May last year was double-digit, but we are very pleased with our results thus far and maybe Craig you want to give a little color.
Carol Tome: Inventory is up year-on-year a little over $500 million. That’s really a reflection of the sales environment in Q1, we are starting to see the inventory come down and align with the robust sales that we are seeing in May. We’d expect to have inventory turn year-over-year improvement by the end of the year.
Carol Tome: And to put it in perspective, housing turnover at [4%] [ph] of unit today, and that’s what we used when we built our plan.
Carol Tome: It does. When I answer your question positively, I am referring to the adjusted April, which was a little over 4%. So May is higher than the adjusted April.
Carol Tome: Well, the good news is that lumber has actually anniversaried and it’s now ahead of last year. Structural panel is down, but it’s heading in the right direction. Copper yesterday was up, so it’s our point of view that it will normalize and flatten out.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We are happy to give you just a little bit more color on dotcom sales. The sales growth for dotcom year-on-year was $232 million, now making up 4.2% of our total penetration. And for the U.S. the comp contribution is a little over 100 basis points.
Carol Tome: Well, Budd, we planned our gross margins to be down in the first quarter, because we thought we would have a higher penetration of lumber and garden than we experienced. So we were pleased with the performance of course, but it was really a function of sales. So as you think about the second quarter then, as we recover in those categories, you should plan on the gross margin in the second quarter to be down year-on-year. With the full year, we expect the margin to be flat.
Carol Tome: Well, thank you. A few things about due to the expense performance in the first quarter, we called out lower expense items and one big one with the management bonus. A year ago we were accruing bonuses with a beat to plan or now accruing that we will make plan and that goes us about $27 million. So that was one of the ways that we drove expense leverage as a function of, last year we were beating. This year we think we will make our plan. We did, and Marvin did an excellent job, and Craig managing payroll and the stores in a very difficult environment as you can appreciate. We did leverage hourly payroll as we expect that in the stores. We looked at expense items and where we could push some expense into the second quarter, we did for example advertising was under our plan because we thought why advertise into a snow storm. So we pushed some of that spending into the second quarter. For the full year we expect our expenses to grow at about 33% of our sales growth rate. As you are building your model expect the first quarter and the fourth quarter to be under our guidance, and the second and third quarter to be over our guidance. This is a function of year-over-year items and for the full year growth of 33% of sales growth.
Carol Tome: In total 450 additional stores, this year will have some sort of an appliance change made to them either more square footage or another kiosk. So, yes, the technology is a way that we can help drive sales.
Carol Tome: And if I can pile on, each store is like a brand. And we had these customer orders essential to the store. So if you shopped in a store in Manhattan and then we are visiting a store in Chicago, I couldn’t see your order in Chicago. But now because we have a common order management you will be able to see the order wherever you shopped. So that’s good for the customer and good for the associates.
Carol Tome: Yeah. The classifiers don’t have it directly; they will go through a band. It will be EDI a hundred percent when we are done.
Carol Tome: We haven’t parsed the data in that kind of detail, but we will now. We will talk to you about it at the end of the quarter.
Carol Tome: I'd agree of course, and also suggest that we should look at home price appreciation harder than we do turnover. We can turnover with only 4% of unit. Home price appreciation really impacts the way people spend money on their homes. We saw last year, if you think about pricing along a good, better, best premium array we saw growth in premium priced categories in every quarter of last year. And that continued into the first quarter of this year.
Carol Tome: Well, I'd say first of all our dotcom business grew faster than what we planned. So we were very pleased by this. Remember, we are anniversarying the launch of Buy Online Ship to Store. So we had expected the growth rates to slow down. It was better than we thought. And in fact if you look at the $232 million of growth that we saw in the first quarter, almost a 100 million of that came from BOSS-related sales. So, this is a business that's [growthy] (ph). It's a business that we continue to invest into, because it's part of our interconnected retail strategy.
Carol Tome: Well, our forecast is like Q4 would be slightly stronger than Q2, but let me just say that the band, Q2, Q3, Q4 is pretty narrow.
Carol Tome: Okay, and as you know, we haven't adjusted debt to EBITDAR target, if you will, of two times. Today the ratio stands at 1.8 times. It is not our intent to let that ratio continue to decline, which it will as we continue to earn unless we borrow back up. So certainly haven't taken anything off the tale. As you recall last year, we said at the beginning of the year e do $4.5 billion of share repurchases. We ended up doing $8.5 billion.
Carol Tome: We had piggyback rights, so we followed along with the selling shareholders on a pro rata basis. And it was really -- it's a passive investment for us. So it made a lot of sense. If the selling shareholders go back to the market, again, we will follow along in a pro rata basis and just liquidate our position in an orderly fashion.
Carol Tome: We looked at Phoenix for example, because there has been a bit of a slow down in home price appreciation in Phoenix, and no, 'm not seen anything materially changed.
Craig Menear: Yeah. We continue to see strength across the store as we did in the quarter, and as the weather improves we are seeing an improvement obviously in our seasonal businesses and exterior categories.
Craig Menear: Yeah, we are seeing obviously the spring categories begin to take off. We know that landscape products need to be replaced. We are seeing sales improve in those areas. We know that in the harsh winter areas, for example, concrete cracked. So we are seeing sales in categories like concrete as a result of the repairs needed; and same thing in gutters.
Craig Menear: Yes. What we saw was softness in the soft side of flooring. It’s really difficult to lay carpet when you have snow in the driveway, because generally as they come in and do those projects that carpet gets laid out and cut in the customer’s driveway. So we saw it there, but we were very pleased with the hard surface flooring sales.
Craig Menear: Well, we’ve just begun the pilot in the first store. But what we are trying to do is give greater visibility to the consumer and our associates to special orders throughout the process. So when they actually place an order to understand the status of that order, where it is in the process of manufacturing. And then obviously arrival to our stores and we want to be able to give that visibility to our associates in the store, so they can better answer questions as well for our consumers during that process. And it’s a coordinating effort that drives back into our manufacturers, our suppliers to be able to coordinate all the way through the supply chain.
Craig Menear: David, the only thing I will add in the stores is that we partner very closely with the supply chain. As you know our payroll model is activity based. So we flex up and flex up based on our forecast of sales. It’s a challenge of when you are forecasting or planning sales to be higher than the weather is permitting, but very proud of the stores, very proud of our payroll management team here at the store support center is a coordinated effort. And again as Carol mentioned, we leveraged payroll by approximately 34 basis points for the quarter. We are very committed to managing the business well and we are committed to doing that while improving service. So, great partnership with supply chain; we have to be nimble and we are pleased with the performance so far.
Craig Menear: As Frank had mentioned one of the categories that will get hit hardened was kitchens. Likewise the window business went through a pretty significant downturn as well in the 2008-2009 area. We are seeing a nice improvement in the millwork business in total and in the window business. So we are very pleased with the current trends in that business.
Marvin Ellison: Yeah. Chris, I think that’s exactly right. Craig mentioned that our large pro, which we defined as spending an excess of 10,000 plus per year was very strong in the quarter. We actually saw some strength in the northern division specifically the mid western central part of that region. So we are excited about the pro business. You know we put a lot of emphasis on service in the store. We have outside sales reps that are managing those larger accounts. And we are seeing a lot of positive growth and we are excited about initiatives like Pro Xtra, which is our loyalty program which we have 1.5 million pro signed up. So we are excited that we have a lot of work to do, but we have good momentum going.
Marvin Ellison: Yeah. Greg, this is Marvin. In the past your greatest visibility was a phone call to an associate in the store for a status update and we want to give the information to the customer at their convenience, mobile device, PC, text, a lot of customer to choose how they want to receive that information.
Marvin Ellison: So Eric, this is Marvin. I'll give you an overview of the program. We call it Pro Xtra and as Craig mentioned, we signed up roughly 1.5 million pros. It's a very basic program. We are trying to do three things. We want to make sure that we get our Pro signed up so we can give them some exclusive offers; things like e-receipts, which will give them a more seamless return process. You know pros tend to buy more than they need when they're working on projects and jobs, and we want to make sure that returns process is seamless and easy. We give them this kind of business tools. As an example, if you are a roofer, it's very difficult for you to get a contract to get satellite imaging. If you sign on to Pro Xtra, we would give you discounted fees for that because we have a company contract. We also give them discount on things like background checks. So, just businesses tools to help them to run a better business and an opportunity to tie into things they can't afford as a small business person, and also exclusive offers. If you sign up, we work with Craig and it's merchandising team, and we have exclusive offers that we will make available only to pros that are in this club, in this loyalty program. We've seen very positive results. We've seen frequency in shopping increase. We've seen ticket increase in size of basket increase, it's very early. So we are not proclaiming victory, we just think we are onto something that we can build on, and we are looking forward to the future benefits of it.
Marvin Ellison: Hi, Scott, this is Marvin. We have a roofing siding and windows services business. The only thing I would piggyback on Craig's comments is we have to staff up. So as we forecast increased activity we just have to make sure we are staffed so that we can meet the demands of the customers and we will see where we land from our revenue standpoint at the end of the quarter.
