Craig A. Menear: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Sales for the first quarter were $20.9 billion, total sales and comp sales were up 6.1% from last year, diluted earnings per share were $1.21 in the first quarter and our U.S. stores had a positive comp of 7.1%. We were pleased with the start of the year. We saw a more normal spring across much of the country in the first quarter. All three of our U.S. divisions posted mid-single-digit comps or higher, our Western division was our best performing division with strength in key markets, including San Francisco, Sacramento, Colorado and Seattle. All 19 of our U.S. regions saw positive comp growth in the quarter. Both tickets and transactions grew during the quarter with particular strength in transaction growth. While our seasonal businesses were strong in the quarter, core categories also contributed to our performance. As Ted will detail, we were pleased with the growth in our Pro categories. And our Installation Service business saw sales growth above the company average in the first quarter with strength in countertops, windows and water heaters. On the international front, both our Mexican and Canadian businesses exceeded our expectations in the quarter. Ricardo and his team in Mexico posted double-digit comps in local currency, making it 46 consecutive quarters of positive comps. And Bill and the Canadian team posted comps in local currency above the company average, making it 14 consecutive quarters of positive comps. Operationally, in the quarter, we hired over 75,000 associates to ramp up for our spring season. Flexibility is required to be successful in spring and our associates and store operators were able to do just that. They officially managed the freight flow within the store, while maintaining focus on providing strong customer service in the aisle. And our second-generation First Phone enabled us to expedite the checkout process for customers during peak traffic periods. We had the highest first quarter transactions in company history and at the same time saw our Net Promoter Scores improved during the quarter. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we expected a challenging transportation environment in the first quarter due to the West Coast ports. While this proved to be true and created some pressure on in-stock rates, our supply-chain team worked vigorously and creatively to mitigate this condition. The situation is improving and we'll continue to work to recover our in-stock levels. The retail environment continues to evolve, blending the digital and physical worlds together, and we at the same time are building out our interconnected capabilities. For the spring season, we work to further connect our in-store and online experiences. From a marketing approach, we leveraged our digital marketing capabilities to more effectively target customers with relevant products and special buys. We not only offered more spring season product online, but also leveraged digital media channels to highlight local in-store assortments and create footsteps to our stores. In the store, our mobile app helped customers identify product locations with our enhanced product locator. We are also interconnecting our distribution networks to more effectively meet the customers' demand for fulfillment options. We have begun to roll-out the capability to flow buy online ship to store orders through our rapid deployment centers or RDCs, creating a more efficient flow to the stores. For the quarter, our online sales grew almost 30% and with our digital properties being our virtual storefront, we were pleased with online traffic growing double-digits in the quarter as well. We will continue to invest in mobile, search and creating a frictionless transaction across the different channels. While it's early in the year, our view of the macro environment has not changed much. The U.S. GDP growth was below consensus estimates for the first quarter, but housing data remains positive and supportive of the housing recovery, and the growth that we see in our business also supports the view of a continued recovery in the U.S. housing market. As Carol will detail, because of our outperformance in the first quarter relative to our plan, we are increasing our sales and our earnings per share guidance for the year. We now expect fiscal 2015 sales growth of approximately 4.2% to 4.8%, and project diluted earnings per share of $5.24 to $5.27. We remain focused on investing in our business and our associates as well as taking care of our customers. And I'd like to thank our associates for their hard work and dedication. Based on this quarter's results, 93% of our stores would be eligible for Success Sharing, our profit-sharing program for our hourly associates. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig A. Menear: Seth, the other factor that I'd throw in that is our Services business was strong again in this quarter, outpacing our company average, and the average ticket there is north of $1,500.
Craig A. Menear: I would say that if you look at the strength both in the small ticket as well as the big-ticket, we're seeing a broad sales pattern across the store and across the demographics.
Craig A. Menear: I'll let Carol provide you, she has some details in terms of the numbers, but when we look at this business as it's playing out this year, it appears to be much more towards a 2010 type of scenario, which was a more normalized spring overall.
Craig A. Menear: I think if you look at – we always look at the half first of all, because the quarters in the first half can play out very differently based on how the weather plays. And you're right that the multi, when you look at multi-year stacks the first quarter has had a tendency to be a softer multi-year because for the past several years we've seen slower start to our spring selling season.
Craig A. Menear: Well, this is all about driving interconnected retail at Home Depot. Our core merchants are responsible for the sales and margin dollars of all activity, all channels. So they are really looking at two different P&Ls to drive an interconnected experience and give them visibility of their comprehensive profitability and performance of their categories merchandise. And they're very excited about this change to get aligned and have one P&L for the whole business.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, it's just important to be able to give our merchants common visibility. And we manage our business on a portfolio approach. And to be able to actually look at the businesses in a common way just gives them better information overall.
Craig A. Menear: Well, Aram, I would say that first of all, we've been focused for a while now on trying to create excitement for our customers and our associates in the stores through product innovation and that will continue. It's something that's hugely important not only to, obviously our customers, but we know it's our job as a team to excite our associates. And we firmly believe that when we do excite our associates, they drive it in the marketplace better than anybody out there. So that is our primary focus. I think Ted – what Ted actually brings to the party is he's taken it to a different level and looking at a much more end-to-end approach from supplier all the way through customer. And I think that piece will be different than what actually I did when I sat in Ted's chair. I can assure you that product will remain a focus for our company.
Craig A. Menear: We actually do look at that under multiple facets and Marc Powers is here. I'll let Marc speak to that.
Craig A. Menear: It's largely true spring. We had a particularly tough start in the Northeast in February with cold and ice, and certainly we sold some ice melt, but really the warming trends in a much more normal spring across the whole country, it really was a true Garden story.
Craig A. Menear: I would start with just a comment that we're really not hearing much from consumers at all, and I can let Ted explain growth in categories.
Craig A. Menear: I mean, certainly the housing trends that we see in the market are positive, and as Carol called out, in some cases above our assumptions overall. It's certainly when home values go up, it gives customer confidence to drive into the project business, and when we see home turnover, that generally drives activity as well.
Craig A. Menear: And the most important piece of that is, that starts with sales. It's all about driving the productivity in sales, which then delivers the gross margin dollars.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah. On the delivery, we are still in pilot on that delivery program, and it is about being able to more consistently drive delivery and narrow our windows as well as better utilization of our assets. And Mark Holifield is here, I don't know if you want to make an additional comment.
Craig A. Menear: It's weather. Plain and simple. If you look at the areas in New England very, very late start to the spring selling season.
Craig A. Menear: We have 178 stores in the State of Texas. We've seen no visible impact whatsoever in that State at this point. Matter of fact all our major markets in that State posted mid-single-digit comps. It's something that we're keeping our eyes on very closely and we'll adjust accordingly if need be, but have not seen it at this point.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, I think when we actually go through our product line review process, this is something that we incorporate into those reviews. So the merchants are looking at not only how they can drive more top line sales and productivity out of the product categories as well, but they're looking at how they optimize inventory productivity and first and foremost in-stock within that. So we've seen improvement in categories that we've actually run through our model.
Craig A. Menear: We're not – in most cases we're still operating a single shift, if you will, through our distribution network. So we have the ability to add a lot of capacity through the asset base we own.
Craig A. Menear: I would say that's a tough one to call out. There is the theory of the case that in some cases there was a delayed spend. Clearly during the economic downturn and people focused strictly on maintenance of their homes. If you recall our maintenance categories were strong throughout the economic downturn. And when a home moves to a positive growth in terms of value, what was once an expense now becomes potentially an investment.
Craig A. Menear: I'd like to say one other comment as it relates to the mix is with much of the country seeing a much more normal kind of spring, obviously just outdoor projects in general were stronger in the first quarter than they were a year ago.
Edward P. Decker: Thanks, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We were pleased with our performance in the first quarter as we saw continued strength across the store. Sales were aided by a more normal spring and great events, including our annual Spring Black Friday. The departments that outperformed the company's average comp were Tools, Indoor Garden, Outdoor Garden, Décor, Lighting, Plumbing and Appliances. Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Hardware, Millwork, Building Materials, Paint, Flooring and Electrical were all positive but below the company average. Pro Heavy categories continue to show great strength as we saw double-digit comps in Siding, Power Tools, Commercial Lighting, Fencing and Power Tool Accessories. In addition, pressure-treated decking, compressors, windows, tile-setting materials, concrete, board, insulation and fasteners all had comps above the company average. Outdoor project categories were also strong during the quarter as we had double-digit comp sales in Lawnmowers, Chemicals, Outdoor Power Equipment, Planters, Lawn Accessories and Grills. The core of the store continued to perform well across the country as we saw strength in Maintenance and Repair categories. Water Heaters, Cleaning, Hand Tools, Air Circulation, Wiring Devices, Adhesives and Light Bulbs all had comps above the company average. In Décor categories, Vanities, special-order cabinets, Ceiling Fans, Bath Fixtures, Decorative Lighting and Tile also had comps above the company average. Our seventh annual Spring Black Friday delivered strong sales as the stores drove excitement around special buys that were well-received by our customers. Comps in Gardening Tools, Soils and Mulch, Watering, Live Goods and Patio were all above the company average. We continue to work to mitigate the effects of the drought in California using our planning and assortment tools. We're featuring more water-saving products and landscape options like moisture control soils and mulches, drip irrigation systems and drought-resistant plants like succulents. In addition, our stores in California are holding clinics to educate customers on these products and how to reduce water usage. As a result, both the Indoor and Outdoor Garden departments in the Western division posted comps above the company average. Total comp transactions grew by 4.4% for the quarter, while comp average ticket increased 1.7%. Our average ticket increase was negatively impacted by commodity price deflation, mainly from copper. Total impact to ticket growth from commodity price deflation was approximately negative 15 basis points. Tickets for transactions under $50, representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 3.2% in the first quarter. Transactions tickets over $900, also representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 6.8% in the first quarter. The drivers behind the increase in big-ticket purchases were Riding Lawnmowers, Water Heaters, Appliances, Windows and Sheds. Now, let me turn our attention to second quarter. We continue to be the leader in the marketplace for innovation and value that save our customers both time and money. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the exciting lineup of new products for our Pro customers. We are pleased to introduce a new lineup of DEWALT and Makita pneumatic nailers, both exclusively sold at The Home Depot. These are strong national brands that our Pro customers know and trust. The new DEWALT nailers are compact, lightweight and feature innovative True Sight nose technology that allows for faster and more accurate nail placement, saving our Pros' time on the job site. Utilizing our field merchants and our planning and assortment tools, we constantly refine our assortment. Some product categories are sourced nationally and some are sourced regionally. Based on customer preference and the output of our tools, we recently refined our assortment in Roofing. We added an assortment of Owens Corning shingle products in select areas of the United States, including California where they are one of the top professional shingle brands. Pros are increasingly shifting to cordless platforms that offer the power and runtime of gas. New from ECHO is a 58-volt lithium-ion battery platform featuring a string trimmer, hedge trimmer, blower, chainsaw and lawnmower. These tools feature a brushless motor for superior power and performance that rival and in some cases surpass corded and gas-powered counterparts. In addition to all the great new products, we're excited about our upcoming events. The outdoor season is upon us and we will help our customers enjoy it with an incredible lineup of great values and special buys for our Thrill of the Grill, Memorial Day, Father's Day and 4 of July events. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Edward P. Decker: I would say that we're seeing really strength across many departments, water heaters, appliances, our tools, riding mowers, walks, all of our outdoor garden categories, grills, et cetera had just a terrific quarter and those wouldn't be Pro-focused items.
Edward P. Decker: Yeah, so there's certainly a lot of noise, nothing that we've been able to quantify in an impact in our business. Flooring did comp below the company average, but we're seeing nice trends there and Tile is really the story for us. Tile continues to perform very well. We did 600-odd stores where we put in the expanded hard set showroom, which is really about getting a lot more tile displayed and available for sale in bulk, and that continues to perform very well. It's all of the space optimization play to move in the Flooring categories where trends are seeing more in hard surface, than carpet. We'll continue to look for those opportunities. We've been pleased with the results of those 600-odd stores.
Edward P. Decker: I think that one of the principal lessons we're learning is that you're never done on the journey of continuing to optimize your assortments in your space. We used to have resets in PLRs and line reviews as an event. It would be every one year, every two years, every three years, and then you wouldn't pay particularly as much attention to that category. What we're doing now is building the tools that you can have a much more fluid review process, and constantly be optimizing your assortments. And that notion of never really being done and building tools that are flexible enough and easy enough to use to have a continuous productivity and improvement loop, is one of the key things on discovering.
Edward P. Decker: Well, we're not forecasting an improvement against commodities, copper prices and lumber prices are down meaningfully on next year and we're anticipating it staying as is.
Edward P. Decker: Well, I don't think the general promotional activity in the marketplace in the first quarter I'd say was similar. We didn't really change our cadence. What we did and the events we did with things like the Spring Black Friday. On mix we've seen the consumers, we've talked about this before, where we track all sales by various price points and we saw yet another quarter of where the consumer is buying up the continuum. And we are seeing higher comps in each price gradient as you go up the mix from OPP to good or best premium products. On brands the consumer always is looking for value, the right product at the retail and I think we have a great mix of the right brands and our own private label product as well to satisfy that customer.
Edward P. Decker: No, we haven't. We still don't have a specific target on a private label penetration. We're over 15% and again we're letting the consumer choose the value proposition they want.
Carol B. Tomé: And I might jump in and just give you some demographic information. As we look at our customer base, we're seeing some interesting trends. Since 2009 spending in high income households has grown faster than low income households, driven in part by higher end homes recovering faster than lower end homes, and when we say higher end homes, we are talking of homes of $200,000 and up. Interestingly as we look at our consumer base, over 50% of our customers have homes of $200,000 or more, and you compare that to the national average, which is more like 40%, so we think just the nature of our customer base is helping drive this big ticket growth.
Carol B. Tomé: And here are some numbers. If we look at our garden department, our garden department in the United States made up 19% of our sales and 26% of our growth. If you compare that to last year, which wasn't a normal spring, our garden department made up about 18% of our sales but only 4% of our growth. This ratio of 19% penetration and 26% of growth is more normal for us. So we don't believe that we have pulled forward sales, nor do we believe we will lose sales or grow sales more than our plan in the second quarter.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. We haven't changed our outlook for the second quarter. In fact, we haven't changed our outlook for the year and if there's a bias in our forecast, we believe the bias is to be up. We are pleased with our performance in May.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, let's look at the Affordability Index because that's a big impact to how people feel about their homes, what kind of homes they can afford, et cetera. The analysis would suggest that interest rates, and these would be mortgage interest rates, could rise 200 basis points and the Affordability Index would still be north of 100%. So even in the face of potentially higher rates and who knows when that might occur, but even in the face of potentially higher rates, we don't see any near-term pressure on our business. And in fact, to your point, that could suggest a little inflation in the economy and that would be a good thing.
Carol B. Tomé: So other than weather, the only other anomaly I can think of was Superstorm Sandy and the impact that it had in terms of creating a real variation in our stacked comp. So those are really the drivers.
Carol B. Tomé: And as Craig pointed out, our dotcom sales grew nearly 30%. In fact, they contributed 20% of our overall company growth in the first quarter. And we made the change at the beginning of the year.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. On the private label pilot that we have been conducting, it's in about 260 stores. This is where we're offering terms as well as fuel rewards points and we're very pleased with the results thus far and we anticipate making a go/no-go decision soon. Everything got pushed back a bit because of the data breach but we hope to make a decision soon. And on the Pro, I can just give one data point and that is just looking at what we know. We look at managed accounts as well as sales on our commercial private label card. Both managed accounts and sales on our commercial private label card make up over 20% of our total sales and in the first quarter, we saw growth outperforming the average company growth. So we were very pleased with the Pro in total.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. So nothing has really changed on the expense front, and as we called out, we had higher expenses in the first quarter than our plan. Why the expense growth factor is declining from our original guidance is all a factor of sales. We had a considerable beat to our plan in the first quarter and we're rolling that forward for the full year. And this company defines operating leverage. So the more sales you get, the more leverage that you get. So it's just a function of our new sales outlook. And in terms of the expense growth factor broken down by half, we would expect the expense growth factor to be higher in the first half of the year than the second half of the year.
Carol B. Tomé: Brian, our adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio stands a little under 1.8 times, and you know our target is not to exceed 2 times. So we have the capacity right now to borrow about $3 billion to take us back up to target. It is not our intention to let our adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio decline as it will with more earnings. It's not our intention to let it decline. And as you've seen us act in the prior couple of years, we've taken advantage of market opportunities to bring in some incremental debt and use that for share repurchases. So nothing to announce today, but it certainly is not our intention to let the ratio decline.
Carol B. Tomé: Right. And so home price appreciation is a big driver. Home prices are up 5% year-over-year. That's higher than our plan. The other driver is household formation, and it looks like there'll be 1 million households formed this year, which should be awesome. In fact I'm always fascinated by this statistic. If you look at people between the ages 18 and 34, nearly a third of them are at home with their parents. And if they were all to leave their home nest, like my nephew just did, thank goodness, that's 4 million households that would be created. So I'm just really excited about what the future may be for our business.
Carol B. Tomé: There's slight movement. It seems to be thawing slowly like a glacier melt, but slowly. Interestingly, the number of mortgages that are being underwritten by FHA, these are insured mortgages, is up year-on-year. That's actually pretty encouraging, because it means first-time home builders are finding – or homeowners, excuse me – are finding a way to get into a home. But this is, this is slow.
Carol B. Tomé: Dan, we would say 34% is the new 35%. Now, we do have an Investor Conference coming up at the end of this year, and we'll give you a longer-term outlook on all of our margins.
Carol B. Tomé: Matt, it is not. When we put forward guidance at the beginning of the year, I looked at it both pre what we call COGS alignment and post COGS alignment, just to make sure I wasn't going to give you some distortion on the guidance. It has no impact at all.
Carol B. Tomé: And it's very hard to measure sales impact because what our store associates do and they do a beautiful job of this. If you come into the store and you can't find what you're looking for, our store associate is going to take you to something out there.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. We want to do this the right way. We don't want to do it by going out of stock. This year, in fact, our targeted turns are 4.8 times. You'll recall two years ago we thought we'd get to five times by the end of this year. We're not going to get there, because we want to do it the right way. The good news is that we've got a number of initiatives underway that once they are fully employed I think the five times turn will be something considerably higher. Now that won't be in 2015, but there's more to come on the inventory story at The Home Depot.
Carol B. Tomé: The ticket we called out was a total company ticket. FX impacted ticket by $0.58 year-on-year, so that's a pretty big drag.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, it's very difficult for us to get a good measure on market share, but if you look at the census data, which is a good proxy for it, census data showed us growing our market share somewhere around 10 basis points to over 27%.
Carol B. Tomé: It's pretty easy, if you look at your own personal balance sheet. It's easy to put a value on your home. It's easy to put a value on your stock investments or your bond investments or even just the cash that you have in the bank account. Harder to put value on softgoods. Harder to put value on other consumables. So that could be one reason if you think about wealth creation putting money into where you want to create wealth.
Mark Holifield - Executive VP: Yeah, we've got the program in pilot in a couple of markets, and we're learning how this works and working through the details so that we can provide the customer a flawless experience. We're offering two-hour windows, four-hour windows, and then next day that are just all-day delivery windows. The pilot is going well. We're taking the learnings and continuing to improve the process.
Mark Holifield - Executive VP: Sure. Yeah, Matt, as we mentioned last quarter, the West Coast ports have been a very challenging situation for us. The team here has done a great job in terms of working together to mitigate the issues there. Having said that, we have had negative impact on our in-stock, particularly for our direct import items, but we've also seen some hits to our fill rates from vendors, and that has led to lower in-stock than we would like to see. So our inventory probably is a little lower than we would like it to be given where it's at, but that inventory is coming and it's recovering as the port has gotten a lot better.
Mark Holifield - Executive VP: Yeah. It's Mark Holifield here. We don't have any development plans right now on further distribution centers for the core side of the business. We have been of course improving our direct fulfillment capabilities and we will be bringing on the new direct fulfillment center in Troy, Ohio in the second part of this year.
