Craig Menear: Thanks Frank and good morning everyone. We had a strong quarter compared to our expectations and we saw encouraging signs. First, a solid, broad based transaction performance across the store; second, the seasonal businesses performed well, leveraging the supply chain capabilities and merchandising tools developed over the last few years; and third, our core repair and maintenance business remains strong. As anticipated, the challenge in the first quarter continued to be big ticket, which remains under pressure from both the pro and discretionary spend.  On a departmental business, every department posted positive comps for the quarter. Garden, lumber, paint, electrical and lighting outperformed the company’s average comp for the quarter. Plumbing, building materials, hardware, flooring, kitchen and bath and mill work, while positive, were under the company average comp for the quarter. From a commodities standpoint, we did experience inflation in lumber and copper in the quarter which positively impacted U.S. comp sales by approximately 100 basis points. As you may be aware, structural panel and framing lumber prices are up substantially from a year ago due to supply constraints.  Overall, total customer transactions were $323 million, up 4.2% compared to last year. This is our largest year-over-year increase since the fourth quarter of 2005. Our total comp transactions increased by 4.4%. The seasonal business was a key driver to this performance, and with the exception of kitchens, we saw transaction growth in all our businesses. Transactions for tickets [inaudible] $50, roughly 20% of the business in the U.S., were up 4.7% in the first quarter. As we have seen for several quarters, the simple décor and general repair businesses have remained resilient and been contributors to transaction growth. General repair continues to perform well with categories like caulk, safety and security, roofing, pipe and fittings all exceeding the company average comp performance. Simple décor projects like paint, faucets and ceramic tile all had positive comps, and are examples of the continued strength that we see in these small project categories. As I mentioned earlier, our seasonal businesses also performed well, and our enhanced supply chain and merchandising tools allowed us to meet the demand throughout the quarter. Landscape, live goods, fertilizer and chemicals all performed positively as customers were excited to get outdoors and take on simple DIY projects to spruce up their yards. Grills, portable power, walk behind mowers, patios, all posted double digit positive comps in the quarter. Our spring selling period represents a highly variable portion of our business, and our tools enabled us to have the right products in the right place at the right time. For the last three years, Mark Holifield and his team have been working to optimize our supply chain and replenishment capabilities, resulting in shorter lead times and improved in stock rates. As Frank mentioned, we implemented an enhanced replenishment forecasting tool for all of our seasonal categories. The next step is to drive space planning integration. This effort will link our assortment maintenance, forecasting and Plan-O-Gramming tools to our replenishment system.  While we’re pleased with our first quarter results, we have yet to see a clear recovery in our pro business or big ticket discretionary categories such as special order kitchens. These factors continue to pressure our comp average ticket during the quarter, which was down 1.3% to $52.01 in the U.S. retail. Our total company average ticket was flat to last year, and on a comp basis was up 0.4%. In the U.S. transactions for tickets $900 and above, which represent approximately 20% of sales, were down 1.4%. While still negative, our pro business is showing signs of improvement. In fact, we saw positive growth in some highly penetrated pro categories such as fasteners, hand tools, power tool accessories, wire and wiring devices. Recently we began to see unit improvements in categories like plywood and concrete, yet still negative for the total quarter.  We know the efforts we’ve taken to improve our customer service, assortment and store environment have been resonating with our customers. Through March, our U.S. market share is up 83 basis points on a rolling 12 month basis. And to give you two examples of where share growth is coming from based on an independent third party tracking of consumer activity, we saw 140 basis points of market share gain in paint and 150 basis points of market share gain in electrical. As Frank mentioned at the beginning of this year, our expectation for 2010 is that this will be a transitional year. We expect to see greater improvement in transactions, prior to ticket recovery. We started the year off well and feel that we are well positioned to deliver on our commitment. And now I would like to turn the call over to Carol.
Craig Menear: When we look at categories like roofing and windows, those categories have performed well in the quarter and we would need to continue to see the overall pro business continue to gain momentum. As Frank mentioned, we’ve seen improvement in the pro business into a low, single digit, negative environment as we look at the pro attributes. But we are seeing improvement in categories that are heavily pro penetrated. And that would really need to continue through the back half for us to continue to show the kind of performance improvement that we’re looking for.
Craig Menear: Sure. Eric, when you look at the seasonal business, first and foremost, we had a very solid performance in seasonal. The tools allow us to do a better job of getting the right assortment in the right places, which then obviously saves us in terms of markdowns. At the same time, as we’ve worked to bring everyday great value to our customer we continue to take promotional activity out of our business, which also helps on the markdown side of the business. And then third, as we work our product line review and our assortment structure through that process, we’re seeing benefit in terms of overall improvement in line structure and the gross margin dollars that that delivers when we get those category improvements.
Craig Menear: Sure. We did have a strong business in our seasonal business. We do expect that to continue through the second quarter. Matter of fact, our outdoor business penetration in the second quarter is actually higher than in the first quarter. So we’re looking forward to that continuing. We did have a solid performance in our appliance business overall, you know, with mid single digit growth there. We think that some of the new products that we have coming in the quarter will continue to help us drive sales in that area that, in the first quarter, was benefit from the stimulus package that was out there. We do believe that roughly 80% of that business as it relates to the rebates are probably done, as most of the big states have completed their programs, but we’re very confident that in our assortment going forward and the new products that we’re bringing that we think we can continue to drive that business.
Craig Menear: Well, I think it’s a combination. We had a very strong seasonal business overall, with double digit growth. You know, whether that was categories like power equipment, portable power equipment running strong double digits; patio, very strong; our live good business in the high single digits; our barbecue grill business is double digit positive comps. So certainly having the right assortments in the right place, making adjustments, continually year-over-year using our assortment tool we believe has allowed us to help deliver that performance. And then likewise, we’re also seeing a benefit in that from a gross margin dollar productivity standpoint. And so those sales are delivering gross margin improvement, we have less markdowns in these categories. As we track sell through in them on a week-to-week basis, we’re taking less markdowns as you move through the season to really drive the inventory productivity. And so it’s really a benefit on both sides, Deb.
Craig Menear: Actually our spring marketing as it relates to spring Black Friday was kind of a repeat of what we did last year. We’ve worked with our suppliers to go out and develop special buys, bringing them to the market to kick off the season for the last couple of years now. And then we have tried to work hard to integrate our online business to our store business. That’s one of our initiatives that is under works. And that did perform very well for us during the quarter.
Craig Menear: We never look at inventory productivity without connecting that to in stock. I mean you just can’t separate those two, so we measure ourselves based on the productivity of inventory against our in stock improvement.
Craig Menear: Yes, I believe the industry reported north of 8% shipments during the quarter, which is obviously a substantial improvement from where they anticipated it to be during the initial forecasts that they had for 2010. So I mean I don’t think there’s any question that some manufacturers scrambled to get product out. They added shifts or added people to their plants to try to meet the demand that existed out there. But overall I think, you know, we were very pleased with our appliance business in the quarter.
Craig Menear: The inflation overall as it relates to let’s say lumber and copper was about 100 basis points during the quarter, of which about 70 basis points came from lumber. When you look at lumber overall, you’re right. I mean it moved dramatically in the quarter. Framing was up year-over-year almost 62% and panel was up over 45% year-over-year in the quarter. When the market runs at that rate, you have to move with it and we moved pretty quickly with it. And then when you look at the fact that it’s really not demand driven so you’re not seeing positive growth in units, that’s really the element that’s driving the total impact versus what you might expect. If we were getting significant unit growth, then you’d be absolutely correct that you would expect to see more. But it’s still not positive in terms of units.
Craig Menear: Kind of heavily penetrated pro categories is what we’re watching and when you look at it, still negative in the quarter, I guess the encouraging piece of it was if you look year-over-year in categories like plywood or concrete, substantial improvement in terms of year-over-year. So if you were double digit declines last year at this time, we’re running low to mid single digit declines. So we would continue to watch those types of categories. And then look at the baskets overall to determine are we beginning to see some of the project businesses that would look like room additions and basement remodels. That’s the kind of things we’re watching for.
Craig Menear: Obviously looking at those as well. Those continue to remain under pressure for us overall during the first quarter and we’ll continue to monitor those categories and work to drive market share in them.
Craig Menear: There is always things happening inside the cost structure of product categories, and we’re really taking these one off at a time, working individually with our suppliers. You know many times there are announcements of increases. That doesn’t mean that they necessarily all flow through or they certainly don’t flow through at the rates that are announced. So there are movements within certain areas, but in general not a lot of movement in the first quarter. You know a little more talk in the second quarter, but all those are single, one off negotiations.
Carol Tomé: We do. As we started the year, we said that our sales would grow about 2.5% and that our expenses would grow at 60% of our sales growth. With our performance in the first quarter, we now think that expenses for the year will grow about 50% of our sales growth, and it’s just a function of the sales environment.
Carol Tomé: Sure. A couple of things. At the beginning of the year, we said we would have modest gross margin expansion. We’re going to do a little bit better than that, based on the outperformance that we experienced in the first quarter. And then on the expense side, at the beginning of the year we thought expenses would grow at a factor of 60% of sales. Based on our performance in the first quarter, we now think it will be closer to 50% of our sales growth. And to put that into a different perspective, to give more color, when we built our plan we actually thought the first quarter expense growth would be higher than the 67% that we recognize. So hopefully that’s helpful in understanding how we’re viewing the year.
Carol Tomé: And on the SG&A side, Eric, I think you remember that last year we did a nice job of controlling our expenses. We haven’t stopped that work. We’ve got cost out teams and we continue to have a laser approach on managing expenses. And with the positive sales environment, that allows us to drive more leverage.
Carol Tomé: I would like to give just a little bit more color on how to think about Q1 versus Q2. Because of the very nice weather that we had in the first quarter, we pulled forward some of our spring sales. So at the beginning of the year, we said that we anticipated a sequential improvement in comps, every quarter, until the fourth quarter where comps would be positive, but we were lapping double digit positive comps in Canada so it may not show a sequential improvement. As we look at what we believe we pulled forward into the first quarter, we wouldn’t necessarily expect the second quarter to be a higher comping quarter than the first quarter, still positive, but we did pull forward some sales.
Carol Tomé: Sure. Well, payroll is our largest expense, so let’s start with that. We leveraged payroll by 23 basis points in the quarter. That’s good. It could have been better. We pulled forward some staffing deliberately because we were having such great sales. If you look at all the other expenses, we’re pretty much in line what we expected in terms of leverage. Here’s where we didn’t lever. We pulled forward marketing dollars in terms of advertising. We had costs associated with our Martha Stewart rollout and some other marketing expenses, if you will, about $31 million of more expense year-over-year, so we didn’t lever that.  Another area that was a cost pressure for us in the first quarter was higher interchange fees associated with bank cards. We had a really interesting phenomenon happen in the first quarter, where the penetration of our private label card dropped by 400 basis points from 26% to 22% and the penetration of bank cards increased by 300 basis points from 35% to 38%. Bank cards are our highest form of tender, so that cost us about $14 million in the quarter. But generally, if I go back to all of the other expenses, they performed as we expected.
Carol Tomé: And I think that’s what you saw, because we really have stepped it up a lot. And we’re excited about what that online marketing opportunity presents for us.
Carol Tomé: And for this year we built a plan that shows inventory turnover improvement, much along what we experienced in the first quarter which was .2 year-over-year.
Carol Tomé: We sure do. And so the capital allocation is one of the three legs of our strategy stool how we best use this cash. And we’ve got a disciplined approach, investing cash back in the business. This year we’ll spend about $1.250 billion on capital. And then returning it to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. As you will note, in the first quarter, well at the end of last year I should say, we increased our dividend by 5%, the first time since 2006. And Frank said that it is his intent to raise the dividend every year. So dividends are an important part of our capital distribution. Based on the guidance that we gave this morning, our payout is about 50% of our earnings.  We will then use excess cash to return it to the shareholders through share repurchases. We started our share repurchase program in the first quarter, back in the market. There’s just a do-ability factor, so we bought back $500 million. We weren’t signaling anything. That’s how much we got done. We do have a lot of cash and it’s our intent to continue to use that cash appropriately by repurchasing shares. We’ll always measure the return on the share repurchase against any alternate investment of the cash, and right now we see returning it makes a lot of sense.
Carol Tomé: You know, we’re the third largest player. I’ll start and then Craig can jump in. We’re the third largest player in appliances. We’re very happy with where we play. Appliances sales had a negligible impact to our performance in the quarter year on year.
Carol Tomé: You bet. So in the United States we had 41 basis points of margin expansion, of which 29 basis points was the Expo markdowns. So back that out, the U.S. business grew by 12 basis points. It always goes in as it goes out. We didn’t have much impact by mix, interestingly. So the drivers of that 12 basis points were lower markdowns, 7 basis points; and then lower deferred interest, because we had fewer credit promotion days in the first quarter, so we had lower deferred interest and that gave 5 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter.
Carol Tomé: I’m sorry for jumping in, but another way to think about it is just the weighting of sales. You got it right. Lumber’s about 7% of our sales, garden is 20% of our sales and I’m just talking about our garden category, and garden had a double digit positive comp. So it’s really the weighting.
Carol Tomé: May to date are, of course we’re a seasonal business, and we’ve had some good days and some bad days but May to date we’re tracking towards plan so that’s good news. We do think to answer the first part of your question, we think the third quarter comps will be higher than the second quarter comps.
Carol Tomé: Our intent right now is to refinance the August and the March maturities as they come due. And you’re right, we are under our targeted debt ratio but I must say that that is a cap on how much debt we want to maintain. Running under it is fine with us for right now. We will take it one day at a time and if we decide to do something opportunistically, we’ll let you all know.
Carol Tomé: I didn’t, but I’m happy to. Of the 1.5% contribution from international, currency actually was 1.6%, and then we lost .1 because of the weighting of the international businesses versus the U.S. businesses. For the first time since 2005, both U.S. and international were positive, but international wasn’t as positive as the U.S., so it actually hurt the comp slightly, if that makes any sense.
Carol Tomé: Well, we’ve spent a lot of time trying to analyze this. I think it’s important to note that 72% of all new account applications on our private label card are being approved and the line is around $5,000, and for the existing cardholders the line is about $6,000, and it’s only 26% utilized. So there’s credit availability with our private label card. I think that’s important to point out. What we are seeing is that many consumers are consolidating the number of cards that they have in their wallet. I know I have. And moving to cards that offer reward. Now as you may know, with the Card Act that was enacted earlier this year, the guiding proposition associated with our private label card changed. It used to be if you spent $299, it was no interest, no payments for six months every day. With the Card Act, it’s still no interest but it is minimum payments. So the value proposition has changed and for a consumer they may say hmm, this is one value proposition I can use my XYZ card and get mileage or points, etc., so we think there’s just been a change there. Now we like our private label card as you know because it is the lowest cost of tender from a credit card perspective in our stores. So we’ve got a number of ideas underway to create new value propositions to get the consumer to use our card. And we’ll be talking to you about those over the next few quarters.
Carol Tomé: Well as we talked about, Gary, we’re in the rollout phase and so we don’t anticipate any benefit until we complete that rollout phase which will be 2011. The good news is that the distribution centers are running quite well, and so as you might imagine we did have some fuel pressure in the first quarter and we were able to offset that fuel pressure because of how well the DCs are operating. So it’s a good news story.
Frank Blake:: Yes. One way to think about it is, if you just look at the trajectory of if you go through 2009, we went from double digit negative to high single digit negative to where we’re now kind of low, single digit negative so our expectation is yes, that turns positive.
Frank Blake:: I’d say our in stock performance is actually improved, so we’re very pleased with that. And you know look, as I said in opening comments, really pleased. Not only is our supply chain team building out kind of a whole new supply chain mode, but at the same time, just the performance of the existing supply chain facilities, the whole replenishment process is improved.
Frank Blake:: So the first answer to that is it’s certainly longer than I expected, so we’re now into our third year and it’s to be honest, it’s still a work in progress. We think it’s an important opportunity and so worth the time, but it is very distinctly different. And I haven’t put and we don’t have a here’s the deadline. Obviously at some point you might go hey, it’s long enough, if you haven’t figured it out by now move on. But it is obviously a very large potential opportunity. It’s very complicated. It’s very different. We’re making progress, so we’re pleased that the first quarter kind of played out as we expected, but at the same time that we’re making progress or maybe it’s a sign of our making progress, we keep identifying new issues and new opportunities to improve. The one thing I want to make sure that we don’t do and we’re all committed to not doing is rolling out, trying to get to scale on a business model that we’re not really comfortable with for our shareholders.
Frank Blake: Well, Budd, I’d say I mean one of the things definitely you see in the spring is obviously you have part of the trajectory is just weather. So, February we had obviously some tough weather as you had parts of the mid-Atlantic under snow for the first time in ages, that degree of snow. And then in April you saw some very, kind of unseasonably warm weather in parts of the northern parts of the United States. I think that that really is responsible for a lot of the variation kind of month over month.
Frank Blake: Yes. Okay. Thanks Colin. As you said on the PFRI, which we have used in the past, we were concerned that we’d actually dislocate from that metric in the other direction, which is that it would show greater growth as new home sales picked up than might necessarily flow through to us. And in fact the dislocation for the first quarter occurred in the other direction, PFRI going down and we going in the opposite direction. As we look out forward, you know, basically while very strong first quarter, we’re very pleased with the first quarter, but outlook is still pretty much the same as we had back in February. You see this as a transitional year with the caveat that Carol described, you know, kind of sequentially getting better up to the fourth quarter where year-over-year might take us down a little. But it’s kind of slow sequential improvement over the course of the year, and then through into 2011.
Frank Blake: A point to remember, this is the first quarter of positive comps in the U.S., so it’s the first quarter of positive comps.
Frank Blake: To be honest, Alan, we wouldn’t do that. I mean I think PFRI has been a useful benchmark for us and has tracked pretty closely to our performance, but if and I’m just assuming your hypothetical is PFRI, we continue to have more quarters like this, where PFRI declines and we improve, we’re going to follow with that actually happening in our business. You know there’s just a lot of goes ins and goes outs with any kind of analysis like PFRI. It is weighted more to the new home construction, so you’d be able to think through lots of rationales of why as the market recovers you could still see a decline in PFRI and our performance continued to do well.
Frank Blake: You know, Alan, it’s a great question and unfortunately I mean we’ve asked that internally and we don’t have a great answer to it. I mean I think we just need to recognize that as the program ended in April, house closings can go until June, our business will frequently lag another 60 to 90 days, you know, the kind of pick up around home improvement spending is in a newly purchased home, so in truth we’re not going to be able to have a really clear picture of the impact on that for us for quite a while.
Frank Blake: Yes, there are a couple of things on it, Steve. The first is just for the April NAICS data, the government changed the way it does the data set so we’re not fully sure what all the pushes and pulls of that are. The second thing I’d say is that they have the latest two months are two months under revision, and they then go back and true those up. And so we cannot to reference those until after the true up. And if you look historically, there are often some pretty significant swings that happen on those month-to-month true ups.
Frank Blake: Gary, I think our pro is really more the remodel pro. New home build, I mean maybe there’s some activity that we get from that. Again on the smaller pro side or the fill in side, but our core pro customers just as Craig was talking about earlier someone’s doing an addition, it’s the kitchen remodel, it’s really that kind of activity.
Marvin Ellison: You know we talked last year about a couple of service initiatives, and one was power hours where we basically have a period of time of the day where we stop tasking and we spend all the time focused on service. So it was more about visibility, customer engagement and making sure we help customers solve project questions. So that provided visibility. So you don’t necessarily add associates, it’s just associates become more available and more visible. We also talked about an initiative where we’re shifting labor from task to service. Last year we shifted the equivalent of almost four full time associates from jobs that customers didn’t see in the back room to on the sales floor, driving service. So you actually saw a net gain of service associates without a net gain in total associates. We also added in the first quarter approximately one part time associate to the floor with that shift from pass to service. You know Carol talked about how we pulled forward in the season additional staff. Because sales picked up, we had seasonal hiring. So I think you also saw that as an impact as well from the visibility of associates.
Marvin Ellison: Well, you know, Frank talked about the net promoter score. We increased roughly 600 basis points over last year, so we’re real pleased with that. We have our internal voice of customer survey. We get roughly 100,000 customer surveys per week that we look at. That’s an internal measurement that we stay very close to, looking at front end, likelihood to recommend and some key metrics. Other than that, we’re just driving the same service related focus with our customers and trying to make sure that we have incremental improvement week over week, month over month.
Marvin Ellison: We’re also seeing improvements on in stock. We talked earlier about how well we’re performing, even though we’re managing inventory well, we’re seeing out of stock increase. I think we’re estimating roughly 20, 25% at year-over-year. And that is the existing supply chain and the improvements with the RDC working full time. So we expect that to continue as the roll out continues, but even right now we’re seeing those benefits in stores.
