Ted Decker: Thanks, Craig and good morning everyone. We had a great second quarter driven by strength of both our Pro and do-it-yourself customers. In addition, our online business continued its momentum as online sales grew approximately 23% versus last year. We saw broad-based growth across the store as all of our merchandising departments posted positive comps. Lumber, Electrical, Tools and Flooring had double-digit comps in the quarter. Building Materials, Appliances, Indoor Garden and Decor were above the company average. Plumbing Millwork, Kitchen and Bath, Outdoor Garden, Hardware, Paint and Lighting were positive but below the company average. In the second quarter, total comp transactions grew by 2.6% and comp average ticket increased 3.6%. Commodity price inflation in Lumber, Building Materials and Copper positively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 68 basis points. During the quarter, we held a Memorial Day, Father’s Day and Red, White and Blue events. These events drove excitement in our stores for both customers and associates and we were very pleased with the results. Looking at big ticket sales in the second quarter, transactions over $900, which represent approximately 22% of our U.S. sales, were up 12.4%. A few drivers behind the increasing big ticket purchases were appliances, flooring and certain Pro heavy categories. Transactions for tickets under $50 which now make up approximately 16% of our U.S. sales grew by 1.5% in the quarter, reflecting, among other things the return of our Outdoor Garden business in certain parts of the country. In the second quarter Pro sales outpaced the company average driven by both our high spend and low spend pros. We saw strong comps across several lumber and building material categories, as well as categories like pipe and fittings, power tools and wire. Sales to our DIY customers also should strengthen the quarter, with flooring, storage and organization and patio all outperforming the company average comp. We strive to balance the art and science of retail as part of our core merchandising strategy. For example, we are using data to help our merchandising execution team for M.E.T execute more effectively. M.E.T services based in our stores with primary responsibility for planogram integrity and shelf presentation. Currently, each space serve a space on overall store volume. We are initiating unique service for patients based on category specific sales and transactions. M.E.T. associates will receive individualized and optimized work assignments through the first phones. This allows for the most efficient use of passing hours and focuses based service where customers shop most. Looking ahead, we will continue to build capabilities and invest in people, process and technology in order to leverage our data to better serve our customers. Now let me turn our attention to the third quarter. We strive to be the product authority in home-improvement by providing our customers with the best brands at the best value. Our assortments includes many exclusive brands and we are excited to be expanding our launch of PPG branded products, a brand that is being trusted by Pros for over 100 years This quarter we are introducing PPG Timeless Paint. This new product is one coat coverage is available in both interior and exterior paint. PPG’s world class coding technology improves durability saving our customers time and money. Product innovation is also at the forefront of retail strategy. Flooring, both hard and soft has been an excellent growth driver for our business this year and we continue to see great innovation within the category. New to our assortment is an improved vinyl plank flooring from LifeProof. This innovative product features a highly engineered closed cell phone PDC core that delivers rigidity and strength that is lightweight and easy to handle and install. It is also 100% waterproof and scratch resistance and is available in over 40 patterns. This new LifeProof vinyl flooring is exclusive to the Home Depot. We are excited about our upcoming Labor Day, fall cleanup and Halloween harvest events. In the third quarter, as always, we will be offering a variety of special buys and values throughout the store and online to help kick off the fall season. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Carol.
Ted Decker: Yes. Our overall advertising spend is up, lower single digits, but as we’ve essentially made more significant pivot to digital marketing it's over half our marketing right now. That's a medium that you can get good insight on the return on your spend and as Craig said, the team just done a great job continuing to increase the return on that spend, so leveraging that low single digit to a much more productive return on overall ad spend.
Ted Decker: As Craig said, it's a great point we competed over 220 categories. Flooring is a very big category and there are actually lot of competitors have been and will be. We see consumer demand very strong and the consumer is responding to the Home Depot value proposition. So we have innovative product. We have exclusive product. We have new technology and exclusive launches at the Home Depot. And we've worked very hard on her in-store selling model and Ann and her team are just doing a great job communicating that value to the customer in both are hard and soft flooring and they’re both doing extremely well as I called out double-digit comps for the category.
Ted Decker: No. I think some of the uptick we saw in July was that extended season all in, it was a reasonably good season, I wouldn’t say great, certainly colder and wetter early and it was really wet into end of June, so some late garden, but I think we’ve seen that and it just isn’t that big until you get into fall and then hopefully you’ll get a seed season and some planning season.
Ted Decker: Yes. I wouldn’t think so other than a trip for picture hanging or something like that, that would be under $50, but yes, your -- which we like.
Ted Decker: Well, certainly our building material categories did very well. Our electrical did very well, tools, consumers, consumer’s love our power tools, but the Pro’s are really the heavy users of that. Lumber is very strong, our lumber prices are nearer at all-time highs, our unit productivity is you know, the commodity prices we know will go up and down, we watch the units very carefully in lumber and building materials, and those have been very strong as well.
Ted Decker: Yes. The Pro paint initiative that we have with each of their NPPG has been very successful. I'd say overall we’re pleased with our growth in our paint business. I'd say we’re holding shares if not gaining a little bit to share in paint, but our Pro paint initiative in particular is multiples higher growth than our DIY paint business.
Craig Menear: I mean, I’d say Simeon that we’ve had obviously a protracted recovery here, and it has been clearly driven from housing which has been a steady but slow recovery in the market. You know we continually look at months of supply, there is 4.3 months of supply in the market of housing availability against a historical norm of six, that clearly is helping to drive improvement in home value appreciation, but housing starts haven’t returned to their norm yet either. The only thing that’s kind of run on an historical averages is housing turnover. So, we see this housing favorability continuing as we look forward. And I think the watch out for us is, you wouldn’t want to see affordability become an issue, but that at this point doesn't seem to be a concern for us at all.
Craig Menear: Look, what I would say is, we have a lot of categories of goods in our stores, over 200 plus categories of goods. And we compete with lots of folks across all of those categories. And candidly by category the strategy is different because the categories are different. And so, our job is to create the strategies that allow us to be the customers’ advocate for value across the categories and compete accordingly. And it varies by category what our approach is.
Craig Menear: Actually based on the NAICS 441, it actually looks that we gained share in the quarter. We don't believe we lost share in the quarter.
Craig Menear: So, we actually have an interconnected retail approach and our customers are blending the physical and the digital world together. And we look at share in totality as it relates to Home Depot's gain in the market against what the market is growing.
Craig Menear: Dan, look -- if you look at the interconnected experience, candidly for appliances, there are lots of other categories. In many, many categories the shopping experience starts in the digital world even though it might finish in the physical world or in some cases actually finish in the digital world as well. It is truly a blended experience today where the customer, the front door of our store is no longer at the front door of our physical store for many, many product categories. The customer starts digitally looking at product, doing research and then in many cases particularly in large ticket they come in and they actually want to talk to one of our associates before they make a purchase, but we clearly in big-ticket categories we sell both in the physical and the digital world.
Craig Menear: Yes. We've actually rolled out the delivery program at the end of fiscal 2016, Mark Holifield is here. I’ll let Mark…
Craig Menear: Chris, I’d say, one of things, I’m very proud of the team. They have worked really hard over the past several years to drive dramatic improvement in terms of the effectiveness of our marketing dollars to reach a customer in a space where they have a high level of interest. So, we have been on a path to balance our approach in terms of marketing both in traditional media and in digital media, and the team has been able to drive incredibly effective returns on our marketing spend.
Craig Menear: I mean, Brian, we’ve invested obviously in tools and capabilities to inform our merchants in terms of the overall competitive position in the marketplace both in the digital and in the physical world. And this quite candidly has been something that the company has been focused on since its inception in terms of making sure that we’re driving value. Core belief that I have is as merchants, we are the customer’s advocate for value period. And that's the job of the Home Depot and the Home Depot merchandising team every single day. So we must stay focused on a competitive offering and quite candidly value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for it.
Craig Menear: The biggest driver behind that has been the recovery of our Pro customer and the growth that we've had in categories like appliances and flooring. Those are big-ticket purchases in and of themselves, so an appliance is clearly much larger than our average ticket. Our flooring job is significantly larger than our average ticket. And our Pro customer spends dramatically more than the average DIY customer. So those have clearly helped to drive the growth in tickets above $900. And then, we did see the recovery in the smaller ticket, Matt, as a result of the garden business coming back to a more normal state in the second quarter.
Craig Menear: So, I’d say there two things that are up there on the list. And one is we’re investing in the One Home Depot experience, that’s how the customer views us, not exactly how we’re built, so we have to do some things to get there completely. And you worry about the ability to execute on that fast enough and the change management that comes along with that. Second worry, I’d say, is the customer and their associate experience in our high-volume stores. Clearly, with the growth that we've had that puts pressure on in those stores disproportionately. And so, we’re going to have to invest to solve that situation and we’re working to put that in place, but those are certainly two worries that we have in the business.
Craig Menear: I mean, I’ll start and Bill is here who runs our Pro and Services business. But as I call out my comments, we’re actually very pleased with the use case one and use case two response from our customers and with that as well as the operative the team at Interline, Interline actually grew above the company average growth in the quarter or so.
Craig Menear: So Peter we hired seasonally this year over 90,000 people and one of the great things that happened in this season was we enhanced our application process through improved mobile experience, it actually doubled our applicant pool. So we were pleased with that as a better experience for the applicants themselves and was pretty effective on our end as well. We are certainly seeing wage pressure and that varies market by market, but that’s something that we anticipated and planned for and it’s actually built into our guidance for 2017.
Craig Menear: The first part of the question in terms of how many this year or approximately 500 stores will get the updates that Carol referenced earlier as it relates to signage, navigational signage, lighting, Floor, break room, rest rooms and so on. And then in the high volume stores, you know we have to work to continue to prove the experience for the customer on the front end, in particular and get the customer through the registers with greater speed and then likewise those stores feel more pressure from office and bus pick up and we’re working to solve that for them as well. And that will be a different scenario by different type of stores, but those are the areas of focus.
Craig Menear: Yes, I would. I mean, the small ticket is healthy, we talk about the transactions being up 1.5, but that also comes with a strong positive comp associated with those transactions. And you know the mix of the business we used to talk about under 50 being 20 odd percent and over 900 being 20 odd percent. And that dynamic shifted as the customer has responded we think largely to the product and the innovation in the store. And again, we look at this every single week where are the sales coming from in the assortments and we continue to see the customer respond to the innovation and buy up the continuum on the assortment. An example of that would be in soils and mulch this year. So we talked about garden coming later which it did and we had a fine garden business in the second quarter, but we were a little less promotional on commodity mulch, because what we find is the customer is buying heavily into the organics. We have a number of exclusives in organics with Kellogg's and doctor Herbs and some of the Scotts miracle growth product and customers are happily trading up and we are talking you two and sometimes three and four times the cost for a bag of organic mulch over commodity mulch. So we look at it very carefully because it’s a natural and fair question that we continue to be comfortable with what the dynamic is of ticket growth. We look again that it’s exclusively this year product mix and then the effect of commodity prices, lumber and building materials. There has been no price impact on our AUR.
Craig Menear: I mean we feel very comfortable although we competed across all segments of the line structure. Opening price point, mid price point, upper price point across channels.
Carol Tome: Right. As we look at the affordability index, it stands at 153%, so long ways to go before that would be a watch out for us. And recovery is a difficult thing to put your arms around. But if you look at simply PFRI dollars they’ve only recovered 70% of the loss. So, if you put that into baseball terms like [Indiscernible] 6 [Indiscernible]. The other thing that’s really interesting to us is the age of the housing stock. We’ve talked to you a lot about 66% of the housing stock being older than 30 years. Did you know that 51% of the house stock is older than 40 years and as houses age, well, they need more of repair.
Carol Tome: And we’re pleased with the share gains. It’s important to remember that over 43% of our online transactions are picked up inside of a store. This is One Home Depot. Not an online or in-store business, but it’s One Home Depot.
Carol Tome: And Mark, certainly we’ve seen sequential growth in our delivery business every week in the quarter. So our customers are responding very well to this offer.
Carol Tome: Sure. So, yes, our Pro’s grew twice as fast then the DIY, actually expanded that gap a bit in the second quarter. And Chris, I can recall talking to you last August about our sales, our Pro’s going out on vacation. Well, based on what we’re seeing in the stores today our Pros are not on vacation. The stores are busy and our sales are quite good.
Carol Tome: We spend more on digital on the second quarter than we did TV and radio combined. So the team is doing an awesome job at getting more eyeballs, higher return on that spend.
Carol Tome: Well, its really interesting to see what happens with the first-time homebuyers in the second quarter. The highest number of first-time homebuyers since 2005. About 424,000 first-time homebuyers making up 38% of all homebuyers and up 11% year-on-year, so that’s good news. Why? Because first-time homebuyers tend to buy homes that need repair and remodel. So, as we see and we anticipated this happening with millennials coming into an age where they start to form families, children or pets or whatever their family unit might look like they're moving into the home which bodes very well for us and to your point it extends the recovery.
Carol Tome: Some of the softness was – and softness is relative to the category grew, so [Indiscernible] and Ted, I wouldn’t think we get much of that.
Carol Tome: We’re growing inventory to support ourselves. We also want to drive productivity as Craig called out in his remarks. And so we’re always going to look to improve the velocity of our inventory return that might going to press us. As Craig always said, the customer service starts with in-stock, you got to have with the customers want and certainly we will do that working with our supplier partners.
Carol Tome: That is One home depot representation includes inventory in our stores and in our distribution centers.
Carol Tome: Let me give you a little bit more color on our expenses that I put in place. As you know we stepped up our capital spending program this year taking our total spending up to $2 billion including $359 of capital to invest in our stores and certain of our stores are getting new wayfinding package, new flooring and lighting, new restrooms, break room and so and so forth. That capital comes with the next step. Now, we didn’t plan for the activity over every quarter and in fact a lot of that activity took place in the second quarter. And so I look at our expense performance in the second quarter, but it was planned, expenses related to our store investment which would include old write-offs with old fixtures and reset expense and that sort of thing. Year-on-year it was up $19 million. So it was pretty lumpy in the second quarter. That won’t be as lumpy in the back half of the year and that’s really the driver of expense growth factor first half versus second half.
Carol Tome: Happy to talk about it. First, the Compact Power, the revenues for Compact Power are recognized on a net and not a gross basis. So you have gross margin associated with that business, it’s highly margin accretive. And Alan, that’s one reason why our gross margin guidance for the year has change from what had been down 15 basis points to now down 10 basis points. Because the revenues are recognized on a net basis and because there are expenses in Compact Power it put some pressure on our expense growth factor for the year. We had guided that the expenses would grow at 43% of our sales growth. We’re now suggesting 46% of our sales growth, that’s because there are no revenues we will report on net basis, but they are expensive. If you look at EBIT of Compact Power, its very accretive. In the back half of the year this is a small business, strategically very important. But in the back half of the year Compact Power should contribute a penny of EPS accretion.
Carol Tome: Yes. A couple of data points. Homes build before 1980, the average annual home proven spent is $3500 a year. Homes build after 2000 the average annual home improvement spent is $1500 a year. So there’s a pretty nice delta as the homes age. The other interested data points and we haven’t proven this analytically in our own research, but I’ll share with you anyway because I think it gets very interesting. We look at John Burns Real Estate Consulting Group a lot. We’ve got some really interesting data in housing. And they say, that for average every percentage point improvement in real wages and real wages are up this year after inflation 2.2%. They say for every percentage points increase, there’s a 1% increase in the repair and remodel spend. Interesting, we haven’t proven that, but it stands to reason. You got more money in your pocket you’re going to spend some more money on your home.
Carol Tome: I wouldn’t think so. No, because when they’re going into the homes they need to repaint them. And paint is not just a bucket of kind of put it down and paint, but it’s a tape and tarps and all the other stuff that goes with it.
Carol Tome: Yes. Scott, as we mentioned just little bit earlier, we are quite pleased with our sales in August thus far. 
Carol Tome: As you know there are many drivers of shrink including higher staff and changes in operational processes and new systems. We have a cross functional team that is addressing us. We are hearing from other retailers that [Indiscernible] is up across the board. But we really focussed on what have we changed in front of our store that will have to cost some of this. And in fact the cross functional team has identified a few defects that we are correcting. And we will continue to work on this going forward.
Carol Tome: In the back half, it’s actually $250 million. That’s right. So if you were to add that back, you would calculate the comp to be about the same as what we reported in the first half.
Carol Tome: And Peter, you know we’ve got an investor conference in December and so we’ll lay out our plans for 2018 and beyond at that conference.
