Frank Blake: Thank you, Diane, and good morning everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $23.8 billion, up 5.7% from last year. Comp sales were positive 5.8% and our diluted earnings per share were $1.52. Our U.S. stores had a positive comp of 6.4%. We saw broad-based growth in the quarter across all of our geographies. All three of our U.S. divisions posted mid-single digit comps with the variance of performance within 100 basis points of each other. We’re pleased with these results since we were anniversarying double-digit comps in the second quarter of last year. Every region positively comped, as did 38 of our top 40 markets. Our Mexican business positively comped for the quarter, making it 43 quarters in a row of positive comps, and our Canadian business continues to perform well with positive comps for the 11th consecutive quarter. Our dot-com business had sales growth of over 38%. This was a slight deceleration from the first quarter but it was well ahead of our plan. This quarter, our sales comparison included the full roll-out of buy-online, ship to store which we launched last year. While our year got off to a slow start because of the late spring, we ended the first half with sales in line with our original expectations. We believe the housing market remains a modest tailwind for our business. We had growth in transactions and ticket for both the quarter and the half. Both our consumer and pro businesses grew. Our installation services business, which is high ticket and tends to be on the discretionary end of spending, had a strong quarter, and as Craig will detail, we saw an acceleration of big ticket transactions. These results support the view of a continuing recovery in the U.S. home improvement market. Consensus GDP forecasts call for modest growth for the year, and though the housing data is mixed, we believe home price appreciation is an important positive for our business. Price appreciation isn’t setting the pace of last year, but it’s still going in a positive direction consistent with our expectations at the start of the year. As Carol will detail, we are reaffirming our sales guidance and increasing our earnings per share guidance for the year to reflect our outperformance this quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Let me close by thanking our associates for their hard work and dedication. A successful spring season for us requires flexibility in a difficult environment, and our associates met the challenge. This half, over 97% of our stores qualified for success sharing, our profit sharing program for our hourly associates. We’re proud of this result and hope to do even better in the second half. With that, let me turn the call over to Craig.
Frank Blake: It’s hard, to be honest, to tease that out in the numbers. I mean, what you saw was a very strong recovery of our outdoor garden business, but we’re not able to pinpoint what percent of that came from storm damage.
Frank Blake: Well, our area, Brian, is really hard. I mean, we look at third party reports on market share, government reports on market share, what our vendors say about market share, and they would say it’s going in the right direction.
Frank Blake: And Jaime, on your question on Canada and Mexico, as I indicated, we’re very pleased with the results in both countries. Canada benefited from the same weather and seasonal rebounding that the U.S. business did and had very strong comps. Mexico is doing very well and has been doing very well for many, many years. The only interesting curiosity on the results in the quarter is that they were impacted by the World Cup. We could actually see the divot in sales when Mexico was playing in World Cup matches, but they still performed very well.
Craig Menear: So Chris, from a space allocation standpoint, we obviously use both our financial systems as well as our plan-o-gram software systems to be able to make decisions on the productivity of space. The investments we’ve made in our merchandising tools are there to allow for our merchants to make assortment decisions that improve the productivity of obviously the space that we dedicate to our assortments. You have seen us make trade-offs, as you pointed out, in terms of allocation shifts within patio in this case as we’ve seen customers gravitate to the online space and the ability to customize their own product through the offerings that we have digitally that would be much more difficult to execute in a store environment, or in spaces like kitchens where the customer’s shopping pattern has changed in terms of how they begin to shop for kitchens, and we could take some space out of kitchens, for example, and either apply that to an expansion of our assortment in appliances, or for that matter our hard surface flooring. So those are the type of trade-offs that we’ll make on a consistent basis and look for opportunities to continue to drive productivity overall in our store, but for our sales in total.
Craig Menear: So when we look at the quarter and through the months, very, very pleased, Dan, with the breadth of growth, if you will, across the store. Probably one of the tightest quarters in terms of when we look at all of our departments, the lowest comping department was north of 4% and the spread was pretty narrow, so we’re very, very pleased with the productivity across all of our merchandising departments and also across all of our geographies.
Craig Menear: Roughly about a third of our online transactions culminate in a store, and that is split across both consumer and pro.
Craig Menear: The overall storm comp from a year ago as you’re moving into Q3 is very, very small. We’ve pretty much cycled through it as we’ve come off of Q2.
Craig Menear: We were very pleased, Brian, with our performance in appliances, double-digit comp growth, as Carol mentioned, 50 basis points of overall comp contribution. That’s a result of obviously the expanded assortments and the expanded showroom. We also believe we’re delivering great value in our events that we put into play there, but also in big ticket we’ve seen a nice recovery in the millwork business as customers clearly feel better about investing in their homes. We’ve had an outstanding product in terms of our expansion and use of tools to put our new water heater program in place, as well as growth within our flooring business led by wood and laminate with the investments that we’ve made into our hard set program there. Roughly, we began the year with about 225 stores with an expanded assortment; by the end of this year, we’ll have about 600 with an expanded presence there. So it’s more than just appliances that we’re seeing, and as our large pro continues to recover, our pro is driving a larger ticket than the consumer basket on a consistent basis.
Craig Menear: We’re very early on in the rollout of the program, but it is going well. We’re excited about this technology enhancement bringing enhanced visibility for our customers and our associates to special order programs, consumers being able to get that update in terms of the status of their order based on how they want to receive it, whether that be text or email. So it will drive an efficiency in communication and it will drive greater visibility also for our merchants in terms of overall performance on special orders, so very pleased with the current status of how that’s rolling out. Early days, still.
Craig Menear: I’ll take the digital marketing and then ask Marvin to talk about the pro. On the digital marketing, this has been something that we have been transitioning for a number of years now and trying to drive to greater efficiency. I think specifically, you have to look at the overall results of the business, and we believe that this shift in how we’ve approached communicating with the customer is a piece of what’s been driving our results over the past couple years. So I don’t think—we don’t focus on it necessarily category specific. We have programs across the store that we utilize the digital approach with to really communicate with our customers virtually in every category.
Craig Menear: We really don’t see it that way, Michael. If you think about kind of typical projects that customers do spring and then in the fall, they’re very different. In the spring, you’re actually getting your beds and stuff ready to plant for the spring season. That then transitions to a whole new planting cycle in the fall, and the absolute best time to plant any kind of shrubs and trees and so on is in the fall time frame so that you’re moving away from the heat. I don’t think that changes. Fall clean-up is a big element that drives in the fall time frame as well. That’s obviously going to happen. I do think we benefited from the fact that it did not move from winter to 95 degree heat straight out of the block. That helped us in terms of people maintaining their yards through the summertime, but don’t see that as a drag in what customers typically do in the fall.
Craig Menear: We’re very early on. We’ve just begun on the new tool enhancements to begin to review categories in this process. We typically review roughly a third of our categories per year, so you’re here in the early innings of a three-year cycle first go round, and then we’ll learn from that process as well.
Craig Menear: Definitely. We definitely did a much better job of utilizing our clustering capability and identifying the opportunities where we could put a more productive assortment into specific stores.
Craig Menear: Yeah, it’s pretty consistent.Dennis McGill – Zelman & Associates: Okay. And then Carol, with respect to appliances, the strong growth this quarter, if I’m not mistaken the year-ago appliance growth was maybe the best of the year, very robust. Just curious what you’re looking for in the back half of the year as far as benefits from comp or the ability for comps to maintain this double-digit pace.
Craig Menear: So roughly about 4% of our total sales comes from our services businesses today, and we saw real strength across HVAC, windows, water heaters, so a lot around both maintenance and repair as well as the millwork space.
Craig Menear: Eric, it’s really strength across the store. As I mentioned, we have seen pretty tight performance with the lowest department being north of a 4 comp. We’ve seen strength across maintenance and repair, we’ve seen strength across décor businesses, and clearly we had the rebound in our seasonal businesses as well. When you’ve got pro reengaged, they shop across our store, and it’s great to see customers investing in their homes and it’s great to see them doing projects, as Carol mentioned, in our services business. That’s a big ticket spend – it’s $1,500 plus on average. So we’re very, very pleased with kind of the breadth, if you will, of the performance both from a category standpoint as well as a geographic standpoint.
Craig Menear: Honestly, the plans for the back half of the year have been put in place months ago. We always would tweak and make adjustments, but the heart of what we’ve got planned was committed many moons ago.
Carol Tomé: And to your question as to how high is up, well, that’s for us to figure out; but if we just look at appliances, for example, we have our expanded assortment in over 800 of our stores. We’re rolling to another 183 stores, and appliances contributed 50 basis points of our comp growth in the second quarter.
Carol Tomé: And as we look into our performance for August, you may recall that last year our comp in August was 8.7%, so we’re up against our hardest comparison, and we are very pleased with our sales performance.
Carol Tomé: Sure, I’d be happy to. We’ve really worked - Marvin and team has done a marvelous job of working on really making our stores a place where we have fewer injuries, et cetera, so our workers’ compensation expense was $42 million, down year-on-year.
Carol Tomé: There were a few other items I would call out – a legal settlement that we had last year of $23 million that didn’t repeat this year. But broadly speaking, we have a productivity cycle that drives our economic engine, and we have a laser focus on just making sure that we’ve got outstanding expense control. You can see that in the results.
Carol Tomé: And to Craig’s comment about the storms that we’re anniversarying from Superstorm Sandy, this might be helpful to you. If you look at our six-month comp in the United States, it’s a 5% comp. We had about 50 basis points of pressure in that comp coming from the Superstorm Sandy overlap, and to Craig’s point, we will be through that beginning in Q3.
Carol Tomé: We might also just call out services because they had such a terrific quarter. They comped twice the company average, and the average ticket within our services business is $1,500.
Carol Tomé: Sure. This is imperfect, but directionally correct – so in the United States, we reported a comp of 6.4% in the second quarter. We know we had 20 basis points of pressure anniversarying Superstorm Sandy, and then we think we got about a 150 basis points of benefit from the seasonal business, so that would suggest then the run rate for the business is about 5%.
Carol Tomé: Sure. The range will still be very narrow between Q3 and Q4. Q4 should be a higher comp quarter than Q3 but slightly under what we reported for Q2.
Carol Tomé: Well Scot, as you’ve seen, we continue to outperform our expectations on expense productivity. At the beginning of the year, we said our expenses would grow at 33% of our sales growth rate. We’re now updating the guidance to 23% of our sales growth rate, and that’s really because of what we have seen in terms of lower casualty reserves coming off of these great programs in workers’ comp. As we would look to 2015 and beyond, it’s our point of view today that expenses would grow more in that 33% of sales growth rate. It doesn’t mean that we won’t continue to focus on productivity because we will; but I would think for modeling purposes, that’s the number that I would use.Scot Cicarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got you. Then Carol, you talked about some mixed signals in the housing market, and I know we’ve seen existing home sales a little bit softer than, I guess, what a lot of us would have expected. I guess maybe the question is what parts of the market are you kind of most bullish about, and then what parts are you maybe most concerned about this at this stage? Thanks.
Carol Tomé: Well, as we look at the housing indicators, there are three that we pay attention to most closely. That would be turnover, home price appreciation, and household formation. Turnover is slower than what some people had hoped for but in line with our expectations, which is about 4% of units. Home price appreciation is slower than some people had hoped but in line with our expectations. For the year, we project home prices to be up around 5 or 6%, and that’s how they are trending. Household formation at 500,000 households, it’s certainly below what all of us would like to see. We used that number when we built our plan, but clearly we’d like to see that improve because there’s something like a third of the people who are aged 18 to 36 living at home with their parents. Something’s got to move, so to your question, what are you most concerned about, well, it’s mortgage financing availability. There has been some modest movement – there was a survey of senior loan officers, 70% of them said that underwriting standards haven’t changed. Well, that’s better than last quarter were it was about 74% of them said that underwriting standards hadn’t changed, but something’s got to move on mortgage financing reform, so for us, we continue to pay real close attention to that.Scot Cicarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got you. Thanks a lot, guys.
Carol Tomé: This is an interesting data point – print will be less than 10% of our total advertising spend this year while digital is 36% and trending higher. We like the return on investment that we see.
Carol Tomé: Yeah, we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing within our private label portfolio. The penetration increased by 57 basis points to 23.2% of total sales on our private label card, and as you would imagine, Matt, because we use our card as a financing tool and not a discounting tool, we see sales on that card for the larger ticket purchases. The portfolio itself is very healthy, and that’s good news too, so on the approval rates, we’ve seen our consumer approval rates up 182 basis points year-on-year with an average line of about $5,800, and on the pro side the approval rates are up about 140 basis points. Now almost 72% of all pros who are applying for credit are getting approved with an average line of around $6,900.
Carol Tomé: Yes, dot-com sales made up 4.2% of our total sales at the end of the second quarter – that’s up 100 basis points from a penetration perspective year-on-year. Hard to actually measure incrementality, but I would say buy online, ship to store is 100% incremental, and that in the second quarter was $144 million.
Carol Tomé: Sure. So to the impact of higher co-op and rebate in the second quarter, that was really a timing matter. If we look at where our purchases were in the first quarter versus the second quarter, it’s just a timing matter. Let me give you a better data point – if you look at the impact of co-op and rebate for the first half, it was a 3 basis point benefit. Now in terms of shrink, you may recall last year we had 10 basis points of benefit from shrink in the second quarter, and that reversed itself this quarter. There are three drivers of shrink – theft, operational processes, and system inaccuracies. As you know, we’ve put a lot of change into our stores, a lot of new processes and systems – buy online, ship to shore, buy online, pick-up in store, buy online, return to store, and the list goes on. It’s not uncommon when you have change inside of the stores to see both shrink and swell, and that’s what we are experiencing. We’ve got a team that’s working on this and this will be an issue that goes away over time; we’ve just got to work through it.
Carol Tomé: Yes. From a capital allocation philosophical perspective, the first use of cash is to invest it back in the business, and this year we have a capital plan, that $1.5 billion, and we’re committed to that plan. Interestingly, we are tilting our investments more toward interconnected retail and technology as we continue to try to meet the needs of a changing customer. The next use of capital is for our dividend. We have a 50% payout target, which means at the end of every year we will look back to see what we earned, we will cut it in half, and that will be the new dividend. If we were ever to have an earnings disruption, it wouldn’t be our plan to cut the dividend, we would just earn back into that 50%. Longer term, is 50% the right target? Perhaps it should be higher, but right now we’re at a 50% target, and then we use excess cash to buy back our shares. We’ll use debt capital to buy back our shares if we think it’s value-creating. As you saw, we raised $2 billion in June of this year. The after-tax cost of that debt was 2%. The yield on our stock was 2.3%, so we thought that was a great trade and we will continue to look for opportunities like that.
Carol Tomé: Well Michael, first when I said the expanded assortment of appliances, we have jumbo, we have jumbo-lites, we have bigfoots. We have various themes of the merchandising display within our stores, so I just wanted to make that clarification. A year ago, we were probably 250 stores less than where we are today.
Carol Tomé: About 250 stores. We can get back to you with the exact store count – sorry, we don’t have it with us.
Carol Tomé: No, I think what I said in my prepared remarks is that our total expenses we now forecast will be under our plan year-on-year, and that’s because of really, for the most part, lower casualty reserves.
Marvin Ellison: David, regarding the pro, we’ve been on this journey for quite a while, and when we look at the larger pro, Craig mentioned that their performance outpaced the total company, and we think it’s a couple of things. Number one, as Carol mentioned, just access to capital, and we think that these individuals, because they have larger businesses, just have a greater means to borrow and to grow their business. We also believe that the emphasis we’ve placed on an outside selling force the last couple of years, and we have approximately 200-plus individuals that work outside of the store and their primary responsibility is to go out and make sales calls on job sites, business locations, and really sell the Home Depot as a value proposition to these larger customers, we think that that’s gaining traction. Also, we think a lot of these smaller pros in the depths of the housing recession really exited the business and started to work for some of the larger pros, so we see some of our smaller pros as subcontractors, so to speak, that’s supporting the larger pro business. So we think it’s a combination of just a broader economy, but also some of the efforts we’ve placed on attracting these customers and kind of providing them with a better understanding of the value proposition of the Home Depot.
Marvin Ellison: Peter, this is Marvin. On the percent of wallet, that’s a tough one. That’s a tough data point to kind of vet out, but what we can tell you is that we’re excited about Pro Extra. We have approximately 1.7 million members signed up. We increased that by over 200,000 this quarter, and that’s been two consecutive quarters we’ve signed up in excess of 200,000 new members. As a reminder, this is just a unique play for us to create a program where customers can sign up and leverage the buying scale of the Home Depot to take on some opportunities in their business that they can’t afford, things like satellite roofing for a small roofer. If you’re small and independent, that’s a real expense that you can’t take on. We can allow them to kind of piggyback us. We’ve also rolled out recently things like credit protection against any type of fraud. We get a discounted background check, so you name it, we have quite a few things. Even this week, if you want to sign up, we have a great offer – 25% off special order inside cabinets and countertops for pros in this program that’s going on this week. So we have unique offers exclusively for these pros so that they can take advantage of some of the great benefits of shopping at the Home Depot. Very, very early days in this program. We’re working with Matt Carey’s IT team to make this a more robust program, and we’re excited about the possibilities.
Marvin Ellison: Greg, this is Marvin. We’re very confident in the processes and programs we have in place. We have one of the best analytical focuses on shrink reduction that I’ve seen of any retailer, and it’s a cross-functional effort with the merchants, with the internal audit group, with IT and operations. So to Carol’s point, there’s a lot of ins and outs. We’ve had unprecedented process changes and systems changes the last three years, but we’ve very confident and comfortable with our focus and we believe that we’ll continue to get that number down.
