Carol B. Tomé: Thank you, Craig, and hello, everyone. In the second quarter, sales were $20.6 billion, a 1.7% increase from last year. Comps or same-store sales were positive 2.1% for the quarter with positive comps of 3.4% in May, negative 0.4% in June and positive 3.1% in July. Comps for U.S. stores were positive 2.6% for the quarter with positive comps of 3.6% in May, positive 0.2% in June and positive 3.8% in July. The variability in our monthly comps was due, in part, to year-over-year comparisons and the impact that weather and storms had on our sales. Our total company gross margin was 34.2% for the quarter, an increase of 17 basis points from last year, of which 15 basis points came from our U.S. business. In the U.S., we experienced 4 basis points of gross margin expansion arising from lower costs within our supply chain, and the remaining 11 basis points of gross margin expansion was due primarily to a change in mix of products sold, most notably a lower penetration of roofing sales this year versus last year. For the year, we continue to expect moderate gross margin expansion. In the second quarter, operating expense, as a percent of sales, decreased by 98 basis points to 21.7%. Our operating expenses declined $125 million from last year due primarily to the following factors: first, in the second quarter of 2011, we had $42 million of expense related to the impairment of Chem-Dry and natural disasters that did not repeat; second, this year, we experienced $42 million of favorability in our workers' comp reserves; and third, our credit card expense was $40 million lower than last year, reflecting lower debit card fees and a higher penetration of private label credit sales, coupled with the lower cost of private label credit. For the year, we expect expenses to grow at approximately 10% of our sales growth rate on a 52-week basis. Interest and other expense for the second quarter was $151 million, a slight increase from last year. Our income tax provision rate was 36.6% in the second quarter. And for the year, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 36.5%. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter were $1.01, an increase of 17% from last year. Moving to our operational metrics. During the second quarter, we opened one new store in Mexico for an ending store count of 2,255. At the end of the second quarter, selling square footage was 236 million and total sales per square foot were $350, up 2.2% from last year. And now turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, inventory was $10.9 billion, up $150 million from a year ago, reflecting purchases made for our upcoming holiday season. Inventory turns were 4.7x, up from 4.4x last year. We ended the quarter with $42 billion in assets including $2.8 billion in cash. Moving to our share repurchase program. In the second quarter, we received 2.8 million shares related to the true up of an accelerated share repurchase, or ASR program, we initiated in the first quarter. Additionally, in the second quarter, we repurchased $1.5 billion or 23.6 million of our outstanding shares. This included 2.1 million shares repurchased in the open market and 21.5 million shares repurchased through an ASR program. For the shares repurchased under the ASR program, this is an initial calculation. The final number of shares repurchased will be determined upon the completion of the ASR program in the third quarter. Computed on the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the trailing 4 quarters, return on invested capital was 16%, 250 basis points higher than the second quarter of fiscal 2011. As we look ahead, we see signs of slowing U.S. economic growth, but housing appears to be a bit of a bright spot. August has started off in line with our expectations. Based on our year-to-date results and our outlook for the balance of the year, we continue to project fiscal 2012 sales will increase by approximately 4.6% on a 53-week basis. From an earnings per share perspective, remember that we guide off of GAAP. We exceeded our earnings per share plan in the second quarter, and with that out performance, we are lifting our earnings per share guidance for the year. We now project fiscal 2012 diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 19% to $2.95 on a 53-week basis. This earnings per share guidance includes $2.6 billion of share repurchases completed in the first half and our intent to repurchase an additional $1.4 billion of outstanding shares in the back half of the year. So we thank you for your participation in today's call, and Alicia, we are now ready for questions.
Carol B. Tomé: I'm happy to do so, Budd. We were pleased with our expense performance in the second quarter for sure. And as we look out for the back half of the year, we do expect expenses to be higher in the back half of the year versus last year relative to expenses being under the first half of the year for a couple of reasons. We talked to you about the fact that we are investing in interconnected retail. And that includes the new call centers that Frank mentioned, broadband expansion inside of our stores, delivery for dot-com. So we're making some investments in the back of the year, which will cause our expenses to be higher than they were last year. But we should see continuing benefit coming off of our credit card. And as it relates to workers' compensation expense, you'll recall that during our Investor Day, we called out an expense opportunity with regard to our casualty reserves. And in fact, we've called out that we thought we could get about $100 million between now and 2015. So we were pleased with the benefit that we saw in the second quarter. I wouldn't expect that to repeat in the back half of the year, but I would certainly expect to see continuing benefit between now and 2015.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. Well, as Frank pointed out, we are so thrilled that 100% of our U.S. stores are in Success Sharing. And so if you think about what that means for bonus payments, bonuses are up year-on-year and we're thrilled with that. But we are able to offset that cost through cost-out in other areas. And I – we didn't spend a lot of time going through it, but we continue, Marvin and his team are doing a masterful job of leveraging payroll by moving ours away from selling -- non-selling tasks to selling and it's working very beautifully for us.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, we were very pleased with our inventory performance. Turns were up year-on-year, that's how we look at it. And as we mentioned in the call, we have made purchases for our holiday season, many of those purchases coming from outside of the United States. We have paid for those. But the inventory's on the water making its way to the stores.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes, we leveraged hourly payroll by 21 basis points in the quarter, of which 18 basis points came from non-selling. So that's really what Marvin is doing in terms of driving tasks out of the store. Terrific performance. And Colin, as you know, we've got a laser-like focus on cost out, so I can go line-by-line to tell you we were down in common area maintenance. We were down in advertising. We were down in a number of other expense areas as we're just getting much better -- we're running a better business. And Marvin, maybe you want to talk about some of the activities that are going on inside the store.
Carol B. Tomé: Be happy to. Our adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio stands at 1.7x today against a cap of 2x. So we have a little over $2 billion of borrowing capability pursuant to our guidelines, if you will. As we think about when and -- we'll access the debt capital markets, we look at it really from an environmental perspective. And by that, I mean the economic environment, which we would define as pretty volatile. While housing is a bit of a bright spot and that's good news, we wouldn't the call recovery today. We still I think we're in workout phase, working towards recovery. GDP forecasts have come down. We've got an election ahead of us. We have uncertain tax policy. We don't know what's happening in Europe. Chairman Bernanke has said he stands ready to take action, if necessary. So we think there's a kind of beta in the environment and when there's a ton of beta in the environment, not the best time to add debt leverage. So our point of view, Chris, that interest rates aren't moving anywhere. If we thought that there was an opportunity to be lost, we would have a different point of view. But we don't think there is an opportunity to be lost. So for now, we're sticking where we are and we'll tell you what we plan to do when we plan to do it.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, as we look at our cash balance, and we are very pleased with that cash balance of $2.8 billion, a couple things to remember: first, we've only spent about $550 million of capital this year against our plan of $1.325 billion, so we've got a lot more capital spend in the back half of the year; second, we need about $1 billion to operate just given the size of our business, the seasonality of our sales, et cetera; and the third, not all of our cash is available. We do hold cash outside the United States, in Mexico, Canada and China. So we'll always have some cash on the balance sheet.
Carol B. Tomé: And from a profitability perspective, as you know, we're on a path to reach a 12% operating margin by 2015 and that path includes the impact of dot-com.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, first, let me tell you why we do ASRs. They are a pretty efficient way to buy in big blocks of stocks and they're derivatives, as you can appreciate. And we can set the strike price wherever we want to set it. But the higher we set the strike price, the larger the discount to BWAP. So when we did the ASR for $1.4 billion in the second quarter, we set the strike at $65, which meant we immediately brought in 21.5 million shares. Now obviously, our stock's nowhere near $65. So as the ASR is completed, they're buying the shares in at the price every day. So it'll leverage down considerably. The economic benefit in doing this is almost $0.80 off the BWAP every day. So there's real value to be created by doing it this way. So you pick what the average stock price might be. The ASR expires on August 24. It could close out any time between now and August 24. But I'm thinking we'll get another 7 million shares in or something like that. So hopefully, that will be helpful.
Carol B. Tomé: And Craig, if I can just jump in for a second. There's a currency impact in the ticket in the second quarter. If you look at the ticket growth in the U.S. in Q2, it was up 2.5%.
Craig A. Menear: So Dan, this is Craig. We're very pleased with the direction of our business online. We do view this as total commerce because there's many projects that actually start online and actually complete in-store. When we look at -- we've made some significant investments in our online business. We upgraded to WebSphere 7. Big effort behind that, improved speed dramatically for our customers as well as features that allow the customer a better shopping experience online overall. And so we're very pleased with the performance where approximately 2% of our sales roughly come through our online business directly.
Craig A. Menear: Aram, I would say that we, candidly, we look at the comps across each of the businesses. I haven't exactly totaled them by those 4 categories. But inside of those, we certainly look at it. So if you remember, the categories in the red at highest risk. Actually, right now, we're performing very well in those categories. We like that. The areas in the yellow were growth opportunities, both in-store and online. And some of those are some of our stronger growth areas that we're seeing, particularly in our online expansion as we broaden the assortments in a lot of the simple decor categories. And then, if you recall the lower left-hand side, which was kind of more maintenance and repair and things that we felt would have less pressure, we experienced some pressure in that business as it relates to garden with the pull-forward from first quarter and the drought conditions that impacted things like live goods and so on.
Craig A. Menear: On the weather side of it, July's acceleration wasn't really driven by whether, itself. We had strength across the store in the month of July.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, Alan, I think we're very pleased with things like kitchens, which is clearly a discretionary spend and also a very large spend. The team has worked incredibly hard to build a better experience for the customer, whether that be through the product offerings that we have or Marvin's team and the service group on the install side of that experience and we saw strong growth there and we've grown that business now for almost 2 years. So we believe that we're taking share in those type of businesses. And it's an effort of continuing to remain focused on the value proposition that we're providing the customer in those bigger ticket categories. So whether it's kitchens, flooring, all of those businesses have performed and our sales and tickets over $900 have actually been solid performance, and we believe it's because of the value proposition that we're bringing to the market in those categories and taking share.
Craig A. Menear: So as it relates to sales, I mean, I think we're taking sales from the marketplace. We do monitor our in-store business in conjunction with our online business. And I would say at this point in time, don't see a lot of cannibalization in the business in total. And so we, again, are focused on the experience that we're delivering to the customer and want to make sure that we're providing an experience that allows us to grow that business by taking share from the market.
Craig A. Menear: So the ticket improvement really was driven through a number of categories around bigger ticket spends, the HVAC, the appliances, the kitchen, the flooring. A little bit of drag on the bigger ticket was things like tractors, which were impacted both from a pull forward where if you were going to buy a tractor, you bought it in the first quarter, you're done. And as we called out, we estimated that the pull forward in the first quarter from the second would be roughly $125 million to $150 million; that's about what the number was and it impacted categories like tractors.
Craig A. Menear: And as it relates to private label sales online where we have categories in-store online with same kind of makeup of private label versus national brand, product and sales are roughly in the same penetration ranges as they are in-store.
Craig A. Menear: So the categories that are kind of past peak that would be those seasonal businesses that we're coming out of Q2. And candidly, the pull forward in Q1 had an impact on them, so businesses -- and as well as frankly some of the areas in the north had an impact from drought. So things like live goods and fertilizer had some weather impacts from the drought in the north. Things like patio and grills and riding mowers that are past their peak, we saw some pull forward from Q1 in those businesses.
Francis S. Blake: So Dan, this quarter, the Pro customer sales growth was lower than the consumer. But as I noted, if you take out -- we did have, and you heard it both in Craig and Carol's comments, we did have some tough comparisons on roofing. When you take out roofing, they were pretty much the same; same level of growth between the Pro and consumer. So we're very pleased with that because, as you know, this is one of the indicators for us of our business recovery.
Francis S. Blake: So Kate, it's still a very, very small -- I mean it's a fraction, a fraction of a small part. But it's important directionally for us because we really do believe if you look out over the next 5 to 10 years that interconnecting the virtual physical presence is going to be a key differentiator. So right now -- and then also by the same token, if you looked at comp performance on Buy Online Pick Up In-Store sales, very high growth but it's small base.
Francis S. Blake: So on the first, on USHS, as you know, really, they were 100% dedicated to The Home Depot or effectively 100% dedicated to The Home Depot. And much like the acquisition we did earlier in MeasureComp, which was also a company that was 100% dedicated to The Home Depot, there are benefits to us to just making it part of the company. There are efficiencies we're going to gain. We think there's a tremendous improvement in customer experience that we can drive as we connect our store experience with that in-home selling on USHS. And I'd also say, on USHS, as you might remember, Colin, many years ago, we bought another company that was exclusively dedicated to Home Depot on in-home selling that did roofing, siding and windows. Marvin and his team have been driving that business. We like the experience that we can provide to customers on that and we want to be able to do the same thing on USHS. And on the second comment, our strategy will remain the same in Canada, and we're very pleased with how we're doing in Canada.
Francis S. Blake: So I'd say, Matt, that the cautious comments are a little bit what the forecasters are saying. If you just look at our business and you look at the core of the store and you adjust for the pull forward, you'd actually say the core of the strong was strong in the second quarter.
Francis S. Blake: So Greg, we're obviously spending a lot of time thinking through the implications of the Affordable Care Act and how we'll respond. But I would tell you we run our business the right way to run our business. We're not going to change full-timers to part-timers because of the health care legislation nor would we outsource work for that reason. The overriding -- the customer experience and what our associates provide to the customer experience in the -- I mean, that's our business.
Francis S. Blake: So I'll start on the second one, which is the kitchen sales and in particular just going back to a comment I made on the improvement on our kitchen install side, and Marvin may want to add a comment here. I'd say that one of the important things is the confidence of our associates in selling a kitchen install. And so you really have to look at it as a multi-year effort for Marvin and his team of building up our associates' confidence that when we sell a kitchen installation, it's going to go well. And we do very extensive voice of the customer surveys on this. And Marvin, you might want to add a comment.
Francis S. Blake: You got it exactly right. So if you look over time, the categories that have been hit the hardest are kitchen remodels and you've heard we're improving there. Jobsite tools is always an interesting category because they kind of correlate to job sites and I'd say stabilizing. It's stabilizing.
Francis S. Blake: What I would say, Michael, is that what those categories that were hardest hit would say would be the market is stabilizing. As Carol said, we're kind of in a workout mode. But it's not like this has taken off. It's stable, it's improving and that's a positive in a workout sense, but they're not -- I mean, it's modest.
Marvin R. Ellison: Yes, Colin, if I can take you back to 2011, we rolled out centralized Return to Vendor. A big, big process change for us, but if you think about it, every store in the chain had a minimum of 40 full-time hours in the backroom processing vendor returns. We stood up [indiscernible] central reverse logistic centers, a big deal, great productivity for us. In addition to that, we worked hand in hand with Matt Carey's team on labor productivity and scheduling. Rolled out a enterprise-wide in the U.S. scheduling system and payroll system for all stores, enabled us to take the schedule-writing process, in some cases, to 3 to 5 days to a matter of hours. So I can go through a list of projects that we put in place to drive productivity in the stores. We're excited about what we've done. We have the 60-40 target that we hope to complete in 2013. And as Carol mentioned, I mean, our goal is simply to figure out ways to take nonproductive, non-service-related payroll and shift it to the sales floor and also to continue to drive profitability.
Marvin R. Ellison: Oh my gosh, there are so many -- there are a lot of -- there's a lot of regulatory uncertainty still. There are many -- when you get into -- this is obviously a very complex area and we spend a lot of time internally going through the -- here are the different variables that we've got to take into account. And there's a lot that still has to be determined.
Marvin R. Ellison: Yes. Look, the key is the confidence of the associate. I mean, I can take you back to the days when I was a Division President and you could directly correlate poor-performing stores and markets and kitchen sales to their perception of the quality of the service providers. So to Frank's point, over the last couple years, we've taken some very specific steps in putting all of our service providers through our version of Customer First training. We rolled it out to the store, we rolled it out to the executive team, we figured, you know what, let's roll it out to the service providers because when you step foot in the home, you represent The Home Depot and you should have the same brand standard for customer service. That was a big deal because we'd never really done that before. In addition to that, we put some very rigorous standards in place on the voice-of-customer surveys. We changed the way the surveys are conducted. Now we have a third party that will physically contact the customer after an install and will go through a very brief survey, and we hold our providers accountable for the results. If they perform well, we give them positive incentives. If they don't, they can lose business, and in some cases, suffer exiting their relationship. All that being said, we're very pleased. Frank mentioned early on that our service scores are north of a 9 on a scale of 1 to 10. We've never had that before and we've sustained that. Our goal is to improve it. We still have concerns about getting better because we have high standards. But the service quality, the training has really played a big role and to help Craig's team take great value, create confidence and to install it in a way that we think is very consistent with the brand standard of our service proposition to the customers.
