CraigMenear: So let me start with the initiatives. First of all, we're seeing benefits from the initiatives. It's just not at the rate of our original plan. And when we look at the investments that we're making in this business, as we shared with you back in December of 2017, we're doing this for the long-term health of the business and to position ourselves to win competitively in the long term. This is such a big opportunity that we're going to do this right and continue to make sure that we are delivering an experience that our customers are accustomed to getting from the Home Depot. And so we think we're getting about half of the investment benefit in 2019. And as we continue to add additional features and benefits as we unwind some of the complexities of our legacy systems, we'll see that continue to grow. And as it relates to how do we know it's not something else? We continue to see broad-based growth in our business. As Ted called out, we had great strength in ticket transactions. We had strength in big ticket. We saw our pro business accelerate during the quarter. And when we look at what happens in discretionary spend categories particularly that are high ticket discretionary spend we don't see anything there that concerns us at this point. 
CraigMenear: Michael, I think as we look at the investments that we're making, we expect that through the balance of 2019 as we move into 2020, we will continue to see the momentum build off the investments that we're making. I don't know that we see it as a straight line, but it certainly will continue to ramp. As we shared in my opening comments, for example on the B2B website experience, the first 135,000 customers that we put on early in the year, we're seeing very nice results. As we onboard more and we on-boarded a number recently at the end of the quarter, as we continue to see them engaged they get more familiar with the experience we see lift.  So we're definitely confident that we will continue to see some momentum build through the investments that we're making. 
CraigMenear: Scott, it is continuing to increase. We've seen the pressure. But we have a number of initiatives underway. 
CraigMenear: And what we shared at the beginning of this year, we didn't expect that the market growth will be slightly less than it was in the previous year. And so that was part of our overall expectations. I mean when we look at the market in total, however, we play in a $600 billion market that we own about 17% of. And if you look at third-party data, it would indicate that we took significant share in Q3. And so we look at this as an opportunity going forward. We always talked to the merchants about the fact that we don't own enough share to worry about how that market growth itself. We just need to stay focused on the customer and continuing to drive the business.
CraigMenear: So from a competitive standpoint to begin with, we see a continued escalated promotional environment in the marketplace. That would include the categories of paint. That doesn't seem to be abating whatsoever. Ted and the merchant team are sticking to our strategy of delivering great everyday value to our customers. We know that that's for long-term right approach for the business and has played well for us over time. So that is absolutely. Ted, I don’t know if you want comment on tariff.
CraigMenear: I go back right to the base kind of comp that, Richard, walk through with you as we look forward. And the underlying health of the business is very solid. Great transaction growth, great unit growth, broad-based across the business. If you candidly look at where we thought this year would play out to where we are today. I mean 70-plus percent of the variance to the current year-to-date performance is lumber deflation, plain and simple. So we feel good about the environment. 
CraigMenear: I don't think we have that with us here right now. We can provide that. If you want to call in the Investor Relations department. 
CraigMenear: Look, we've got our Investor Conference in a couple of weeks and we will provide all the color around this at that time. Right now we're laser-focused on delivering the balance of this year. 
TedDecker: Hi, there, Simeon. So what I would say is, first of all, we're focused on delivering on the guidance for the year and look forward to talking about 2020 at our Investor December conference. Clearly, there has been pressure to our margin from shrink which was the highest contributor to the decrease year-over-year within those 31 basis points. And so that is an unplanned pressure and we're taking steps and have many initiatives in place to address that. 
TedDecker: Hey, Chris. It's Ted. Yes and no. I'd say certainly the extended season we did well in things like exterior stains and paint and some garden projects. But then in the Southeast in particular we had heavy drought as well. So there's some give and take with that. I think on the margin, we did do better with the extended season. I would say those are fundamental drivers of the business is the bigger story. When we think about this balance of ticket and transaction growth, we always start the year planning and expecting a balance of ticket and transaction that really plays out that way, but to see 1.8% growth in ticket, 1.8% growth in transactions. Real underlying stories also unit growth. We saw our strongest units as Craig called out in a year and a few adjust for as we've always called it the bathtub effector spring or if you have a weak Q1, you have a stronger Q2 depending on weather hits. When you normalize for the bathtub effect, this was our strongest units in two years across the entire business. As Craig said, it's across geographies. And it's actually across the store where we're seeing this unit productivity. 
TedDecker: Yes, on tariffs. Since this started, we said we believe it's manageable. And when I say that our finance teams merchants and data analytics teams have really drilled into the overall impact of the business. We know down to the SKU level the point of origin, the classification of the tariff, the potential impact. And from there we start working with our supplier partners to mitigate that tariff impact. We all know that on the margin, all goods have elasticities. And if you don't have to put price through, you are going to retard unit productivity. So each of Home Depot and our supplier partners are laser-focused on maintaining unit growth in this business. So we will work on mitigating the tariff impact to change country of origin, to change makeup of the product itself to add other features and benefits that can add value to the consumer.  With all that being said, we have offset from what would be not theoretical, the actual SKU level buildup of tariff impacts. We have offset well over half. So out of the gate there is no impact on well over half of the potential tariff impact to our business, again working closely with our supplier partners and with the balance of the impact that is a manageable set of actions we're taking across the portfolio not necessarily in the tariff SKU itself, but we have moved on some retails and that's implied. When I said we're measuring the various elasticities and where we've had to move and where we've acted in a portfolio fashion.  We've maintained unit productivity as I said, whether effective, this is our best units last quarter in over two years. So I would sum all that up to the content that we believe it's managing. 
TedDecker: I'll speak to the events. So from a merchandizing calendar, it's very heavy this time of year. So we set our pro Black Friday. We're bringing great values for our Pro. We bring in appliance Black Friday which is a very, very large appliance event. And then we set our gift center which is a lot of power tools, power tool accessories, hand tools, gifting items. All of those initiatives kicked off on the calendar a week late relative to comp. In that we're quite confident that's the number of 100 basis points. And we see that flowing into Q4. In some of that actually will go into December on the end. So it doesn't all get in November, this will hit throughout November and December.
TedDecker: No. We're not. So a couple points of observation there. Appliances for example, we continue to see trade up across just great innovation in clients business, we've introduced Fosh, which is approaching the higher, highest end of the category and picking up lots of net new business there. And then the phenomenon with the cordless power tools now going in outdoor power equipment, we're seeing great pickup and these are all higher price points with the innovation of technology and outdoor power equipment. 
TedDecker: Yes. That's exactly the big Delta would be the events for the holiday promotion. So think of appliances, your average ticket on appliance, gifting portable power tools, combo kits et cetera, so that 100 basis point isn't, that shifted isn't entirely ticket but much more so than transactions.
TedDecker: Sure. I would I would say on the contribution of tariffs to that ticket growth, it's actually a very nominal amount. It's by far lower than for example the introduction of sales of new innovative higher price AUR items, is a far bigger driver of that 1.8% in any price moves we would have made associated with tariffs. And on the exclusions, we're working through that, it was last Friday we had a number of exclusions announced. A number in the flooring category that we are working our way through, very optimistic about what that is going to mean for Vinyl Plank. We believe most of our portfolio, the Luxury Vinyl Plank which has been our fastest-growing category and number of those items is seemingly going to be on the exclusion list. Again, we're working through the detailed, but we're very encouraged.
RichardMcPhail: And it's also if you think, Michael, about the investments we've made in our store environment and Ted and Ann may want to comment a little bit about that. We know that the changes we're making are resonating with our customer and we're seeing positive lift from that. 
RichardMcPhail: Michael, thanks for the question. We're very comfortable with our guide based on the momentum Ted called out. And while our guidance does imply acceleration, that acceleration is mostly caused by the absence or reversal of pressures we saw in Q3 as we walked to Q4. From lumber deflation, from FX and from an event timing shifts that we saw in Q3. So you can look at it a couple of ways to normalize Q3. If you take the quarterly comp of 3.6% and you add back 60 basis points from a much lower level of pressure from lumber, we'll see in Q4 versus Q3. And you add back 35 basis points from the impact of event timing to Q3 where basically our Q3 comped over the first week of Black Friday from last year's Q4 due to the calendar shifts and then you add back 30 basis points from favorable FX compares. You'll see Q4 is actually right in line with a normalized Q3. You can look at it another way. You could take our October comp of 3.1% as an exit rate. You'd add back a 100 basis points from that event timing impact. Lumber of 60% and FX of 30. And again you will see why we have confidence in the progression from Q3 to Q4.
RichardMcPhail: Yes. The investment plan ramps actually from a total -- and remember I'm calling out capital and expense here. But a total investment plan of about $3.3 billion last year ramping to an investment plan of about $3.6 billion this year. And so and that's in line with the plan that we set back in 2017. And so the expense year-over-year is really sort of in line with that lift as well because expenses generally lift with the capital.
RichardMcPhail: It's actually, so the breakdown for 2019 is about $2.6 billion in capital and about $1 billion in expense which is higher than last year's levels. But it really is just that increment of ramping up to $1 billion in expense that you see in the P&L. And the cadence of those investments quarter-to-quarter over the year are relatively steady ramping up through the year and peaking in Q4. As you would expect, as we continue to ramp investment off and investment will be higher in 2020 than it was in 2019. 
RichardMcPhail: I think there's another point to that, Chris, which is really just looking at the headline of 4% market growth. And what we experienced in 2019 from a lumber deflation perspective. As we shared with you earlier in the year that's going to be about $800 million of pressure to us, but it will be pressure in the market in general. And so when you sort of round that out, you're looking at market growth or sort of our base case assumption of 4% lower down to around 3%. And, in fact, the fact that we're guiding 3, 5 today shows that we think we're getting about 0.5 from initiatives. 
RichardMcPhail: What I would say is the macro and housing environment have played out right in line with our expectations. And the description we would use is housing is healthy and stable. There's no doubt that recent movements in the rate environment are going to create support for that stability. But as we've said for many years, we expected that we would see that from 2012 a period of moderate housing recovery and a period of sharp housing recovery. And then a period of stability in housing and that has played out. And so I would say again housing is healthy and stable. The rate environment certainly provides support to that.
RichardMcPhail: So all of the investments that we call out are strategic investment of $277 million in Q3. We've guided to planned number of around a $1 billion and we'll be north of $1 billion this year, right in line with expectations. As we set them out at the beginning of the year. 
RichardMcPhail: Well, if you look at it, we think we can get all of our pros, our verified pro customers migrated onto the website over the long term. So that would represent about 30%.
RichardMcPhail: Yes, about 30% of the total right now. And as we continue to build the base of capabilities then we will obviously do more as we had originally planned to then make that knowledgeable to our pros and market to them accordingly. 
RichardMcPhail: And I just say, Seth, that again when we think about the big ticket in this quarter over a $1,000 at 4.8 hurricane adjusted markets at 5.5 that is right in line with our expectations.
RichardMcPhail: I think if we look at the last few quarters, the Delta hasn't changed dramatically, but we did see the pro strengthen some in this quarter. So both strengthen. But and then the one comment I would make about the pro business is we're seeing, Ted talked a little bit about the unit comps, which are very encouraging but the growth in Pro was primarily through transactions versus ticket. So just good broad base strength on the business.
RichardMcPhail: We actually look at the regional variability every single quarter. And in the third quarter, it was actually the narrowest we've seen in quite some time. And that includes all states whether there are high salt states or not. So we are very pleased with the narrow variability that existed. End of Q&A
AnnMarieCampbell: Yes, no. Thank you, Richard. Couple of things that Craig called out. First of all, when you think about our sales growth and our online sales growth and what we've seen in the stores that 50% that's picked up in the stores as we continue to make that easy for customers, we're seeing just incredible repeat as we think about transactions. So we're going to continue to lean into things that really simplify the experience for more customers. We're also continuing to add delivery capabilities outside of the stores as well with our car and Van delivery which really benefits to our pro customer. And we see that accelerated through the quarter. And when you think about our VOC scores, Craig called it out, as we think about all lockers and but we're also seeing increased VOC scores on our checkout process on the front end as well.  So you think about the investments we're making and we think about the fourth quarter coming up we're going to see increased traffic or customers, another time of introducing all these investments to our customers which we believe is just going to drive tremendous loyalty. 
AnnMarieCampbell: Yes. I'll add certainly in the departments that we are seeing increased pressure; they are more what we considered kind of malicious. And we've had initiatives underway and have implemented in our high-risk store. Some of the things we've done in the past to make sure that we secure all products. But in addition to that, we are working through initiatives from a technology perspective as well. Because we want to make sure that we have a long-term solution to mitigate this risk as well. So while we're doing certain things in the short-term to release some of this pressure, we're also working on the initiatives in the long term. 
AnnMarieCampbell: We have an expectation in the stores that we have implemented. Some of the initiatives that will start to bend the curve. But as I said, we've done that in our high risk stores first. And we want to make sure that as we protect the top-line; we're mitigating and really created a good experience for customers. So we're going to continue to monitor. But some of the things we've seen in the short-term have been really positive in these high-risk stores that we've implemented. 
