Carol Tomé: Well, let me break down the gross margin expansion for you in the U.S. and then Craig, you can talk about the tools. But if you look at the 36 basis points of expansion that we had in the quarter, 16 basis points came from higher co-op and rebate dollars as we entered in new purchasing tiers, 12 basis points came from lower markdowns given our better management of seasonal, and then 8 basis points came from fewer promotions, and those were primarily credit promotions. So you can see we got a good deal of benefit from markdowns, and Craig you might want to talk about the tools.
Carol Tomé: And if I could just jump in, it really is a team effort, because looking at our in-stocks, our in-stocks are at record high levels, so when you’ve got great value, great service, and the product is in stock, that certainly drives transactions.
Carol Tomé: But I think you gain confidence based on how you’re performing. And while it’s early, as we look at ourselves in August, we are on our plan and August sales are better than July.
Carol Tomé: So if you just want to work the math, you start with a 3.3% positive comp in the first quarter, and then deduct from that 200 basis points, add to that 40 basis points from air cooling.
Carol Tomé: If you look at our expenses on an adjusted basis, dollar expenses were actually down in the first half, and as we look at the back half we expect dollar expenses to be down again. Why? Well, the biggest driver of that is incentive compensation, and it’s all based on relative performance. We’re paid off of plan. Last year we smashed our plan. This year we’re expecting to be on our plan, so the dollars are down year on year. The other driver for the back half of the year has to do with vacation, sick, and holiday, and given the nature of our staffing in our stores, we have less vacation, sick, and holiday expense forecasted for the back half of the year than we did last year.
Carol Tomé: The U.S. comp was 1% for the quarter. So Craig is just tying you out to the 1.7. There’s another 70 basis points of shift in the business, if you will, to get you to the reported 1% for the U.S.
Carol Tomé: At the beginning of the year we said based on our forecast of cash, that we could see us buying about $3 billion worth of shares in 2010. We bought $1.2 to date, so that’s about 40% of the program. As I mentioned on the call, we needed to save some cash in our bank account to repay the bonds. This is just a timing thing. We’re going to refinance those senior notes later this quarter. So you should expect us to go back into the market. We will start repurchasing shares and as much as $3 billion this year in a thoughtful, planful way.
Carol Tomé: Many retailers are talking about holiday sales as perhaps challenging this year. Holiday’s not big for us, but we think we’re going to have a good holiday season.
Carol Tomé: It’s early days. It has cooled off a little bit in parts of the country. And as Craig mentioned we’ve got “Vanity Insanity” inside our stores, so you should go check it out.
Carol Tomé: At the beginning of the year we told you to expect modest growth margin expansion for the full year. We’re up 40 basis points for the first half on an adjusted basis. I would say 40 is a little bit more than modest, so look for gross margin expansion in the back half, but not at the same level that we experienced in the first half.
Carol Tomé: Well, gosh, lots of things have happened, haven’t they, as it relates to credit cards in our country. Our cost of credit is capped at no more than 1.5% of credit sales, and currently we’re running slightly under that. But we are seeing something interesting in terms of the behavior of the card holders, and that really relates to the change that happened earlier this year with the CARD Act, where the everyday value proposition that we used to offer, which was if you spent $299 on the card it was no interest, no payments for six months. That’s now changed to no interest, minimum payment for six months. And what we’ve seen is a decline in the penetration of usage of our private label card. Actually, in the second quarter it declined almost 400 basis points to now just 21% of our sales. So as we think about this, private label is a great value proposition. It’s the cheapest form of credit for us. We want more customers to use our card. So we do have a program inside our stores called “Everyday Savings”, which on certain everyday items like light bulbs, and trash bags, and air filters, if you use our card it’s every day 10% off. So we’re doing a number of things to drive up penetration, but in terms of our cost, we don’t anticipate any change. Now I could comment, if you’d like, on the Durbin Amendment to the financial reform bill. The Durbin Amendment speaks to interchange fees on debit cards. Debit is about 18% of total penetration for our business, and there is PIN debit and signature debit. PIN debit is cheap, signature debit is expensive. It cost more than clearing a check. With the Durbin Amendment the Federal Reserve has been given the right to determine what the fees should be on a reasonable and proportionate basis. We think that when those fees come out there could be a benefit to our company next year beginning in July, and that benefit could be in the $30 million area, which we could then turn around and reduce retail prices, or make investments in other areas.
Carol Tomé: Overall credit penetration has dropped 100 basis points. So bank cards picked up 300 of the 400 decline. But penetration is down.
Carol Tomé: First of all, we agree with your calculation. Secondly, it’s important just to reiterate that we will maintain our strong investment-grade rating of BBB+, and our target adjusted to EBITDAR ratio of 2.5 allows us to maintain that rating. So we are under it. We could lever up right now about $3 billion and still stay under that target, but to your point, Colin, it is a time of uncertainty. So we don’t feel compelled to go to market, even though interest rates are very low, because with the Fed’s announcement last week that they’re going to keep the size of their balance sheet for the foreseeable future, it doesn’t appear to us that rates will be moving in the near term.
Carol Tomé: We’re going to see the supply chain benefit next year. We didn’t talk much about supply chain although they’re doing a great job of driving the business. We had some cost pressure, as you can appreciate, with some cost coming out of international carriage. I think many retailers were faced with a similar challenge. But through our excellent productivity and our distribution [system], we were able to offset a lot of that cost. So no material impact to the quarter, and you should see the benefits next year.
Craig Menear: We continue to work to enhance our assortment planning utilizing our merchandising tools to try to get the right product in the right place. Obviously the advantage when we do that is not only a sales advantage, by having the right product there, but also it allows us to effectively move in and out of the inventory, which saves on the markdowns and really helps us drive the overall gross margin productivity in a particular product category. And as Carol mentioned, you can see the benefit in the markdown line.
Craig Menear: When you look at Q2 as reported by an independent third party, we actually stepped backwards about 60 basis points in Q2 on a rolling 12-month basis points were up 80 basis points in the appliance business from that same survey.
Craig Menear: We, as you know, we’ve talked about the fact that our appliance business – we’re very comfortable with our appliance business as to how it’s positioned inside of our portfolio strategy. We’re the third player in this business. We’re comfortable being the third player in this business. During the quarter we very purposely elected not to chase some deep discounts that happened in the market.
Craig Menear: Yeah, it was 200 basis points for all of our outdoor categories that actually was impacted in the quarter comparatively to the first.
Craig Menear: The paint category was in fact still positive, although not quite as strong as it was in the first quarter, as we comped over the introduction of our [unintelligible] from a year ago. So we still feel very solid about our paint business, an area that we remain focused on overall.
Craig Menear: Certainly a lot of focus and effort goes into the holiday periods, because those are big sales weeks for retailers, and we were very pleased with the results that we saw around those events. But when we look at the fundamentals of the business and what customers are doing right now, customers are remaining focused on maintaining their homes, so repair and maintenance categories are pretty stable across the business. We have been keenly focused on making sure that we are providing the right offerings for our customers in those day to day activities as well as simple décor updates. So categories like faucets, and paint, and simple flooring projects are where we’re focused. And that is the foundation, as I mentioned in my comments, to our transactions and really keeping customers coming into the Home Depot. As we look to the back half we think that customers will remain there. They’ll remained focused not only in their yards. I think there’s certainly some stress that yards have been through in the second quarter, so there’s an opportunity there. But we also think that they’ll continue to focus on the maintenance and repair and simple updates around their home. So we feel like we’re well positioned for the back half against what we believe customers will actually be doing.
Craig Menear: No. Again, we performed well on the holidays, and the holiday periods would be above a typical week. Again, put more marketing, more effort behind it, but it’s not like a dramatic –
Craig Menear: So, if you look at U.S. comps at 3.3 in the first quarter, you take the seasonal businesses, which fell 200 basis points, gets you down to 1.3. Add in 40 basis points of air cooling product, which was a plus. Gets you back to the 1.7 comp.
Craig Menear: No, actually we’re – again it varies by product category, but we’re seeing kind of a typical buying pattern throughout the line structure in categories. As I mentioned in my comments, we actually improved our offerings in, for example, our tool storage at the upper end. That was very well received by the customers. If you look at the Ryobi Lithium and cordless, which is actually at the top end of our cordless offering in our outdoor power equipment, for a cordless category that has performed extremely well. Likewise, we’ve also made sure the customer’s focused on value across all of the line segments. So we’re trying to strengthen each of the areas as we did, for example, in hand tools. We actually went at both ends of the business and saw good results.
Marvin Ellison: What we’ve seen is a continued increase in our internal customer satisfaction scores. We are benefitted by having about a half a million customer surveys per month that we get in when customers log on and tell us what we think, and we’re in a great position because our customers are very passionate, so they tell us what they like and what they don’t like. As a result of that, we’ve had our net promoter score increase over 500 basis points in Q2, and that’s on top of a 1,000 basis point increase in Q2 of last year. We’re also seeing things like likelihood to recommend, which is our version of intent to return. It is at record highs for the company, as high as it’s ever been in the eight years that I’ve been here. So we feel really good about it. As Frank mentioned, what we’re going to do in the second half is put an increased emphasis on checkout. We still know that that’s one of our Achilles’ heels from a service standpoint. We want to speed up our checkout process and make it more inviting for the customers, and we’re also going to put a specific emphasis on pro and service, because we know that when we provide quicker in and out service for our contractors, then we have a chance to grow market share.
Marvin Ellison: Absolutely. Craig and I talk a lot about a real simple equation, and that is having compelling value from the merchants to create footsteps, and then the engagement of the associate to the customer turns those footsteps into transactions. And we think that as we’ve increased our product knowledge, we’ve increased our training on engagement, we’ve seen the trajectory in transactions start to go up and continue to stay positive. But it’s a combination of compelling value from the merchandising team that invites the customers in, but when we engage those customers we turn those footsteps into transactions, and we’re going to continue to focus on that in the second half.
Marvin Ellison: We’re going to be aggressive and opportunistic with the pro customers. We’re going to focus on staffing and service levels and getting them in and out really quick, which is a mandate that they’ve given us. We have a field team that is out there building relationships, understanding the needs of the pro. We’re working with Craig’s team to make sure we’re merchandized the right way, we’re priced the right way. So we’re going to fight as hard as we can to take care of the customers. But again, as Frank said, we just don’t anticipate robust growth in the second half.
Frank Blake: It’s a great question and we obviously spend a lot of time working through how do we forecast the back half. And if you take into account what Craig was saying, in terms of the shift, first quarter and second quarter, in garden, you go, okay, overall you start with first half came in ahead of where we expected. Second half was – but the geography of the half was not what we expected, and that was driven overwhelmingly by the shift in garden, pull-forward in the first quarter and a bit of a draining in the second quarter. And then you go, okay, we’ve seen continuing strength in transactions across the business, which is a good sign across the business, and say that we think that projects forward into the back half. And then as Carol was saying, you – we’re lightening our assumptions on ticket growth in large part because the pros are a little slower to come back than we thought, and that gets the equation of around the 2% sales growth. And that’s the thought process. I can tell you behind that we do a lot of things as you can imagine, we keep talking about private fixed residential investment, and that’s had a great correlation up until recently with our sales. The difficulty with that, and you hit on it, is a lot of the broader macro numbers actually change pretty quickly. So if you just looked at quarter over quarter over quarter, what our projects on PFRI were, or what the expert projections on PFRI were, they have changed quite dramatically over the course of the last year. So that does make forecasting in this environment a little challenging.
Frank Blake: First off, it’s more the former than the latter. So if you think about the commentary that we’ve had on the pro over the last several calls, we changed the way we measure it. We think we’ve got a more accurate measurement of who our pro customers are. As we improve the accuracy of the measurement one of the things we found was a double-digit decline in the pro business as you exited the back half of 2008 and through 2009, gradually improving to where we’re now in the low negative single digit on pro sales in our stores. We had anticipated in the back half a more significant recovery, in large part for exactly the reason you said. You just looked at your stack comparisons and now just based on the performance in the second quarter we see that as more gradually getting to flat and then slightly positive.
Frank Blake: Not really. It’s largely just on the comparisons and kid of grinding through some bad numbers and getting to better.
Frank Blake: But Michael, in answer to your question, it didn’t seem any more spiky this year than it has in prior years.
Frank Blake: I’d say we’re thinking about it as kind of even over the two quarters, without a doubt. As you said, there’s a bigger hill in the fourth quarter, because you saw stronger numbers from us in the fourth quarter of 2009. I would say on the other hand, all of these things are comparisons, so you’ve got to look fourth quarter previously and so we see them as balancing out and we have taken into account, obviously Canada we saw significant improvement in the fourth quarter, particularly the last month in Canada last year.
Frank Blake: It’s not an enormous step forward. I think what you say is the business – you have to start with the fundamental that you think the business is turning. You go okay, you’re going to maintain your comp transactions growth. We think we’ve got some plans in place across our business that will continue to drive growth into the fourth quarter. For every turn – I mean as the business turns you’re going to hit a point where you go, gee, I’m lapping where it started to turn last year, can I sustain it? And so our task is to sustain that turn? But if you said, hey, yeah, the numbers mathematically, it’s harder in the fourth quarter than the third quarter, the [comment] is not arguable.
Frank Blake: On the quantification side we really don’t have that, and I would say it’s going to take another couple of quarters for us to figure it out. We’re now going into a period where for the first time we’re going to be having a few quarters without federal tax credits that apply to the housing related activity. We feel qualitatively that there was a pull-forward. Hard to know what it was, whether there was some incremental sales, pull forward, what’s the division between them? I’d say we’re really going to have to wait until the end of the year to have a clearer picture on quantitatively what that was.
Frank Blake: As I mentioned, it is interesting because we see both what was happening in the northwest part of the U.S. as well as what was happening in the western part of Canada, and an awful lot of it was just straight – you’d hate to say the weather word – but an awful lot of it in the second quarter was just a straight weather impact.
Frank Blake: I’m sure there are probably other retailers that experienced the same thing, but we had strength in the eastern part of Canada, which would, again, suggest if you normalize for weather, the country as a whole was okay.
Frank Blake: I’d say that there are always opportunities. The challenge in our business is how we use things like technology to help us approach things more efficiently and effectively. Embedded in the numbers that Carol was going through was a number of examples like that where we think we’ve been able to reduce structure, use technology, and provide a better outcome. There are things that we’re working on even as we speak, that would do the same thing. And to be clear, we’d work on those if the conditions were great, or harsh, because they’re the right thing to do for the business, and we think they actually improve the business. So there are still, I can tell you we’ve got a lot of projects that are going on that we think help take expense out of the business long term.
Frank Blake: Don’t know. [Laughter.] So I’d like to be able to give you the answer to that with that granularity, but we don’t know.
Frank Blake: No, no. I think the right way to think about it is really our planning assumption is, look, the ticket remains under pressure. And it remains under pressure because the recovery of the pro is slower than we thought, and so exactly when the time is that the pro turns to positive, I can’t tell you. But what I can tell you from our planning is that where we had been thinking we’d see some improvement on ticket, and if you go back to our call in February, we were talking about the back half more of a blend between ticket and transaction in terms of what would drive the comp. And what we’re saying now is no, that’s really going to be transaction and not ticket. And the big difference there is pro, so I think don’t be thinking there’s some significant lift we’re anticipating from pro that’s going to be offset by some significant decrease in the consumer. The bigger thing to take away is that pro is slower.
