Craig A. Menear: Thank you, Diane, and good morning everyone. Sales for the third quarter were $25 billion, up 8.1% from last year. Comp sales were 7.9% from last year and our U.S. stores had a positive comp of 7.7%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.84 in the third quarter, up 15% versus last year. I'm incredibly proud of our performance given that this quarter was one marked by an unprecedented number of natural disasters, from hurricanes and flooding to earthquakes and wildfires. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all of our associates and communities who are directly impacted. As they always do, our associates and suppliers did an incredible job supporting those in the paths of these natural disasters. They worked tirelessly and under difficult circumstances to get product where it needed to be, often as they too faced disruption in their own lives. Though our store teams worked tirelessly to reopen stores as quick as possible in the wake of these events, several of our stores, particularly in the areas like Puerto Rico, St. Thomas and St. Croix, were forced to remain closed for an extended period of time. Our solid performance in the quarter was driven by outstanding execution across the entire organization, though our results were not solely due to storm-related activities. We saw a broad-based growth across our geographies. Every region posted positive comps in the quarter, but the storms did impact the variability in performance across the regions. Internationally, both Mexico and Canada posted another quarter of positive comps in local currency. As Ted will detail, both tickets and transactions grew in the quarter, as we saw growth not only in storm-related product categories, but in core categories as well. We saw a healthy balance of growth from both our pro and DIY categories, with pro sales once again outpacing DIY sales in the quarter. We believe that the work we're doing to enhance the service capabilities for the unique needs of the pro customer continues to resonate. Our interconnected strategy continues to drive sales both in stores and online, as online sales grew approximately 19% in the quarter, now representing approximately 6.2% of our total sales, with approximately 45% of our online U.S. orders being picked up in our stores. And should a customer need to return an item purchased online for another item, our conveniently located stores are there for them, with 85% of our online order returns being completed in-store. For fulfillment options beyond the store, we continue to see great results with our store delivery which grows every week. We are also currently piloting other delivery options, which we'll talk to you about in more detail at our Investor Conference in December. The flexibility of our supply chain is a competitive advantage for our business, a fact that was particularly evident given the unpredictability of demand associated with this quarter's natural disasters. And while our supply chain did a fantastic job keeping impacted stores in stock, they did so while continuing to support the business in non-disaster-impacted areas as well. So, while this was a unique quarter for us, I am encouraged by the underlying health of the core business. From a macro perspective, we continue to see positive signs in the housing data, which we believe serves as a tailwind for our business. As Carol will detail, because of our outperformance in the third quarter and the expectation of additional sales from the rebuilding efforts associated with the storms, we are increasing our sales and earnings per share guidance for the year. I want to close by thanking all of our associates, especially our store associates, for their hard work and continued dedication to our customers and communities. Helping in a time of need is a core part of The Home Depot culture and that is exactly what our associates did this quarter. We are very proud of their efforts. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ted.
Craig A. Menear: Hey, Michael. We certainly expect, as Carol called out, to see continued sales increase from the hurricane as we move into 2018. It'll be pretty much in the first half we think.
Craig A. Menear: Michael, today we offer free shipping on any order over $45, so the majority of everything we ship today falls under free shipping.
Craig A. Menear: When you think about the kind of prep sales, if you will, that largely happens as you move into a storm, you're selling things like plywood and generators which are very low-margin rate goods. As you move past that and get into cleanup and recovery, you then begin to see a more normalized mix of sale across the business, and it depends again on the type of storm that it is. And that has a tendency to be more normalized margin in the business.
Craig A. Menear: In terms of the weather, if you will, what happens is some categories will do better in cold weather, other categories will not. So, we've had the benefit of project business through warm winters, but then that actually puts pressure on your categories in the cold weather type things, like heaters and so on. So, it's really a balancing act, one offsets the other.
Craig A. Menear: I mean as we've shared, each storm is different and Harvey was very different than the other two storms. And the situation in Harvey is a much more protracted recovery because of the nature of the storm being water-based and the fact that there were a fair amount of folks that didn't have insurance because they didn't live in a 100-year floodplain. Unfortunately, they were in a 500-year floodplain. And so we just think that that recovery is going to be protracted. And in a storm like that, you have to go in and basically people are ripping everything up down to the studs and starting over. That's going to take a while to recover.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, we really have no way of knowing that. It's just – it's happening, it's unfolding right now, we just don't have any way of knowing that.
Craig A. Menear: As it relates to any surprise in the online, I think, probably the thing I'd say there is we shared several years back our bubble chart, if you will, in terms of how we thought the online business would play out by categories, and there was a group of businesses in the lower left of that chart that we thought wouldn't have much influence. I think the thing that we've now realized is the shopping experience in almost every category starts in the digital world and it truly is an interconnected experience going forward. So, we're paying attention to the digital representation across all of our business as we go forward, creating an interconnected experience, if you will, the one Home Depot experience for each category and that's probably the big, I'd say, learning from a few years back that we've had.
Craig A. Menear: I guess just one last comment that I'd have on that, Alan, is Ted called out our field merchandising team. They play a key role in these type of situations, where they truly become the field general on the battlefield, if you will, in a sense and help direct and point the supply chain and the merchants' efforts. And that's a key component of what we do as well.
Craig A. Menear: Well, we're very engaged that the product manufacturers are really coming up with some terrific innovation. We're working with them closely. We have a view into the pipeline of what's coming. We integrate then with other products in the store. As we've said before, we're very much an open-source platform where any of our products can work with any other products through an agnostic hub. So, yeah, we think we're in a great spot. We added a lot to our online collateral to showcase all products, but in particular appliances. It's a category we've put a lot of effort into, lots of photos and 360-degree spin and features and measurements and how to get ready for installation, a home delivery model, and contacting the customer the day before and then hours before the actual installation. So, it's all part of our end-to-end thinking and business model development for appliances.
Craig A. Menear: First of all, let me start with we're very excited about the Interline business and we continue to work the integration of that business, and we're pleased overall with the direction and results we're seeing in that. And, Bill, I'll let you...
Craig A. Menear: No, I don't think we'll do that, but I can tell you this. Our business, if you look at the business in areas not affected by hurricanes, I mean we're actually very pleased with the business, both from a transaction standpoint, a ticket growth standpoint, growth in key categories across the business. We see strength across the store and across geographies, as we said in our earlier comments. So, we're very pleased with the trends in the business right now.
Craig A. Menear: Sure. So, on a broad basis, I'd say we're very supportive of tax reform that would fuel the economy and create jobs. And so, that's something that we hope we see take place here. And I think there's obviously a lot going on between the House and the Senate. We'll see where this all falls out. As it relates to some of the pieces that are being discussed individually and how that impacts housing, candidly, we don't subscribe to the fact that we believe the mortgage interest deduction elimination would have much of an impact. I mean we just don't think it has much, and in large part because the majority of households wouldn't have an impact from what's described today. But it's pretty early to tell. We don't know what's going to get passed.
Craig A. Menear: So, again, when – Matt, when we looked at the business across regions and looked at non-storm areas versus storm areas, the data around tickets and transactions is actually pretty comparable. And we didn't see a dramatic departure. Obviously, Houston, that market is up and up significantly. But when you look at regions which are, give or take, 100 stores, we don't see a big departure in the numbers, storm versus non-storm.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, we see a pretty similar promotional cadence. Most people's Black Friday ads are out and it's pretty much right on last year, so maintaining the current promotional environment.
Edward P. Decker: Thanks, Craig, and good morning everyone. We had a great third quarter, driven by strength in our core business. We also saw incremental demand stemming from the natural disasters during the quarter. I'd like to thank our cross-functional teams and supplier partners for their efforts in mobilizing our response. These efforts allowed us to get product to our communities at their time of need. We had five departments record double-digit comps in the quarter. This included lumber, appliances, electrical, indoor garden and tools. Building materials and flooring were also above the company's average comp. Decor, hardware, paint, millwork, plumbing, kitchen, bath and outdoor garden were positive, but below the company average. Driven by price deflation, lighting was slightly negative. In the third quarter, we saw growth in both ticket and transactions. Comp average ticket increased 5.1% and comp transactions increased 2.7%. Commodity price inflation in lumber, building materials and copper positively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 105 basis points. Foreign exchange rates also positively impacted average ticket growth by approximately 41 basis points. Big ticket sales in the third quarter or transactions over $900, which represent approximately 22% of our U.S. sales, were up 12.1%. The increase in big ticket sales was driven in part by strength in appliances, vinyl plank flooring, special order carpet, and several pro-heavy categories. Transactions for tickets under $50, which make up approximately 16% of our U.S. sales, grew by 1.8% in the quarter. In the third quarter, we saw strong sales with both our do-it-yourself and professional customers. Sales to our professional customers grew double digits in the quarter, with similar growth rates in both our high-spend and low-spend pros. Pro-heavy categories such as lumber, wire, insulation, gypsum and hand tools, all had double-digit growth during the quarter. Storm-related categories also saw significant growth, with double-digit comps in generators, wet/dry vacs, tarps and ladders. In response to the storms, our merchandising execution, field merchandising and supply chain teams worked together to make real-time decisions to adjust our product assortment and inventory levels. This allowed us to better stage product and optimize our store footprint. Looking beyond the storm-related demand, we continue to see momentum in our core business. Comps in non-impacted markets remained strong, with healthy growth in both ticket and transactions. During the quarter, we hosted several events that helped drive traffic and create excitement in our stores. We were pleased with our annual Halloween, harvest and Labor Day events, which recorded strong growth year-over-year. Now, let me turn our attention to the fourth quarter. In our constant pursuit of being the product authority in home improvement, we continue to focus on bringing new and innovative products to market that save our customers both time and money. One area where we continue to demonstrate this product authority is with lithium-ion cordless power tools, and now we are on the forefront of bringing this technology to adjacent categories. In the fourth quarter, we are excited to introduce the most powerful cordless compressor in the marketplace. The DEWALT FLEXVOLT cordless air compressor offers all the convenience and portability of cordless, and allows our customers to continue using the pneumatic tools they already own. Each battery charge provides our customers the power and run-time they need to complete a variety of projects. This new DEWALT FLEXVOLT cordless air compressor is a big box exclusive to The Home Depot. Adding to our incredible lineup of professional-grade power tools, we are excited to introduce a new product lineup from Makita that offers an even more powerful cordless solution for a multitude of tools. The new Makita LXT product line offers 36-volt power to a fresh lineup of recip, circular and miter saws, as well as grinders. With these tools, our pros will be able to tackle any job faster and with up to 50% more run-time. This new and advanced lineup of power tools is also a big box exclusive to The Home Depot. With fall coming to an end and the winter season rapidly approaching, our associates are preparing for another series of exciting events. In the fourth quarter, we will host our Black Friday and holiday events along with our best gift center ever. Our gift center will consist of incredible values and products from the best brands such as Milwaukee, DEWALT, Ryobi, Makita, Diablo and Husky just to name a few. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Edward P. Decker: Yeah, Dan. It's Ted. I think we're very well positioned. We have quite a bit of product that's selling very nicely with strong growth year-over-year. I'm most excited right now about some of the new thermostat product coming out from Nest. We have great innovation coming from Ring. We've been partnering with Ring for some time. They've given us a number of launch exclusives as well as nuanced product exclusives. I think that speaks to their confidence in Home Depot's ability to bring that type of product to market and sell it. But we're experimenting with how we display the product. As you know, we're a working warehouse, so how to get that product aggregated in a series of bays with different merchandising approaches is something we're working on, and happy with the number of different formats we're utilizing right now.
Edward P. Decker: We actually see growth across both the pro categories, the do-it-for-me categories and the DIY categories. And we've seen a sequential improvement in the small ticket quarter-over-quarter, tickets below $50, which have a tendency to lean more towards DIY as well. And the large ticket growth continues as a result of strong pro business and categories like appliances and roofing and flooring. So, not really seeing anything that has us concerned at all about the DIY business.
Edward P. Decker: Sure. We're actually not seeing a ton of difference. Obviously, if you think about new home ownership, some of the things that happened early on in that is categories like paint, categories like outdoor garden where they're beautifying their home. Those are the simpler projects that begin and that kind of takes place no matter what age group is buying the home. But we're very pleased with the trend. This is something that we saw in our research, that millennials would, in fact, step into home ownership. It was just a delayed cycle and that is playing out. And we think that bodes well for the housing market going forward. Also, our research says that, as Craig said, the types of projects that they're going to engage in are very similar to any new homeowner and in research, we see that the millennial is showing an interest to be DIYers as well, so actually a quite keen interest to do the projects themselves.
Edward P. Decker: To build on that in a bit, Craig, you mentioned our bubble chart listing all our key categories and looked at what is the intensity of inquiry, online and then matched against the actual purchase behavior. And the purchases haven't changed that much. The large categories that were large three years ago are large today. It's a lot of bath, a lot of lighting, a lot of power tools, et cetera. Those continue to be big businesses. But some of the most heavily engaged, again as Craig said, we're not going to get a lot of purchasing online with pro commodity, we see the highest engagement online is with our pros checking inventory levels and price. So, again a very interconnected shopping experience. They're still then going to the store, but they want to make sure everything is there for their project before they go to the store.
Edward P. Decker: Well, I think if you look at the categorization of the two storms, as Craig said, both are very similar in the preparation. You're doing plywood to board up windows, and you're getting generators and water, et cetera. And then when the storm hits, a lot of things like outdoor tools and chainsaws and debris removal. After that, the flood in the more Houston market, there you're literally ripping the floor to the studs. So, you have wiring and wiring devices and gypsum and mud and paint and flooring, quite a bit of flooring product, also cabinetry and appliances, et cetera. With the storm in Florida that went up the coast, that's more exterior damage, say, roofing and gutters, some windows, shutters, exterior paint, and things like that. So, we see the duration of the storm much more out of Houston as we get into the interior fit-and-finish of flooded-out homes.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah. So, we have a lot of experience with hurricanes and we see that Hurricane Harvey was much like the Baton Rouge flooding last year. Hurricane Irma is much like Superstorm Sandy, although on a smaller scale, and Hurricane Maria, well, it's much like Katrina, although on a smaller scale. And what our past experience tells us is that the hurricane-related sales tend to be the highest in the quarter immediately following the quarter in which the hurricanes occurred and then they tail off over time. As Craig said, we would expect them to tail off throughout 2018. For the purposes of building our forecast and guidance today, we have hedged back some of the anticipated hurricane-related sales in the fourth quarter, because it's the fourth quarter and anything can happen with weather. I will tell you based on the first two weeks of our sales in November, our forecast would appear to be conservative, but it's a good thing to put together a conservative forecast. When we look at the year-on-year impact, we would expect, as Craig mentioned, that there would be no comp DWIT (20:43) next year as a result of the hurricanes. We would have the same amount of hurricane sales in 2018 as we had in 2017.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, we didn't go back and recalculate the cost, but just let me tell you the impact of the hurricane-related sales and then you can do the math. We project – not project, but we have seen that the hurricane-related sales in August were about $10 million, the hurricane-related sales in September were about $150 million, and the hurricane-related sales in October were about $120 million.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah, thanks very much. So, you're right, we don't own our credit portfolio, but we do have visibility into the portfolio. It's a very healthy portfolio with an average net receivable of $12.6 billion. As we look inside the portfolio, we see that it's performing nicely. Our loss rates are up slightly year-on-year, but they're considerably under the historical average. The historical average, just to put in perspective, is 4.3%. In terms of approvals for customers applying for our private label credit card, we see on the consumer side that 73% of all applications are being approved with a FICO of around 750. So, we write a pretty high quality here. On the pro side, 72% of all applications are being approved, and for the pro, that line is around $6,700. So, hopefully that's helpful.
Carol B. Tomé: And that's why we tend to look at our business on the half and not the quarters, because there always are these weather-related year-over-year compares and we have this bathtub effect that we've talked to you about in the first half that always occurs. On the margin, the margin is what the margin is based on where the sales are, but no real pressure coming at us.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah. The sales growth was $243 million year-on-year, so we were pleased with that. And just to put the store closings into perspective, they were closed a cumulative 809 days, which is the same as having 2.2 stores closed for an entire year.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, let's just look at the fourth quarter and, as you know, we don't guide on the fourth quarter, but I'll give you some color on the fourth quarter. The expense growth factor in the fourth quarter will be similar to what we've guided for the entire year. And as you know, we've now lifted our guidance such that the expense growth factor should be 55% for the entire year and you may say why is that? Well, a few reasons. One, we will have some ongoing hurricane-related expense not to the extent that we experienced in the third quarter, but there is some natural disaster expense that's going to happen in the fourth quarter. Two, we are significantly outperforming our plan, which is a good news story and that means we're going to be paying more bonuses, so we'll have more success sharing for our hourly associates. And we're delighted with that, but that will put some pressure on the expense growth factor in the fourth quarter. And then there's just a little bit of currency nuance in all of this because when you have a weaker U.S. dollar, your expenses outside the United States when you translate them back actually are a little bit higher than it would have been last year. So, hopefully that helps guide what the fourth quarter would look like. And then as you know, we've got our Investor Day coming up on December 6 and we're going to give new financial targets for 2020, so we'll grind you through everything on such things.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah. You recall at the beginning of the year we said 50% was a good number to use and that included rising people costs. I mean, we're not alone. All retailers are faced with rising people costs and we view our people as an investment, so we have some of that pressure. But, Chris, at the end of the day, the operating margin this company wants to lift in a BAU basis. We will leverage expense in a BAU basis and if you want to use 50% as a BAU number, that's a good number to use.
Carol B. Tomé: We have – I've got a 10-page deck that – well, if you work for us, I'd tell you. And I'm not going to tell you. But if we look at Harvey as an example, it really looks so much like the Baton Rouge flooding, but it's 3.7 times bigger than the Baton Rouge. So, we just modeled our experience in Baton Rouge, kind of multiplied it by three point times to get the effect for this year and into next. There's actually a lot of science that went behind this expectation, but I appreciate the suggestion that maybe we should put a DWIT in (34:09) but I'm not hoping to, but I appreciate the suggestion.
Carol B. Tomé: And so that means we have to continue to invest in the experience and at our Investor Conference on December 6, we will lay out our investing plans.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, the impact of the hurricane on the entire supply chain was enormous and the team did an awesome job of redirecting products to get it to our stores and our customers in need. In terms of our inventory levels, our inventory turnover, we're very pleased where we are. We've worked really hard to drive productivity and inventory and that starts with the products that we source, the great associates who sell them and then how to flow them through our supply chain. One of the initiatives that we've been investing in is something we call supply chain, we think, which lowers the variability and improves the predictability of orders. One of the desired outcomes was higher inventory productivity and we're seeing that. So, we're very happy. Long-winded answer to say we're happy with our inventory levels.
Carol B. Tomé: Thank you for asking the question. We're devoting a good part of our Investor Day on December 6 to talk about the future and how we parse through that. There's a BAU point of view and then there will be an investing point of view and we'll share with you both to give you a real clear understanding of what we're going to be doing over the next several years.
Carol B. Tomé: Given the size of our company, it's hard to see that all those success flowing through on the top line in a measurable way right now, but the trend is right. The trend is positive, and the opportunity set is big. As we've described, the addressable market in the MRO space is $50 billion, and we're just scratching the surface there, so there's a lot of room to grow.
Carol B. Tomé: Yeah. Well, we plan to comp last year's outstanding results, and we're going to do that, and maybe we have a conservative forecast. So, maybe even a bit better.
Carol B. Tomé: It's early days. Our research shows that only 23% of tax filers actually use the deduction. And then of the people who have mortgages, only 5% have mortgages in excess of $500,000. And then if you have to think about, well, what is the impact to those who actually have mortgages in excess of $500,000 who might itemize and use deductions, it's really based on that marginal tax bracket. And the way to think about it (54:53) cost of their mortgage. And with mortgage rates so low, it's not a material impact. In fact, we know that for every 25 basis points increase in mortgage rate, it's $40 a month. So, you can do the math. You can come up with your own impact. But we just don't – as we stand here today, don't think there'll be a material impact. As we think about housing broadly and fears of slowdown, we don't see that for 2018, 2019 and 2020 for a number of reasons. We've talked about an aging housing stock, household formation and home price appreciation, and you may say, well, home prices are really hot, haven't they fully recovered peak to trough? Well, yes, they have, but on an inflation basis, they're still down double digit. And when you think about the wealth effect that's been created with higher home prices, there's been about a 122% increase in equity or about $64,000 per home, and that's translating into spending in the home. And the forecast for home price appreciation next year is very good. So, we don't – the rumors of our impending slowdown, we don't see because we look at the underlying data and then we look at what happens in our stores every day and on our website, and we just don't see it.
