Edward P. Decker: Thanks, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter, as sales exceeded our expectations. We saw strength across the entire store as well as continued growth in our online business. Sales were aided by milder weather and great events, including the strong Black Friday and gift center. All of our merchandising departments posted positive comps. Appliances, tools, building materials had double-digit comps in the quarter. Lighting, plumbing, hardware and indoor garden were above the company average, and decor was in line with the company average. Outdoor garden, millwork, lumber, kitchen and bath, paint, electrical, and flooring posted mid-single-digit positive comps. Pro-heavy categories saw significant growth during the quarter, as we saw double-digit comps in siding, pneumatics, circuit protection, fencing, fasteners, and exterior doors. Our recent assortment update in roofing continues to drive excellent results, as we saw double-digit comps in roofing in the fourth quarter. And we continue to see strength in core maintenance and repair categories, with double-digit comps in pumps, security lighting, water heaters, electrical tools, construction adhesives, ladders, and caulks. Cleaning, bath fixtures, door locks, and pipe and fittings also had comps above the company average. We believe that more favorable weather trends in the quarter aided sales growth by approximately $100 million. Our customers took advantage of the milder weather and were able to complete more outdoor projects. For example, we saw double-digit comp sales in pressure washers, hardscapes, mowers, outdoor power, concrete, and pressure-treated decking. Black Friday, gift center, and storage events provided great values and were well received by our customers. Our strong Black Friday helped drive double-digit comps in categories like portable power and appliances. Our gift center performed extremely well, and we saw double-digit comps in tool storage, power tool accessories, and hand tools. In addition, our associates rallied behind our decorative holiday offering, resulting in comps above the company average. In the fourth quarter, total comp transactions grew by 5%. And for the year, we set a new transaction record with over 1.5 billion total transactions. In the quarter, comp ticket increased 2%. Our comp ticket increase reflects about 32 basis points of contraction due to commodity price deflation in products such as lumber and copper. Transactions for tickets under $50, representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 3.8% for the fourth quarter. Transactions for tickets over $900, also representing approximately 20% of our U.S. sales, were up 11.9% in the fourth quarter. The drivers behind the increase in big-ticket purchases were appliances, roofing, and special-order kitchens. Big-ticket was also driven by several installation service categories such as roofing, sheds, and countertops. Now, let me turn our attention to the first quarter. In our ongoing effort to update and refresh our assortments, we will be resetting our door lock assortment in the first quarter. Using our assortment planning tools, we were able to more effectively cluster our door lock assortment around styles, finishes, and brands. In addition, we have a new merchandising approach that highlights our brands and their complete collections. Our reset will include great innovative products such as the Schlage Connect and Kwikset 915 electronic locks. For our Pro customer, we are introducing new and exclusive products from Milwaukee, DEWALT, Ryobi, and RIDGID, all leaders in professional tools. The new Milwaukee M18 FUEL with ONE-KEY is a revolutionary technology that provides users the ability to control tool settings, track the location of their tools, and manage their tool and equipment inventory with their wireless devices. This innovative technology gives our Pro customers the trusted power of the Milwaukee brand with added benefits to make them more productive. Among big-box retailers, the Milwaukee M18 FUEL with ONE-KEY can only be found at The Home Depot. In addition to great new products, we are gearing up for the spring selling season. We are excited about our exclusive grill offers from Weber, Nexgrill, and KitchenAid. And our large assortment online offers numerous options from infrared gas grills to smokers. Our patio assortment continues to expand, including new dining set designs from Hampton Bay and enhanced offering of patio accessories. For the gardener, we are excited about our expanded selection of exclusive organics from Dr. Earth and Black Magic. Our spring Black Friday event will once again offer amazing values for our customers. The stores will be loaded with exciting products and exclusives on items like live goods, grills, and outdoor power equipment. We're looking forward to a great spring season. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Carol.
Edward P. Decker: Yes, so clearly both our Pros and consumers were able to continue with outdoor projects. But really we're seeing comp continue to be strong across the entire store. And while we appreciate the $100 million-odd benefit from weather, we don't look at this as a weather story in our fourth quarter.
Edward P. Decker: I would say, Matt, on big-ticket, we like the progress we're seeing in the momentum. You specifically mentioned the kitchen cabinet business. That was a strong double-digit comp for us. And what's encouraging is the pipeline of quotes in our system are at record highs. And even now after such a strong Q4 going into Q1, we have a very robust pipeline. Just across the whole store, appliances obviously is a big-ticket item that continues to grow. And our service businesses, we have nice traction with our home interiors business and exterior business, whether it's kitchen installs or roofing, siding, windows. So seeing really across the business.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes, Peter, we're going to put Interline into our comp base. We think it's important to operate as one Home Depot. So as a result, as you think about the shape of the year, the comps in the back half of the year will be higher than the comps in the first half of the year.
Carol B. Tomé: Goodness no, we grew our sales by $1.8 billion, so $100 million of growth on $1.8 billion is not a weather story.
Carol B. Tomé: As we built our plan, we did build the first quarter as the lowest comping quarter for the year, but that's principally because as we exited the year, as Ted commented, we had commodity deflation in our sales. That commodity deflation continues into the first quarter, so we built the plan to reflect this.
Carol B. Tomé: Sure. As Craig mentioned, it's really easier to look at our business by half. So as you think about gross margin for 2016, the first half, because of the impact of Interline, will be down year on year. The back half will be up year on year. The back half will be up year on year because we'll be anniversarying Interline, and we'll see the benefits of productivity. We've talked to you in the past of our ongoing efforts to drive productivity within our cost of goods. We have a cost-out team that we set up several years ago that works directly with Ted and the merchants to drive productivity and first cost, which is our largest cost pool. You've seen us drive incredible productivity in our supply chain. For the year, we had 20 basis points of expansion coming off of supply chain. This productivity that we are driving to our business allows us to invest in lower-margin categories, not only Interline, but lower margin categories like appliances and other categories that haven't fully recovered since the downturn. So we feel very confident of the gross margin guidance that we've given for 2016.
Carol B. Tomé: And I might just throw in from a store footprint perspective, we have 182 stores in Canada where we want the stores to be. So we're very pleased with our store footprint.
Carol B. Tomé: And it really depends on what you're talking about. Looking at double-digit positive, I suspect that was the Pro customer. In fact, we know it's the Pro customer through our consumer insights. Appliances contributed 50 basis points of our comp growth in the quarter. Most of that is consumer. So you really have to look at the category of business and what was driving each.
Carol B. Tomé: We just rolled out our new value prop in January, so you really can't attribute the strength in Pro, which by the way grew faster than the consumer in the fourth quarter. You can't attribute that to private-label card, but we're very excited about what that new private-label card is offering to our Pro customers. As you know 60 days to pay, fuel rewards, 365 day returns, its early days but we are liking what we see, our new accounts are up over our target. Our Pros are enjoying on average $25 off at the pump when they're using their fuel reward card, so we really like what we're seeing and we think that's going to bode well for 2016. So you can't attribute that, but some of the other initiatives that we've introduced are really helping drive the business.
Carol B. Tomé: We actually expect some changes. So let me walk you through those changes if I may. First what I'm going to do is walk you from where we exited in the U.S., a comp of 7.1% to the guidance of 4.5%. That's a 260 basis point delta and the drivers of that are threefold. First it starts with GDP, we're using GDP growth forecast of 2.1%, GDP in the United States in 2015 was 2.4%, so those 30 basis points coming off the top because of slower GDP. Secondly, on home prices, we anticipate home prices to be up next year 3.5%, that's good. It's down from the growth that we experienced in 2015 of 5.4%, so that's another 30 basis points of growth coming off the top. And then there's 200 basis points of market share coming off because we don't feel market share into our growth forecast. So that gives you 4.5% comp estimate for 2016. A few other housing numbers since you asked, I gave you the home price estimate that we're using, we anticipate housing turnover to be up 4.4% of units, household formation to be up considerably, we're forecasting 1.9 million household forms, that's up a lot this year it was about 1.3 million households. The other thing is that we're really spending time trying to get a better understanding is the impact of the age of the housing stock. As you know 65% of the homes in the United States are older than 30 years and there's external research that shows that spending on older homes is higher. John Burns would suggest it's something like 7.5% higher, our own internal research suggests it's 8% higher, so this aging housing stock bodes very well for us. And if we could take you back to the last mild recession, and I'm talking a lot here and I apologize, but if I take you back to the last mild recession of 2001, the housing stock was a lot younger 10 years ago. So this is a good new story for us.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes. Our online sales grew $230 million or 23% in the quarter. For the year, total online sales were $4.7 billion. That's 5.3% of our total sales up from 4.5% from last years. Really pleased with the growth.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes, so thank you for that question. As we told you at our investor conference, we do have some people costs coming at us, both in terms of wage pressure as well as higher medical costs due to prescription drugs. All of those pressures have been addressed in the guidance that we have given you.
Carol B. Tomé: The D&A pickup is related to shorter-life assets being put into service. We're investing into IT in a big way, and that capital tends to have a shorter life. And the impact of Interline is really reflected in the overall expense growth factor for the quarter. We were around 52%-ish. That's really because of Interline. If you back out Interline, it was more like 40%.
Carol B. Tomé: So our inventories are in the best shape we've seen and I've been here, this is my 21st year, so I can speak from authority, they're in really great shape. We have one-tenth improvement in inventory plan for 2016 and Mark Holifield is here and I would say we might want to try to get even better than that, but that's the plan.
Craig A. Menear: Chris, generally you don't see a pull forward from Q4 into Q1 or vice versa. Generally, it plays the bathtub effect between first quarter and second quarter as spring breaks, so we don't believe it's a pull forward.
Craig A. Menear: Actually, the overall variability that we saw in the quarter by market was directly in line with what we saw last year. And you do get a little bit more market variation as you're in winter months based on how winter breaks. So really, there's not a lot of big variability.
Craig A. Menear: We're obviously in the early days of the integration efforts. And we have worked hard across – as we shared, we have a common vendor base. We're working through the programs with our vendors. We have reduced redundancy in the business, and now we're really getting into more of the focus on the sales side of it and the sales driving initiatives. As we called out, we're excited about the fact that we'll begin to sell our paint brands to the multi-family operators in the Interline company. Bill Lennie is here and he might want to comment. We're starting to see some success in crossover, but it's very early days.
Craig A. Menear: Seth, I'd also – the comment that I'd make, we shared at the investor conference that our approach is to really look at the end-to-end value chain and drive deeper collaboration with our vendor partners. And as we work through this with key suppliers, as Ted and I talk to them, we're confident, and likewise so are they that there's opportunity to take cost out of the entire value chain, which will benefit not only The Home Depot customer in terms of greater value, the shareholder, but also our vendor partners in terms of driving profitability for them as well.
Craig A. Menear: We're actually very pleased with our performance in Canada. Before bringing Bill back, he did an amazing job in Canada, and Jeff and the team will continue that effort. We have made significant capital investments in Canada, not only in our stores with the experience that our customers have in store, but also in our website as we've re-platformed our website and continue to develop our interconnected strategy for Canada, as well as a significant investment in our supply chain, deploying our strategy that we developed here in the U.S. into Canada as well. So we're looking forward to continued opportunity to serve our Canadian customers.
Craig A. Menear: Well, I'd say that certainly it's something that we focus on all the time. The customer is clearly investing in our space, so we're in a good asset class as it relates to housing. But incredibly proud of the team's efforts, whether that is the merchants to be able to deliver incredible values, our stores and our online team to be able to execute against that, our supply chain team that delivered, and the nimbleness of our supply chain to be able to react to kind of both weather patterns that happened during the quarter. Just really, really pleased with the effort that the team put forth in total.
Craig A. Menear: Right. I mean, what I would say is the measure of share is something that's incredibly difficult to get at overall. We do believe we're taking share in the market, but the finite number, it's pretty tough to get at.
Craig A. Menear: Yeah, Michael, what I think is happening and we're just very pleased with the performance across all the categories, is we are focused on having the right brands, the right assortments; we've done a lot of work. We've talked about our assortment planning tools, we feel we have the right line structure in the store with right brands in the right price points. We're focused on everyday value and convenience for our Pro and our consumer customers and I think this is resonating.
Craig A. Menear: I think we're focused on actually growing all of our segments. We're focused on growing the Pro customer, the DIY customer, the do-it-for-me customer as well as our digital customer. And so we haven't really thought about it as one being radically outsized versus the other. We look at transactions and ticket as a balance of growth as well.
Craig A. Menear: No, I mean, we're going to continue to focus on what we've been doing. So, no. I don't see any major change.
Craig A. Menear: We're continuing to clearly roll out the investment we've made in our direct fulfillment centers. So we're continuing to assort those buildings which will give us the capability where we put products across all three buildings to be able to get product to our customers in two business days or less. So you'll see us continue to shrink lead times for our customers. You will continue to see us invest in enhancements through search, visualization as it relates to not only photography, but video for our customers. We know that our customers engage in that. And Kevin Hofmann is here who runs our online business. Kevin, I hope you have additional comments to make to that.
Craig A. Menear: The great news for us is 40% plus of all the orders that happened in our digital space, our customers choose to pick that up in one of our stores. They're conveniently located, they're safe. They know that the product is going to be there, they don't have to worry about it not being on their doorstep. And that's a great opportunity for us as it drives more traffic to our stores.
Craig A. Menear: Matt, the only point on that is as we look at – we talk about our top classes that still haven't recovered from peak. And we're still, as much as we've recovered in aggregate all of the lost sales, there's still $2.5 billion in key categories. And those tend to be bigger ticket items, so special order kitchens, countertops, and all manner of millwork still remain below the 2006 peak. So we're watching ticket carefully, as Carol said. But from all indications, pipelines are strong and sales continue with good momentum.
Craig A. Menear: I think when you look at the business in total, there's a combination of factors. There are segments of our business – we've shared in the past that we believe the best business model is in the store. And the customers, they're smart, they have a tendency to gravitate to the best business models. And so we think there are elements of things like concrete and soils and mulches that make sense, and that's where the customer will find the best value to purchase the product. There are other categories that are enhanced by the digital experience. As Kevin was just sharing a minute ago, where our customers actually start their shopping experience online, but then finish in store. And then there are clearly categories that are, if you will, at risk to transfer online because whether it's breadth of assortment or ease of shipping. And candidly in those categories to date, for the most part we actually see growth in both channels. And so the digital business in large part has been incremental growth for us, and we see that opportunity to continue.
Craig A. Menear: We run this as one business as a portfolio. We've built out the capabilities in the tools to give visibility to our merchants to manage this across channels. So it's all built into our forward look that we shared at our investor conference.
Craig A. Menear: It is in the process of rolling out in additional southern areas of the country and this is a multiyear effort.
Craig A. Menear: Honestly, we haven't calculated that. We talk about our private brands in the 15% to 20% range, but not yet talked about the exclusive products
