Carol Tomé: Well, I'll start with an answer to your first question. Based on the guidance that we have given you, it implies a 3% comp in the back half of the year, and that's where we're trending. So from that perspective, it's quite positive.
Carol Tomé: Right. If I could just tell you what our forecast is, year-to-date our gross margin is up 16 basis points. We would define 16 basis points as modest. So that gives you a feel for what the back half will look like.
Carol Tomé: Well, Gary, as we've commented, we're very pleased with our supply chain performance, and it's exceeding our expectations. We've got a lot on the docket. We're not done in terms of transforming supply chain. One of the key benefits that we're seeing year-over-year is just an increase in the percent of goods that are handled by our central supply chain, including our bulk distribution centers, et cetera. So we've gone from about 50% centrally managed to now 63%. There's more room for opportunity here. We're not ready to lift the guidance that we've given, but certainly there's room for opportunity.
Carol Tomé: It really doesn't. The way that we get to the 3%, to Frank's point about the observation is we've deconstructed the sales in the second quarter, backing out some of the weather-related sales, heat weather-related sales, and that takes our U.S. comp to slightly under 2%. And then we walked back up over 2% because of some additional storm-related sales, some of that related sales, and remember, as you know, we are now anniversarying lumber price inflation since lumber prices are up year-on-year. So we get to a U.S. comp that's north of 2%, you add to that some currency benefit and you're up 3%.
Carol Tomé: Right. So the comp traffic in the U.S. was about 0.9%. And then in terms of inflation or deflation, it's hard to really quantify that as you can appreciate. We could comment a little bit about our commodity categories that might be helpful. So remember, you may remember a year ago, we had 100 basis points of benefits from lumber price inflation. This year, we had about 70 basis points of comp contraction because of deflation. But that was offset for the most part by inflation that we saw in copper, so when we look at commodities in total, we say it's basically flat.
Carol Tomé: Yes. We saw a slight uptick in our private label credit penetration, which we were happy about, of course, because it is our lowest cost of tender. So that private label penetration as of the end of the second quarter is 21.5%.
Carol Tomé: No. As you know, we view broad-based discounting with caution. We use our card as a financing tool. We certainly think our card is a great value proposition, and we do try shut that out every day. But it is a financing tool.
Carol Tomé: I think Craig you would agree that market gains have come about not just with merchandising but also with the great customer service, the operators, our in stock position is as good as it's ever been. So as a company working together, I think we're really making some progress.
Carol Tomé: Well, remember that our largest expense is payroll, and we do have an activity-based model. And so we can adjust payroll based on the activity we see in our stores. The other components of expenses that are variable would certainly be advertising and that would also flex relative to where our sales are going. So we feel very comfortable about the guidance that we've given to you today.
Carol Tomé: Well, regarding expenses, we've said as a general rule of thumb, expenses would grow in the area of 50% of our sales growth. Obviously we're doing better than that. And there are some reasons for that. While we thought we would have pressure from medical expense this year, we're actually seeing relief from the medical expense line, if you will. And so where that goes in outer years, not sure, but we certainly have done some great things here, getting our associates to be more healthy, and if they're more healthy, our costs go down. And we'll continue those efforts. So maybe our rule of thumb will change in the outer years, but right now, Michael, for your modeling purposes, I would use that for outer years. And then in terms of what we're doing in the store, well Marvin's on the path to get to 60-40, so he might talk about that.
Craig Menear: This is Craig. Overall, from promotional activity market, really seems to be pretty common to what we've seen so far in the year, haven't really experienced any big differences at all.
Craig Menear: Yes, I mean we are constantly focused on making sure that we're driving value for our customer every day. My message to the merchant team continually is you are the customer's advocate for value, and we will deal with cost pressures as they come up individually, supplier by supplier, do everything we can working with the suppliers to try to find ways to squeeze out unnecessary cost to maintain value for our customer.
Craig Menear: Sure, Matt, this is Craig. Let's start with, really we saw improvement across the store, quite frankly with the exception of lumber and millwork. So it really was somewhat broad-based across the store.
Craig Menear: It was a combination of mix as well as within category. Examples of within category would be things like inside the patio, inside the grills, where we actually saw a benefit inside the mix of sale.
Craig Menear: Yes. We did look at things happening inside of our outdoor living categories, for example, made assortment adjustments and our growth at store level, we made assortment adjustments within things like outdoor power equipment.
Craig Menear: Sure. Yes, we look at our kitchen business in total. We did have positive growth in our kitchen business. I think that's a result of the hard work the team has put in over the past few years to be able to really offer a wide range of kitchen open options for our customers, anything from an assembled cabinet, take it home, start today, if you want to refinish or simply replace doors and fronts, all the way to semi-custom. And the customer has responded well to that value proposition and those options in the market. And we did see growth in our appliance business. There's always a little bit of a spike in the summer timeframe against refrigeration because heat puts pressure on the obvious mechanics of older refrigerators. And we did well in that product category.
Craig Menear: Yes, Eric, to Carol's point, I mean retail is, really candidly, like baking a cake, and you got to get all the ingredients right to really drive the business, and I think that's Carol's absolutely correct. It's all of those things combined.
Craig Menear: We really don't have a way of judging that, so I can't give you a good statistic on who we think are returning customers versus new customers.
Francis Blake: So Scott, I'd say, and to Carol's comments, I'm not sure we're not saying we're disconnected from GDP. There are always some events within quarters that explain ups and downs. So we think for our results, it's still going to be very important that we see GDP growth. At the same time, we also think our job with all of you is to report on what we're observing. And we observe strength in the second quarter even as GDP was under some pressure.
Francis Blake: Yes. In terms of transactions, we talked about the fact that there'd be a little bit of a bathtub effect in the half. And as the garden business strengthened in the second quarter, that is obviously a significant part of the transaction growth that takes place. Certainly, in outdoor garden, for example, a lot of our customers were out making repairs. But we also saw strength across the store as well, and the core of our store performed well, which is also a driver to transactions.
Francis Blake: Yes, that did, Alan, stable out in the second quarter. There is still requests that come in, but prior to the beginning of the year, those requests were on the rise, and we actually saw that stable and flatten out in the second quarter.
Francis Blake: We cannot say -- we haven't reached a conclusion that our sales disconnect from GDP. We still think our business, when you think about it, we need GDP growth. We need the economy doing well. Obviously, the discretionary purchases from our consumers is a key driver of our business. So we don't, I mean again, Carol kind of walked through there are some unique things that happen within quarters, but we would not be saying that our business grows regardless of what's happening with GDP.
Francis Blake: We feel very good about our key holiday businesses, things around holiday decorating, around our gift centers, and we've actually bought up double-digit in those areas.
Francis Blake: So Mike, I guess, I'd say more. We've got a basic business strategy that we run consistently. We are obviously pleased with the results for the quarter, but that just says we keep at it. I mean we just keep at it. So there's nothing we're saying, "Okay, now let's take some swing for the fence."
Francis Blake: Well, with respect to the home ownership and renting, I mean we have seen a decline in the percent of the population that owns homes. But people who rent also do upgrades, the folks who own those rental units have -- there's actually a lot of wear and tear on rental units, and we can feel some of that need. And I'd also say, one of the comments just on the general market is there's been a huge upsurge, several millions of folks now living in multigenerational homes. That's just the kind way of saying kids living with their parents. And that is not a great long-term solution. I'm sure from either the kids' or the parents' perspective, so they're looking to go out and have new places to live as the economy improves.
Francis Blake: So Deborah, a couple of points on that, and then I'll turn it to Marvin to give you some comments on what we're doing operationally. We had, for a period of time, some very definitive statistics around what was happening with our Pro customers, and that was when we were using dunnhumby for data analysis. We've taken that in-house, but it's taken a while for us to kind of replicate the same who's a Pro and the whole data crunching effort there. So we don't have very good specific data yet on kind of year-over-year or month-over-month Pro sales performance. We hope to have that very soon, but we are doing a lot operationally that we think is working and working well, and I'd ask Marvin just to comment on that.
Francis Blake: So starting with the progress, obviously, we implemented a "portfolio" approach a few years ago, really looking hard at what we wanted to stand for, where we wanted to invest. That then dictated what we had to do as it related to really looking at decisions around assortment, that of assortment, go-to-market strategies, how we present the products in the store, and that has served us well. And we have worked hard to work on the productivity of our assortments inside the bays, and we'll continue to remain focused there as we go forward. If you think, look at things like our Vanity Insanity again, start with what I said earlier, our focus as merchants has to be the customers' advocate for value. A long traditional history inside of Home Depot is to drive value for our customers, to look for opportunities, to work with our suppliers, to drive productivity in their factories, creating things like special buys that helps them leverage productivity and gives us the chance to give the customer a great value. And that's what we see in things like Vanity Insanity, and we'll continue to look for those opportunities. We have several of them in-play for the fall season to continue to drive the business and drive urgency within the business.
Francis Blake: I think it's a combination of both. We have been working hard on our assortments over the past several years in our flooring business, outstanding values with our Platinum Plus and Martha carpet program. We've worked hard on our assortments in tile, whether that's in ceramic, porcelain, mosaics, wood, laminate, combinations of enhancing the assortment as well as driving special buys. So that's really a combination of all those things that has allowed us to really improve that business over the years.
Francis Blake: I would say it really varies by category. And in some categories, we've actually expanded the vendor base. In other categories, we've actually contracted.
Francis Blake: First, Dennis on the question of whether we're at the maintenance spending level, I'd say we're still very cautious before we'd say something like that. Again, there's just, it's still kind of early. And as I've said before in answers to the other questions, we still think that there's a connection between our business and GDP growth. So I wouldn't want to suggest that regardless of what's happening in the general economy, that our business has hit sort of the basic maintenance spend. For sure, it's encouraging that as in this past quarter, we see kind of the core of the business hold up strong. It's encouraging that we see the spread narrowing across the country in terms of performance. So you're not seeing these dramatic swings that we've been seeing in prior years. So those are all encouraging signs, but I just provide some caution in looking at them, and we still think the general economy is important to us. In terms of -- I don't want to get into a hypothetical on what would happen with a double-dip recession. So for our business, we always have opportunities to improve. So we'll look at that regardless of what the economy throws at us.
Francis Blake: Well, 2 different answers. First, we obviously think both are very important, but in different ways. The Internet is going to be important for every part of our business. Marvin was just going through one example with Buy Online Pickup In-Store. But we have an entire focus here around what we call interconnected retail because we think online, online, for us, is not just a matter of selling online. Customers research online, they get project knowledge online. So there's a lot of ways in which our bricks connect with our online presence, and we want to make sure we have the best experience in all of retail for that. On Mexico, Mexico has just been a great, great story for us. The business has grown well. We've also been able to learn a lot in terms of, I mean, it is not just a matter of the team here helping in Mexico, but frankly, we probably get more help coming back the other way. Our Mexican business helps us think through customer, Hispanic customers in the U.S. are obviously a huge demographic opportunity. On personnel, we transfer personnel back and forth between the U.S. and Mexico, which is great. We do that both on the merchandising side, the operations side, the finance side, we do that across the business. So we look at Mexico as just absolutely a critical part of the overall business and see continued growth for it.
Marvin Ellison: Thanks, Frank. Deborah, we went back and we did a lot of surveys of our key Pro customers, so just to understand what they wanted from retail to better serve them, and we rolled out something we mentioned a while back, our First for Pro, a take-on of our customer service initiative. The good news is that our greatest customer service improvement in the store happened in the Pro side of the store in the second quarter. Our Net Promoter Score increased by 270 basis points, our weighted checkout was dramatically improved, our healthiness in loading are just across the board, so we feel really good about Pro and good about the service model that we put in Pro. The key goal for us this year is continue to engage our customers, understand the projects they're we're working on and more importantly, give them a very convenient retail environment to shop in because time is money and they want to get in and out fast. As Frank mentioned, we'll have a better view on the overall sales trajectory as we continue to crunch the data in-house, and we feel very pleased with our progress thus far.
Marvin Ellison: The Net Promoter Score was a 68.7, and that's an increase of 210 basis points, and I have to note that, that's on top of a 530 basis point increase, same quarter last year. Real progress.
Marvin Ellison: And Joe, this is Marvin. The general approach that we take is just provide great service, and we know that customers will traditionally shop for home improvement 4 to 5x a year. And we want those occasions to be with us, and we think by engaging them and giving them a great service environment, we have a great opportunity to get them on that next shopping occasion. So whether they’re new customers or not, we focus on our customers in a very aggressive service mentality, hoping that we can just retain them and continue to provide an opportunity for them to come back and shop with us again.
Marvin Ellison: Mike, when we laid out a pretty aggressive plan a few years back to shift our payroll model from a task, what I call noncustomer service activities, which was at 60% to flip that and make that activity to be customer-facing over a period of time. We're over 50% now, which is a great milestone. And when you think about some of the key initiatives, we have a new labor system that Frank mentioned that will really transform how we schedule, and give associates the ability to view schedules from home, just a great piece of technology that we believe will make us best-in-class from a retail payroll management standpoint. We have -- are rolling out centralized return to the vendor process. Today, we process returns individually in 2,000 stores in the U.S. We're going to create 3 large central locations and all stores will be processed in those locations. It's going to be a huge productivity and payroll savings. We're revamping our entire toolroom system, which saves a transaction from 8 minutes to approximately one minute. That's going to happen this year as well. Frank mentioned Buy Online Pickup In-Store. We waited a lot to roll this out, but we want it to be very good and have a process that will create differentiation, and we believe we've done that, and we'll have that rolled out within the next couple of months in all stores. As Carol mentioned, we have a project plan for the next 2 years with projects similar to the ones I just outlined that we think will be very beneficial for us to continue to transform our store environment, drive our payroll productivity and just create a better service environment for the customers.
