Carol B. Tomé: Thank you, Craig, and hello, everyone. In the first quarter, sales were $17.8 billion, a 5.9% increase from last year. Comps or same-store sales were positive 5.8% for the quarter with positive comps of 6.2% in February, 6% in March and 5.4% in April. Comps for U.S. stores were positive 6.1% for the quarter with positive comps of 7.2% in February, 5.8% in March and 5.6% in April. Our total company gross margin was 34.7% for the quarter, an increase of 8 basis points from last year, of which 7 basis points came from our U.S. business. In the U.S., the gross margin expansion can be solely attributed to benefits arising from our supply chain transformation. Excluding supply chain benefits, the gross margin for the U.S. was flat to last year due primarily to a change in the mix of products sold. For the year, we continue to expect moderate gross margin expansion. In the first quarter, operating expense, as a percent of sales, decreased by 109 basis points to 25.1%. Total operating expenses grew at a factor of 24% of our sales growth, better than our original guidance due principally to the sales environment. For the quarter, our operating expenses were within $8 million of our original plan. Based on our first quarter results, we now expect total expenses to grow at approximately 40% of our sales growth rate on a 52-week basis. Turning to interest and other expense. You may recall that we had guaranteed a $1 billion senior secured term loan issued by HD Supply and established a $67 million fair value liability related to this guarantee. In the first quarter, our guarantee was terminated, and as a result, we reversed the liability. This reduced other expense by $67 million and provided approximately $0.03 of earnings per share benefit in the quarter. Our income tax provision rate was 36.5% in the first quarter, and for the year, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 36.5%. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $0.68, an increase of 36% from last year. Moving to our operational metrics. During the first quarter, we opened 2 new stores in the U.S. for an ending store count of 2,254. At the end of the first quarter, selling square footage was 236 million. Total sales per square foot for the first quarter were $304, up 6% from last year. Now turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, inventory was $11.6 billion, down approximately $100 million from a year ago. Inventory turns were 4.3x, up from 3.9x last year. We ended the quarter with $43.3 billion in assets, including $3.2 billion in cash. We are about $500 million ahead of our cash plan, due in large part to in-the-money stock options that were exercised in the quarter. In the first quarter, we repurchased $1.1 billion or approximately 19.4 million shares of outstanding stock, including 2.1 million shares through open market repurchases and 17.3 million shares through an accelerated share repurchase program. The shares acquired under the accelerated share repurchase program are an initial calculation. The final number of shares repurchased will be determined upon the completion of the program in the second quarter. Computed on the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the trailing 4 quarters, return on invested capital was 15.4%, 240 basis points higher than the first quarter of fiscal 2011. As you've heard, the warm spring weather and continued strong performance in the core of our store drove first quarter sales ahead of our internal expectations. But it's our point of view that the fundamental assumptions behind our 2012 financial plan haven't changed. As a result, we are simply raising our guidance for fiscal 2012 to reflect first quarter outperformance, offset in part by the sales we believe we pulled forward into the quarter. On a 53-week basis, we now expect fiscal 2012 sales to increase approximately 4.6%. For earnings per share, remember that we guide off of GAAP. Based on our first quarter results, we now project fiscal 2012 diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 17% to $2.90 on a 53-week basis. This earnings per share guidance includes share repurchases completed in the first quarter and our intent to repurchase an additional $2.4 billion in shares over the course of the year. Our guidance assumes that share repurchases will contribute about $0.07 of EPS accretion in 2012, offset by $0.02 of dilution coming from shares issued in association with stock option exercises. We look forward to sharing with you a longer-range business outlook at our investor conference on June 6 in Atlanta. We thank you for your participation in today's call. And Christie, we are now ready for questions.
Carol B. Tomé: No. Thank you for teeing it up for us actually. We'll talk about our longer-term margin opportunities. We're not stopping at 10%. We have an opportunity, we believe, to grow our margin. If you remember our peak margin, back in 2005, was 11.8%. We'll give you a lot more color on June 6.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, let me just share with you the math behind or the science behind the art because we do try to apply some science. We will take 5 years of garden business, looking at the relationship between the first and second quarter, and we'll come up with a ratio that we regress against the first quarter results, which will give us a factor to apply against the second quarter projected sales against our plan. And that's how we determine what we have pulled forward. Again, 80 to 100 basis points of our total comp growth pull-forward, that's about $120 million to $150 million. We then, Colin, do an eyeball test and we look at the categories where we saw sales growth that would be onetime categories, be it a riding lawn tractor or a Walk Behind Mower, that sort of thing, where typically you're only going to buy it once in the season, to give us some comfort that our math is more or less correct. And that's again -- that's in -- just Craig is just asking me to make sure it's clear that when we say weather-impacted of 300, the 80 to 100 is in that 300 number.
Carol B. Tomé: And we can give you some numbers behind the comments that Frank just shared with you. If we look at the insights, consumers grew about 7% in the quarter, pros grew about 5%.
Carol B. Tomé: Thank you, in their sales growth. And then our larger pros, those who spend more than $10,000 with us annually, they grew around 11%. That's about 12% of the pro base.
Carol B. Tomé: And you would say that growth is a great thing to deliver to our suppliers. We grew ourselves in 2011 and we started off the year pretty strong.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, sure. We were actually very pleased with our supply chain performance in the first quarter. It was better than our plan. And given the sales spikes that we had across the country, we needed to do amazing things to move products. So kudos to our supply chain team for doing such a great job and for delivering the leverage that they did deliver. A couple of other points, Alan: first, we did have some fuel headwind come our way in the first quarter that cost us about 3 basis points. So the supply chain benefit would have been 11 x fuel. And as we think about year-over-year, last year we got about 32 basis points of benefit coming off of the supply chain. This year, we'll probably get about 1/3 of that for the year and that's consistent with the plan that we laid out. And then as we look longer term, and again we've got an investor conference coming up in June, we'll show you even more benefits coming off the supply chain.
Carol B. Tomé: But we do approve 70% of all applications that we receive from our pros. The average line that we grant is about $6,600. So we will provide credit to those who qualify, and a 70% approval rate is pretty good approval rate.
Carol B. Tomé: Remember, the last time we saw these kind of comps was fourth quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004. And back then, well, we didn't have much of a supply chain.
Carol B. Tomé: And Greg, we had 329 million transactions in the first quarter. That's the highest in our company history, so we would think that would start to slow down as we move into the second quarter.
Carol B. Tomé: Sure. Well, first on the working capital side, the payables ratio is really a reflection of how weak sales were in April of 2011. As you recall, we had a negative comp in April, our purchases were down. We had positive comp this year, so it's just a timing matter year-on-year. We are about $500 million ahead of our cash plan, but that's because of stock options that were exercised in the first quarter that we hadn't planned on. Our stock hit a 10-year high, many of our optionees elected to exercise their options, and we got some cash in. As we think about then what do we do with the cash and what do we do with our capital structure, I don't mean to kick the can down the road, but I'm going to kick it to our June conference at which time we'll give you more color about any additional share repurchases we might do in 2012 as well as a longer-term perspective on share repurchases, debt, capital raising, et cetera.
Carol B. Tomé: Well, if you look at inventory, down $100 million year-on-year. On a per-store basis, down a little over 1%. The majority of the per-store decline as of the end of the quarter was in Canada. And last year, our Canadian inventories were bloated, in all candor. So we feel good about where inventory is.
Carol B. Tomé: Sure. So because of the pull-forward, the second quarter comp should be lower than the first quarter. The comp for the first half should be higher than the back half. Not a big difference between the halves, but clearly first half will be stronger than the back half.
Carol B. Tomé: Despite the fourth quarter compare. Because as you know, every year we tend to outperform the previous year since Craig and the merchants and the operators are doing a masterful job of growing our seasonal business. This is a business that we are very low penetrated in that we continue to show year-on-year growth.
Carol B. Tomé: Yes, as we said, the gross margin x supply chain was flat year-on-year and that really was a mix story. Craig, maybe want to give...
Carol B. Tomé: You may recall last year, Scott, we had 14 basis points of gross margin benefit in the first quarter from mix because we had a lower penetration of seasonal category spend.
Carol B. Tomé: Particularly the year-over-year comparisons. Last year in the first quarter, those 2 markets were some of our strongest-performing markets.
Carol B. Tomé: But your point about size is the right point. Today, our dot-com sales is about 2% of our total sales.
Craig A. Menear: So Gary, we look at share 2 different ways. We obviously look at the census data from the NAICS. That would actually indicate that we lost share, although there are companies in there that -- much smaller base that had huge, huge gains, which affects the number. And then when we look at the consumer side of independent tracking, which doesn't include our pro business, we gained in 4 departments out of our total. That would've been lighting, lawn and garden, kitchens and millwork. When we try to triangulate the data, working with our suppliers, we do feel that we're gaining share in a number of our business categories. But those 2 indicators are what they are.
Craig A. Menear: No, we're actually seeing, with those pros, an improvement in the number of transactions. So they're just -- they're getting more repair jobs and we're seeing that type of business.
Craig A. Menear: I mean, again, I -- we're in constant communication with our suppliers. Our focus is on driving the business with our suppliers and we're always talking to folks in the market who we do business with and we don't do business with. So really no major change to how we're approaching things.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, we had regions of the country, Michael, where we had product categories that drove comps in excess of 50%. Certainly, our suppliers didn't plan and anticipate that, nor did we at the beginning of the season, but everybody rallied to scramble. Really hard to tell if you missed sales. I mean in most product categories, we carry a multitude of products to choose from. So whether you actually missed a sale or not is a question that's pretty hard to get your head around. But we certainly know we had opportunities within the quarter in those kind of high spiked areas.
Craig A. Menear: I would say actually I think the supply chain allowed us to react faster than we would have been able to before.
Craig A. Menear: So if we look at ticket above $900, the big drivers in this quarter for that were riding lawn equipment, we had a solid quarter in appliances, and then interestingly, the in-stock kitchen business, which largely focuses on our pro customer.
Craig A. Menear: The other piece of the inventory, Greg, is with the investments we made in our DCF and our [ph] programs, we've actually been able to leverage our inventory investment in our DCs while maintaining good position overall. So we feel good about that as well.
Craig A. Menear: Well, Matt, you're right. We've been working hard to make sure that we are adjusting our assortments to the local markets and the demographics in those markets. We certainly think that, that is part of what has helped us drive the overall business and deliver the comp performance not only in this quarter, but kind of where we've been for the past few quarters. And certainly, when you get the product in the right location, you then benefit from -- particularly if they're in seasonal businesses, you don't have the same liquidation expense that you might have like we did a few years back when we weren't leveraging or didn't have the capability or the tools that we have. So certainly, having the right product in the right place benefits you in terms of the ability and the amount that you sell at full price.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, I mean categories like power -- outdoor power equipment, dirt, mulch, all those carry lower-than-average margins, so it certainly had a mix impact.
Craig A. Menear: Yes, I mean, to be honest with you, we didn't see any major shift in promotional activity during the quarter at all.
Craig A. Menear: So let me start with the online. As you know, we've been investing in our online business. We put new Webster 7 in place to enhance our capabilities, improve the speed, which is important obviously for our customers. We're very pleased with how that business is going. We're seeing both sales growth that obviously exceeds the company. And we're seeing traffic growth in that space. And so it's an area of the business that's important to us. It's still a little around 2% of the business in total. We've seen some nice external recognition of the work that we've done as well in terms of the ForeSee E-Retail Satisfaction Index. We got above 79, which is a new place for us, which is a very positive result and recognized as the most improved since that index began at over 10 points. So we're pleased with where that space is going, and overall, how it's helping us to satisfy the customers' needs to be able to shop when, where and how they want. As it relates to the private label business, we've talked quite openly with our supply base in terms of when and why we'll go after a private label program. We are expanding the opportunity that we have to continue to drive value for our customer and be able to deliver strong value propositions as well as support the overarching strategy that we have in place to compete in all channels. So you'll see us, we'll talk more about that at our investor conference. But that is an element of the business that we're focused on as part of our portfolio strategy.
Craig A. Menear: I mean we do look at the business in total in terms of how we look at both sales and the contribution margin, both in-store and online and how those businesses come together. So that is something that we're focused on.
Francis S. Blake: Well, these are -- it's an art as much of a science in terms of what's weather-impacted. And obviously for us, the fourth quarter is a little bit anomalous because it's our lowest volume and heavily driven by how we perform on our -- the seasonal holiday, which was very strong for us in the fourth quarter. I would tell you it didn't feel like the business decelerated. But weather -- I mean, as Craig mentioned and Marvin's here for the store side, boy, our stores were very, very busy. And we had huge transaction growth in the first quarter. So I understand your point, Colin, on weather-adjusted, did we decelerate, but I would say it didn't feel like that.
Francis S. Blake: So Chris, I'll give you a hypothesis, but again recognize this is just a working hypothesis and we'll have to see as this goes forward. The first just comment to make is I was, in the commentary, differentiating between the pros, our larger pro spend customers and our smaller pro spend customers. Pro, overall. So in both segments, it's recovering where we're seeing outsized recovery versus our consumers with our larger pros. I'd give a hypothesis that credit has something to do with that. That those are the larger, more creditworthy firms. And as you think about kind of a thawing process, it sort of makes sense that they'd start picking up business in advance of some of our smaller customers. That's a theory. As Craig said, we've got a lot more analytics that we now have at our disposal to put to the question and hopefully over time we'll get more and more refined on exactly what's driving that difference.
Francis S. Blake: No, Chris, it's not. I mean this isn't a sign of, hey, homebuilding's coming back and remodeling not, no.
Francis S. Blake: AmazonSupply? So Kate, I would say from a competitive perspective, first, no. I mean it would be really very early in the day to expect to see anything from AmazonSupply. Obviously, it's something we're very aware of and focused on, but no competitive impact from it. Across-the-board, as Craig was saying, it's always worthwhile recognizing we compete in all our different business segments across a broad range of competitors. We believe, talking to our vendors, that we're picking up share, but that's always -- just because our various markets are so different, it's always hard to track precisely.
Francis S. Blake: So Alan, the biggest opportunity we have with our pro customer, which is what Marvin and his team are focused on is doing a great job getting them in and out the store fast and having the product that they want in the right quantity at the right price. And that's really where we're focused and that's where Marvin's focused his team. I don't know, Marvin, if you want to -- so we're not thinking about a new program on our side on credit to try to stimulate activity.
Francis S. Blake: So Mike, I don't think we can quantify it for you. But for sure, and Craig and Mark Holifield, our Head of our Supply Chain, are here. This was a very unusual winter. And we got hit with some very unusual demands and we were really pleased at how our supply chain responded. But the reality is you're always a little bit chasing in that kind of a spiked environment.
Francis S. Blake: We did, as I've said, this was an interesting real stress test on a new system and we were really pleased with how it responded.
Francis S. Blake: So I would say, Michael, if I understand your question, the first thing I'd say is that the home improvement, the repair/remodel business has obviously been more stable than the housing market, particularly the new home build. And so you're seeing some more elevated growth compared to home building. If -- I'm not sure I -- the second part of your question, which is could that…
Francis S. Blake: Okay. Well, so here's how I answer that and again we'll see how it responds, so this is kind of new territory for all of us. But I'd say the important thing to look at is both on housing, existing home turnover and on repair/remodel activity, just think about the number of mortgages that are underwater. So you've got almost 1/4 of the people who own mortgages that are underwater. That's both stressful on a turnover. That kind of puts a bit of a break on existing home turnover and it's stressful on repair and remodel activity. You do some basic repair activity, but you're less inclined to do large remodels when you're underwater. And we'll talk about this more in the -- in our upcoming conference, but I'd say what you'd hope to see is pricing improving, credit availability improving and a lift across both segments. So if I understood the kind of basis of your question, which is would home improvement repair/remodel actually kind of decelerate into the improving housing picture, we don't think that's how it will play out.
Francis S. Blake: So Scott, first, it's not -- I don't want to misinterpret it as saying that there is no housing recovery. I think the housing market is definitely better. The question for us is, is it better enough to kind of push us off the general GDP growth connection that we've been seeing for the last couple of years? And we go, yes, it's better, but it's not yet that much better. When we get together in June, hopefully we can lay out for you a little more clearly how we think our business improves depending on your point of view on the degree of the housing market recovery, strong recovery when it occurs, and whether it's a strong recovery or just kind of a very gradual fall.
Francis S. Blake: Right, and this quarter as you might expect given just the weather impact, Florida and California were below the company average.
Francis S. Blake: But still -- but that's still good -- I mean, it's a good recovery, still a positive and a good recovery.
Francis S. Blake: So 38 out of our top 40 markets, not -- I mean we don't have 40 regions. The negative ones were, for what it's worth, it was Phoenix and then we also were negative in New Orleans, and there are some very specific conditions in both of those markets that explain that.
Francis S. Blake: No, so I'll tell you why we called it out in part. First off, because I do think it's an interesting way of thinking about our business and thinking -- for us, it's a tool for thinking about the recovery of the business because we've been talking to everyone for quite a while about how our pro and consumer businesses, how they're differentially faring. And the second thing was, as Craig said and for those of you who followed us for a while, you know we've been sort of on a journey to build in some of this consumer insight capability. We had, had it outsourced and then we brought it in-house and it's taken a while for us to get comfortable with the tools, get the data together. And so we were kind of giving you a here's what those tools are showing us, here's what we think the implications are.
Francis S. Blake: No. I would say as we called out, that we saw some good-sized growth on those large pros, which is encouraging. As I said, you can have a theory of the case on how the pro market as a whole will thaw and we'll be giving periodic updates, I'm sure, on how that hypothesis is playing out.
Marvin R. Ellison: Yes, Colin, we put in a new labor system, scheduling system, last year. It was part of our 60/40 initiative work with Matt and his team to get this in place. It was a big undertaking, but it really paid dividends this quarter because we were able to have our labor meet our sales demand and schedule and forecast to that in a more effective manner. For the first time, our store managers were able to track their labor versus their sales performance on a daily basis. We've never been able to do that before. So that enabled us, not only to meet the demand, but also to make the right investments in departments like live goods where, for the first time, we actually experienced a customer service score increase in the live goods area during the season. Typically, for us, Q1, we take a really big decline in service scores in that seasonal area, so we made a labor investment based on the new system and we actually saw improved sales as the numbers reflect. But in addition, we saw improved customer service scores. So we feel good about the process and we feel good about the leverage we were able to create because the leverage was created on top of increased sales and top of increased customer service scores.
Marvin R. Ellison: So Chris, this is Marvin. The additional point to that, probably the vast majority of all the growth, as Frank mentioned, came from those large customers. And so in addition to credit, it's also moderate demand. When demand is moderate, those smaller pros don't get the subcontracting jobs that they typically get. And what happens when there's high demand is that the large pros can't handle all the work that they get and so residual work kind of falls down to some of the smaller GCs in the marketplace. But when demand is moderate, and as Frank mentioned it's recovering, those larger pros can take those jobs and it meets their work schedules and their capacity. So we feel good about the moderate recovery, but until we see every pro in our demographic start to benefit, then we stay a little cautiously optimistic that it's recovering, but not fully.
Marvin R. Ellison: Yes, and Alan, to the service point that Frank made, our Net Promoter Score for the pro segment increased 453 basis points in the quarter. It's the largest improvement in service we have in the entire store. And when you dissect that service score into components, the most improved component is the speed of checkout and how the pros feel about our price and our product. So for us, we've asked a lot of questions. We spent a lot of time with these customers, both small and large, and we asked those customers what can we do to facilitate a better environment for them. And in the service in and out fast is important. The right products at the right price is important. And as Carol mentioned, I mean we feel really good about our credit offering. So we're just very hopeful that we'll continue to do these things and that business segment will continue to improve.
Marvin R. Ellison: And Michael, speaking as a guy that run the store and take the calls and e-mails from the stores, when we're now performing well in any part of the business, they were very pleased. If you look at the northern parts of the country, high-volume markets, accelerated spike sales, the supply chain did -- team did yeoman's work and we were very pleased with our ability to get products to the market, in some cases, before our competition. And we feel good about that. So we think that Mark and his team deserve a ton of credit for helping us to facilitate the sales that we were able to bring to the table.
Marvin R. Ellison: Matt, this is Marvin. I don't think we can overstate the importance of product coming from receiving to the sales floor versus in the overhead. Mark Holifield and his team and the supply chain, along with Marc Powers and the operations team, have really done a good job of partnering on the whole receiving and freight movement process. I mean if you follow The Home Depot for a while and just take a look at the overheads in our stores versus years past and what you'll see is a product where it needs to be and that's on the floor where we can sell it, our payroll is a lot more productive and we don't need to carry as much safety stock because of the supply chain improvements. So I think you take what Craig said, you think about the efficiencies on the supply chain and in the receiving and in-stock process and that's benefiting us as well.
Marvin R. Ellison: Peter, this is Marvin. It's no coincidence that the north and the northeast was very strong, really due to the ability of pros to get out and do jobs they typically would not be able to do this time of the year.
