Craig Menear: So, Michael, let me -- I’ll start off and then I’ll hand it over to Mark Holifield. First of all, the guidance that we’ve provided, obviously, does not include any guidance update for the situation. It’s a very fluid situation that we’re monitoring closely. And all of our goods for Q1 are essentially onshore or on their way. So we feel pretty good about that situation. And Mark, do you might want to provide an update on...
Craig Menear: Michael based on what we know today, we couldn’t say that there would be a hit. Again, the teams are working this day-to-day, as Mark said to the PO-to-PO, container-to-container. We’re also putting plans in place and mitigate any risk going forward.
Craig Menear: The objective of what we’re doing on the investments plan is to position ourselves to be able to continue to grow faster than the market. I think, some of the growth that we saw in years past was a result of an accelerated recovery from a very difficult spot. What we’ve always focused on is how do we balance ticket and transactions, and that’s really where our focus is and the market will determine what level is that.
Craig Menear: Yeah. I think, again, we look for kind of balance in that will be perfect one way or another no, but we would look for balance.
Craig Menear: First of all, our investments are targeted for all the above that you just rolled out, probably, we think MRO you think consumer, our intent is to grow in all of those spaces. And but what we’re really trying to set ourselves up to do in the investment is to be able to position Home Depot to grow faster than the market growth on a consistent basis no matter what that environment is. That’s really what we’re trying to get done.
Craig Menear: I mean, the supply chain is a part of the overall component. As we’ve shared with you, we have investments that span across our business, whether that’s an investment in the store, whether that’s investments in the digital world, in our marketing elements and our product development, as well as the supply chain. And we’ll see the -- as we put more and more of these capabilities in place as a supply chain continues to expand. As we open more facilities in ‘21 and ‘22, the bulk of those we’ll see that continue to grow as you put more capabilities against market.
Craig Menear: Well, thank you, Chuck. So we don’t provide quarterly guidance, but we would say that 2020 we will see are relatively evenly spread across the two half of the year with respect to the comp sales. And with respect to what we’ve seen so far in 2020, our guidance is based on the best information we have of the moment and so our results today are consistent with that guidance.
Craig Menear: Shrink was consistent with what we have observed through the year and we are taking steps to address that in 2020 as we discussed. We had some great benefit as we’ve had all year from some of the supply chain investments we’re making and productivity supply chain, but shrink was consistent.
Craig Menear: And I -- one comment, I guess, people have always tried to think about our business as it relates to interest rates, just so we have never been able to correlate sales to interest rates. So that doesn’t come into our thinking as a result.
Craig Menear: It’s a fair statement. We -- and certainly, we’ve seen some of the indicators in very recent in the very recent time period, pick up a bit, but we’re not going to adjust guidance based on short-term fluctuations or observations in housing. We think housing is healthy and stable. It’s going to continue to provide positive support for business.
Craig Menear: Yeah. It was it was roughly a 35 basis points shift those ways, so it hurt Q3 about 35, it shifted that to Q4 by 35.
Craig Menear: No. It’s really just a reflection of outperformance in Q4 and sort of rounding up to a 14.4% rather than, than our expectations around 2020, which has not changed. But with great execution across the business from sales to gross margins to operating expense, it was a team effort and we’re proud of the results we deliver.
Craig Menear: Look, we continue to drive engagement with the Pros that we’ve on-boarded to the B2B website. We like what we see as those Pros accelerate their engagement and -- but again, it -- we are also, as I mentioned before, we’re building a complete ecosystem around the Pro. The B2B website is one portion of that experience but encompasses all the things that I laid out before.
Craig Menear: Well, I think, as we shared in December that, we would continue to see the investments have a payback as we move forward and that is what we’re seeing. I think the quarter in particular, as Ted called, was a combination of the strength that we see in terms of the events that we put in place, the product offering that we brought to the market, the continued development of our initiatives. It’s all those things coming together that actually delivered on this quarter. So, yeah, we’re pleased with the continued growth that we see in the initiatives. But at the same time, really proud of the team, the execution by our stores was outstanding. The supply chain team did a great job. Our suppliers gave us outstanding products and values. And the customer’s ability to start that shopping experience in the digital world and research product and/or purchase product there, all of that is leading to the kind of performance that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Craig Menear: I think as we shared in December, we’re in the process of implementing our initiatives to mitigate the impact from shrink. It will take time for us to actually realize the benefit as that flows through the P&L because we basically do the inventory in the stores once a while.
Craig Menear: Well, there is, and as we had outlined in December, and if you think about the walk to the 14.0% guidance. You start with the fact that we’re going to generate operating expense leverage on a business as usual basis, sort of underlying everything. But then recall, this is the peak year of investment of our three year investment program. So that will put pressure on margin. And then we see the impact from shrink, which is we said, we’re taking steps to address and also from mix, but the mixed pressure is a good pressure. This is the pressure that reflects the fact that we’re taking share in categories, like appliances like power tools, like outdoor power. And so, while we do think that there is mix pressure there, our objective is to grow incremental market share, incremental sales and incremental operating profit dollars and we do that through attacking our market opportunities in front of us.
Craig Menear: We’re excited about our e-commerce business as part of a whole interconnected retail strategy. We believe that the front door of our store is not on the customer’s pocket, it’s on the job site that most of our customer shopping experience actually starts in the digital world even if it finishes in the physical world. As Ted has talked about, we have expanded our assortment into more categories online around the home. We think that is a continued opportunity as customers have shared with us that they believe that we can bring great value in these home categories and they trust us to bring that value. So we think that our digital business continues to be an engine for growth, both in the digital world and in the physical world.
Craig Menear: And I’d say an opportunity to keep growing. There’s still lots of participants regional, super regionals, even mom and pop furniture stores that have clients offering. So we think there’s still lots of share out there. I mean, clearly, Shears had been a donor over the years and very markedly diminished store base. But we still see just a huge market that we’ve had a disruptive attitude in this space for a long time and that’s continuing to pay dividends as we picture.
Richard McPhail: Yes. So, I’d say we have some opportunity areas that we’ve invested in to continue to grow that is accelerated our ticket growth largely being we put significant investment in appliances, that has paid back in a in a very big way in terms of the accelerated growth we’ve seen in that business. Same thing would hold true for what Ted referenced as it relates to the lithium technology and the average ticket growth, we’ve seen power tools and now in outdoor power equipment. So I think there is some innovation and investment factors that have helped drive ticket maybe even above and beyond as we took share in those categories. But we look pretty pleased with the consistency of our traffic growth over time. And like, I said, we’ll work to balance traffic and ticket we always want to make sure there’s a reasonable balance there.
Richard McPhail: Sure. Simeon, this is Richard. So from a housing perspective, all housing indicators wind up really sort of where we expected them. And so we don’t think that that had any material impact on our business. You mentioned December, there’s a little bit of a timing shift there in the calendar from November to December. But, overall, it was really the strong execution across the quarter and Ted maybe you want to go a little bit more into the strength of the quarter.
Richard McPhail: Yeah. Sure. We stay consistent with our methodology providing sales guidance and if you look at the elements of that methodology from GDP assumptions to what we’re thinking with respect to support from housing to the expectation that we will continue to take share. None of the assumptions behind those elements has changed significantly since December and so that’s why we’re reconfirming that outlet.
Richard McPhail: No. Look, we are maintaining our policy of wanting to increase our dividend every year as we grow earnings. We’re not going to tie to a specific payout ratio. But I think that this year’s increase of 10% is a great example of our intention to continue increase the dividend and also reflection of our confidence in business.
Richard McPhail: First, we think about it in halves and we don’t provide specific half guidance. We’re looking in a relatively balanced year across the house.
Richard McPhail: I’d say, first of all, on regional variability, this past quarter was one of the narrowest we’ve seen in recent times and we don’t see any widespread variability. It’s really early to determine how the business plays out for the first half. We’ve always talked about this in terms of halves because anything can happen from a weather standpoint that could either accelerate or delay a spring and then you generally work to capture that in the first half. That’s really our approach. We’re not seeing anything that would have us any differently to that whatsoever.
Ted Decker: Yeah. I think, as I said in my comments, we like the balance of ticket and transaction, we certainly like the balance of consumer in Pro and our Pro was strong in Q4, but we really saw the engaged consumer in -- whether more discretionary categories and terrific artificial Christmas tree business, our gift center record sales and growth and our gift center and appliances, as I said, double-digit comps in appliances, it’s not always just a refrigerator that’s broken being replaced, it’s increasingly discretionary purchases. So we just saw a very strong consumer.
Ted Decker: Yeah. I think when we think about the Pro customer, we’re actually building an ecosystem for our Pro customer that encompasses product and brands and delivery and credit services and our digital capabilities would B2B tool rental and a whole lot more. Obviously, all of that coming together allows us to be able to service our Pro customers in a more holistic way and it allows us to continue to grow with larger more complex customers. And so, when we look at the Pro business and we think we’re in 15% to 17% range, and we’d love to see that the much more in line with consumer penetration of share that we have as we go forward, which is why we’re making these investments.
Ted Decker: Look, our general philosophy around capital allocation hasn’t changed at all in terms of, first and foremost, we’re going to invest what we need to enter the business to continue to position this business to win for the long-term. Then based on access cash, we look at whatever opportunities might exist out there and we are committed to increasing our dividend on an annualized basis as we grow earnings. And then we’ll continue to look for ways to return dollars to the shareholders down any other opportunities through share repurchase. So those are the fundamental basics that you know we hold true in this business. We still want to -- we do control ourselves to a percentage basis.
Ted Decker: We’ve piloted approaches. We feel very confident about those results, but we still learn as we go. We feel confident. And as Craig said, not only do you have the rollout, but you also have the actual recognition in the P&L, which is on a lag basis as we take inventories.
Ted Decker: Yes. I would say, first off, huge thank you for our combined merchandising finance supply chain global sourcing team as they’ve worked through this tariff issue all year and we put a lot of effort on it and the teams did an exceptional job that follows into the exclusions because that’s a whole body of work that, excuse me, you need to follow what’s being submitted and requested to be excluded and literally get it down to the skew identifier and then file all the requisite paperwork to get the approvals, that the massive body of work that the team is currently undertaking. And one big category, huge growth category for us that has been excluded now is luxury vinyl plank in the flooring business, that’s probably the single biggest one and we’re actively working to get that refund back from tariffs previously paid.
Ted Decker: There was some benefit, but ins and outs of the quarter, we still feel great about the overall performance.
Ted Decker: And it’s not a separate business. It is it is managed by our merchandising team, all one merchandising team, right? And so rather than think about a separate business, you have to think about as a capability.
