Carol Tomé: Well on the sales front, as you point out, it is early days but we’re very pleased with our sales through November. And on the gross margin front, the RDCs have been pretty much neutral to our gross margin performance this year; and as we look to 2011, and we’ll share more details with you at our investor conference, but as we look to 2011 we expect to see benefit from coming from the RDC.
Carol Tomé: Yeah well, it’s interesting. As we look at our private label credit card, we saw about a 300 basis point contraction in terms of the penetration of our private label card, dropping from about 26% last year to about 23% this year. And of that 300 basis point contraction, about 150 basis points was in the deferred financing fees; in other words, for any purchases over $299 where everyday we offer a deferred financing option. So what we are seeing is a change in how consumers are using credit, and we think a lot of it is a headset change because of the Card Act, which as you know, Matt, was enacted back in February. Before the Card Act, our everyday value proposition was if you spent $299 in our stores, it was no interest, no payments for six months. It’s now no interest, minimum payment. The customers are looking at that minimum payment and albeit it’s a small payment, but they’re looking at that minimum payment and saying hmm, I’m not sure that value proposition works for me anymore and so they’re switching out to bank cards, and we’ve seen an increase in our bank card penetration accordingly.  But if you step back from it, if you look at the savings rates in the country, you know that the savings rates now are over 4%, and historically the savings rates in the country were around 2%, so consumers have definitely deleveraged. We continue to look at our private label card as a way of driving sales. The approval rates for our card is north of 70%, so that’s pretty good. The average line that’s being approved is over $5,000. The average line for the existing cardholders is close to $6,000, but there’s only 25% utilization so it goes back to this sort of savings mentality that we see with consumers in our country. They’re just delevering.  So that’s a long-winded answer to your question but hopefully that’s helpful.
Carol Tomé: We see some of the pressures, surely, in our big ticket items like kitchens and appliances as a result of this lower penetration of the deferred financing. We will lap the Card Act in February.
Carol Tomé: Well, yes. The Durbin Amendment gives the right to the federal reserve to set the fee for debit cards, as I think you all will recall. And as we looked at it when the Durbin Amendment was passed as part of the Dodd-Frank bill, we modeled well, if the Fed follows what other countries like Australia or New Zealand have done, it should be a benefit for us in 2011 and we estimated it could be as much as $30 million. What we’re hearing, Gary, is that the Federal Reserve is struggling with how to go about this. So as we build our plans for next year, we’re not building any benefit in today because we need more clarity.
Carol Tomé: The way we’d like you to think about this is that we’ll buy back in the fourth quarter about what we bought back in the third.Alan Rifkin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you, Carol.
Carol Tomé: We’re going to give you a lot more color on our capital plan for our 2011 when we get together in December. Right now, we’re looking at a capital plan next year of around 1.3 billion, but I will tell you there’s $100 million of that, more or less, that’s unallocated at this point. So you can model it however you want.
Carol Tomé: And on the sales question, we were pleased with our performance in the third quarter, but Canada was softer than we had projected. Now, Canada relative to the competitors did very well, but relative to our plan was softer; and if you look to the fourth quarter, we know we’re up against tough comparisons so we’ve just tightened up our guidance accordingly.
Carol Tomé: We’re working through that model right now. We’ll give you a new D&A forecast for 2011 when we get together in December.
Carol Tomé: And as you know, our economic engine is driven by productivity and efficiency. And if you look at our return on invested capital up 250 basis points year on year to now 12%, our store deployment strategy is working. This year we’re opening seven stores; next year maybe 10. So we are going to continue to drive the productivity in our existing boxes.
Carol Tomé: Install business is a pretty small piece of our business. It’s less than 10%. And if we look at the performance in the third quarter, it was down just slightly.
Carol Tomé: Well, Frank used the choice word – stabilizing. Stabilized would be good; stabilizing—you know, we’re just early in the recovery, Peter, so we’re just watching the business pretty carefully. Obviously things are going in the right direction. We’re pretty opportunistic and we look at the interest rate environment, which is really attractive, of course; but our point of view is that interest rates will remain low for a long period of time, so there’s no hurry for us to go and lever up to buy back more shares. 
Carol Tomé: I’ve got it. Just a second here and I’ll give it to you. The net score was 71.6.Budd Bugatch – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Congratulations.
Frank Blake: Well I think, again, just as Carol said, I think we’re seeing some broader economic things. It’s how we track to GDP, unemployment, savings rate. The more general economic environment seems to be a better predictor.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Frank Blake: It’s a great question, Deborah, and we’ll be spending some time on that in December at our conference. HD.com is a very important part of our business. It’s not just—and you know, we really don’t—the sales part of it is obviously something we focus on but even more important, we know that customers—in some categories as much as 70% of our customers research the categories online before coming into the stores. We have a variety of things underway on our social media including our own Home Depot community now that we’re very proud of, where we’ve actually taken associates from our stores and they work for a couple of days online answering questions from associates on a how-to basis. We’re very pleased with the reaction to that. So yeah, it’s growing importance across our business, what we’d call interconnected retail – how we stitch all those things together from our bricks and mortar to the dot-com to the social media.
Frank Blake: So I’ll be honest. I’m not sure we have a very good way of dialing into that right now. I mean, it’s a great question but we really don’t have a metric that looks at, hey, this is a brand new customer and we feel confident that it’s a brand new customer.
Frank Blake: You know, I think it’s worth keeping in mind that our typical customer visits a Home Depot, what, four times a year. So every single visit is an opportunity to increase frequency and get the conversion. And Marvin, you might want to comment on that as well.
Frank Blake: So as we’ve said in the past, Deborah, a couple of comments on the pro. The first is we changed our way of measuring it, so as we would have previously measured it which would be on our credit card or sales through the pro desk, we’re seeing better than Company growth from the segment. As we got a more refined look at it, though, we actually saw that that pro customer shopping across the store, as measured by shopping behavior, was actually down and it looks to be—you know, we’re in the flattish range now. But it’s still not the engine of growth for us.
Frank Blake: Yeah, the last time we took a look at it, and we get the question enough that probably we ought to do a deep dive again, but the last time we looked at it we were about 25% driven by turnover, 25% that was strictly had to repair kind of spend, and then 50% that you’d put in the discretionary bucket. But the last time I want to say was kind of in 2006, and so odds are that 25% that was turnover relate has gone down significantly and the percentages would look quite different.
Frank Blake: It’s about 19 basis points of comp was impacted from copper, so copper was really the driver behind comp inflation in the third quarter, so a pretty significant ramp there.
Frank Blake: Traffic, clearly, for us has been the significant thing that’s happened over the last several quarters, is the growing traffic.
Frank Blake: Greg, I think when you look at—as I mentioned, when we look at our paint department, our hardware department, our plumbing, our electrical – kind of the core center of the store – we’ve continued to see improvement in those businesses as we’ve worked on them, and I think that’s the real foundational base that’s helping us drive the core business overall in the traffic growth.
Frank Blake: Again, we’ll have an opportunity to talk to you about this in December and give you—you know, every year is its own plan and, frankly, we want to be able to lay out for you in a coherent fashion what we see as our headwinds and issues and how we’re going to be addressing them in 2011.
Frank Blake: No, I wouldn’t put it that way, Michael. I’d say it’s more—and this is just, I mean, we have a theory of the case, and this is the theory of the case, is that if you look at some of the traditional guideposts in our market like housing turns, and you see that that doesn’t correlate as closely with our results anymore, a theory is as Carol was saying, that’s now such a small number overall that the larger economic forces are really the stronger driver on the correlation. But it doesn’t change our competitive set.
Frank Blake: No, that’s not really how we’re thinking about it. We’re working to drive, obviously, the basics around what the customer needs to maintain their homes and businesses, so that maintenance and repair is really, really important. But the customer still is doing the core updates; it’s just not at the rate that they were doing them before. And we focused a little bit on smaller projects – as I mentioned, our Vanity Insanity event, a great way for a customer to update the bathroom in their home. They’ll take on that project maybe before they take on a kitchen project. So we’re just making slight tweaks and adjustments as to how we’re going to market.
Frank Blake: So it’s stabilizing is the word. I think the way we think about our business is really driven off of the portfolio strategy, and there are areas that are important for us to continue dynamic, be the absolute destination and other areas that we deemphasize; but this isn’t, if I understood kind of the context of the question, it’s not like we’re saying okay, now. We’re all set – now let’s go launch a new effort in some other area. This is we’re going to keep doing what we’ve been doing and hopefully do it better and better.
