Frank Blake: I will let Carol comment on this as well but I would say what you see from us now and what I would expect to continue is that we use acquisitions really not as a supplement to sales growth but as a supplement to competences that we think are important to add to our capabilities and I would anticipate that that would be the case going forward. 
Frank Blake: So Aram we constantly think also about taking share and expanding categories in our store and improving the productivity of our store and we have actually been through quite a long period of not having growth in our market and we have some experience of being able to generate positive comp growth even in the flat to down housing market. 2010, 2011 were not friendly years in the housing market and we were positively confident. 
Frank Blake: So Eric again let Carol comment on some of the macro things that we’re seeing but I would also just prefix this by saying it's difficult to tease those conclusions out from a quarter where you’ve a lot of particularly unusual weather and some unusual overlaps for us. So as Carol mentioned in her comments we do see housing as a tailwind but not perhaps quite as much as it was in 2013 but again if you look just at the last quarter hard to tease out some of the specifics on that. 
Frank Blake: So Dennis, the Western division was our strongest performing division and that was the least impacted by weather. 
Frank Blake: Really, we don’t see any loss at this stage of the game. It’s very, very early obviously in the quarter and we are experiencing what maybe many ways of sales a more typical winter
Frank Blake: So Scot on the factors that we are concerned about Carol just went through a discussion on one of them that has been a long standing concern which is credit availability and indicated we’re starting to see some improvement there but that’s certainly been a key factor that we have watched in terms of the recovery of PFRI and whether it gets back to 4.6% that’s economist would tell you things have the tendency to revert to the mean but there are always exceptions to the rule. It will take us a while that’s exactly right. 
Frank Blake: That Scot plus the economy, I mean the underlying engine remains job growth, we need people to be getting jobs. We need GDP growing and then we have absorbed and more than absorbed I mean there is no overcapacity in the housing market. We’re actually down to a very, very low inventory level. So it really does come back if you have got the job growth, if you have got GDP growth then the other key factor to watch is the credit availability. 
Frank Blake: Yes so if you look at a rolling ’12 basis we were up roughly 35 basis points to 26.5% based on the NYSE data and when we look at third party data that tracks consumer only spending we were up in roughly 10 out of 22 key classes or departments if you will. So 10 departments 22 classes. So we feel good about the fact that we’re continuing to grow share. 
Frank Blake: When we look at the most recent quarter it shows based on again third party tracking that we have picked up about a 180 basis points of share in the quarter and that compares to about a 170 basis points on a rolling 12 which would be over the four quarters obviously. 
Frank Blake: Okay. Jaime, on the Canadian and Mexican business, first comment on Mexico, as I said, Mexico has now had 41 quarters in a row of positive comp growth. This year that performance, I mean, we say that and we sort of don’t spend a lot of time dwelling on that, but this year that performance was really pretty extraordinary in the context of what was happening in the Mexican economy, which went through a significant adjustment and a significant adjustment that was centered very much around changes in housing policy. So we are very pleased with how our business not only has historically performed, but performed this year again positively comping in a difficult environment. Then on Canada, Canada adjusting for FX had a stronger comp growth in the fourth quarter than the company average. Again, we are very pleased with how our Canadian business is doing. We feel like we are well-positioned in that competitive environment and that’s been positively comping really for the last several quarters in a row there. 
Frank Blake: As it relates to December, let me address that first, we had, as I mentioned in my comments, we had a record setting Black Friday. We had great gift center sales that exceeded our plans. Events were a strong part of December sales overall. And we had a terrific season as it related to our decorative holiday and wild trees. And so we are very, very pleased with the performance and the programs that our merchants put together and while our stores took that and drove and our associates just did an excellent job. When you look at January, certainly as you would expect, with some of the weather impacts and partially the contrary, we saw a little bit of softening in the more discretionary spend categories in that month and certainly that was a factor. So the mix of sales changed in the month of January. 
Frank Blake: Yes, Greg. We are not going to get into the specific details around take up other than to say it was consistent with what we planned for. 
Frank Blake: It's an interesting question. We were just talking about that question amongst ourselves and interestingly historically for us housing turnover has not been that great a predicator of our sales. If you go back over time and so I’m not sure that the way the housing market will play out for us that as price appreciation slows down the correlation will shift to another element of the market. 
Frank Blake: Michael that totally depends actually no win-spring breaks. So I would suspect there are and I can look at my own yard. There are people who have right now in needs [ph] but depending on when the spring breaks will depend on what that duration time is between the recognition of the need and the action to make it happen. 
Frank Blake: As I said, Gary, the performance of our Canadian business very, very pleased with it. And our Canadian business is doing well in an environment where our competitors, Rona and some others are having great difficulty. So we expect continued success there, frankly regardless of the currency. 
Frank Blake: So we actually plan our year based on growth for both transactions as well as ticket and we plan that roughly equal. And if you look at the year, we are pretty close to that in terms of it was pretty balanced between tickets and transactions. 
Frank Blake: No, I think is if we see the continued recovery, I think the opportunity there driven by continuing pro-business, driven by customers taking on larger projects if their home values continue to hold, I think we could expect to see the bigger ticket continue to grow. 
Carol Tome: Yes indeed Aram we have got a filter that looks at opportunities for growth through acquisitions just in that light, how can they enable our existing business. So if you look at Blinds.com the most recent acquisition that we made are not only are we getting a terrific online configurator one that’s much better than what we have we’re also getting a another [ph] call center and these people know how to close sales. This is enabling business of ours that we think has huge growth potential. 
Carol Tome: As we look at the macro we think housing will be a contributor to our growth next year, we’re about 200 basis points. We think it contributed about 250 basis points in 2013. Biggest driver is home price appreciation. And in last years, home prices were up double-digit, we are not forecasting that. In 2014, we think they will be up around 6%. Now, home prices have 21% to go before they return to peak some preference to conservative outlook, but we think it’s a realistic outlook to build a plan on. One comment I might say about the consumer and Craig maybe you want to jump in on this is that as we look at sales against opening price points of good, better, best, all the way to premium, we have seen growth in premium priced products in all four quarters including this last quarter. So it doesn’t really seem to us I think a change in the consumer, I mean, there (indiscernible) of other disruptions for sure, but it doesn’t really seem like there is a change in the consumer. 
Carol Tome: Sure. Well, you remember that we were anniversary-ing strong sales from Hurricane Sandy. We had about $235 million of sales that we had anniversary-ied. Nonetheless, we built a plan that had our building materials department growing year-on-year. And as Craig pointed out, it didn’t grow year-on-year. And that’s a good news from a margin perspective, because we had a benefit from a lower penetration of a lower margin category. So that was one big change. The other change is the purchasing peers that we hit in certain categories and this is just a function of demand. So we had new purchasing tiers for refrigeration, installation, plumbing repair, we hadn’t planned on that and that gave us higher co-op and rebate. 
Carol Tome: Yes. We thought all along that credit availability was the big driver of the housing recovery and the shape of the recovery curve. We are very encouraged by what we have seen at Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo has announced that they are taking the FICO scores for FHA loans, down from what was 640 to now 600. We think that will be very good particularly for those new households who are buying their first home, that also is a good new story when you think about the affordability curve, because if you look at an affordability zone, mortgages that are $100,000 mortgage and this would be a great mortgage for an FHA loan that stays in the affordability zone until mortgage rates reach 9%. So we are encouraged by this. So we also hear that other lenders are starting to discuss loosening up, it’s still a very tight environment, make no mistake, but there are encouraging signs. 
Carol Tome: The other thing I would just point out Scot that we’re looking at is household information, (indiscernible) was pretty weak but when you think about whether was it so weak and goes back to credit availability. So we need to get those millennial into a home and again really happy with what we’re seeing at Wells Fargo. 
Carol Tome: Seth if you work for a financial institution and you took billions of dollars of losses you’re in an interest rate environment that is so low it's hard to make a book. I mean it is going to be shy and you’re going to very cautious in terms of underwriting. I would imagine and this is like financial institutions will tell us. So while there is, it's a better environment to lend into and I suspect that’s why banks are starting to signal that they are willing to change and that’s a tough road for those folks. 
Carol Tome: We don’t like to use weather as an excuse, but we think we probably lost $100 million in the month of January. Atlanta was frozen for (indiscernible)…. 
Carol Tome: The guidance didn’t change. Our HR team has done a fabulous job of working through ways to mitigate any cost pressures that may come at us by re-bidding out placement services, plan redesigns. So we are providing insurance for our associates and taking care of our shareholders at the same time. 
Carol Tome: So just a couple of data points for you, I find this to be very interesting. If you look at the correlation between housing turnover and home improvement sales between 2000 and 2013. You’ve got a high R squared something like 0.7. If you look at it from the puree of 2010 to 2013, the R squared is 0.3. So the housing market is changing, it's a good way to explain but not necessarily good way to predict. 
Carol Tome: Well today we’re planning $5 billion using excess cash and to your point we’re not at our max target of two time’s adjusted debt to EBITDA. Today we would have about $1.9 billion of borrowing availability if we were to leverage up to that target and we don’t have any plans to do that right now. We raised a whole lot of debt last year and it's always a good idea to let some time lapse before you go back to the market. Just got have excellent execution. 
Carol Tome: I have asked you to think about commodities. In 2013, we enjoyed commodity inflation, not thinking that’s going to happen this year. In fact, we are going to have some pressure from commodity price deflation. So that would be one driver. The other driver as you know is that we rolled out our extended clients’ assortment to many of our stores, looking at 500 stores. So we will be lapping it against that. So that’s just a little bit of headwinds on us. 
Carol Tome: Well, as Craig pointed out, pursuant to the NYEX definition, we enjoyed share appreciation in 2013 about 35 basis points of share appreciation. We still tend to build the plan based on share capture, that doesn’t mean Gary that we won’t do everything to get that share capture and take care of our customers. So we don’t tend to plan for that. 
Carol Tome: And from a shape of the year perceptive, I think the growth has been heavier in the back half than the first half, because we are still anniversary-ing from Sandy storms. In Q1, we have had about $150 million more or less in Q1 and Q2 was an outstanding year for us. So I think if we are trying to build a model that way, Keith, that’s how I would build this. 
Carol Tome: Well, couple of things about the profitability of our dot com business, first, year-on-year was much more profitable this year than last year, which is a good news story. And as we think about 2014 and beyond, we factored into our guidance the impact of a dot com business that’s growing faster than the core, because to your point it is. 
Carol Tome: Sure if you think of the drivers of housing that most impacted our business we do believe home prices will appreciate in 2014 but at half the rate they appreciated in 2013. So that is a year-over-year change. In terms of turnover we think the turnover as a percentage of units will be about 4% for that down slightly from 2013. All of this is a directionally correct but in place model, we’re taking all the data that we can Alan and we come up with our point of view on what the business will do. 
Craig Menear: No, not at all. And as Carol mentioned, we are seeing to grow opportunity going up the line structure. And I think the other comment would be that over the past few quarters we have shared that our pro-business has been recovering. So you are seeing growth across categories like lumber and building materials that historically during the downturn weren’t as strong. 
Craig Menear: From a pro perspective, Frank mentioned our program we launched Pro Xtra, which we are excited about, we are signing up 10,000 customers per week and so great momentum there. And also we are pleased with our mobile app in pro just allowing us to really help our pros run a better business, leverage some of our online tools and connect our pro both virtually and in our brick-and-mortar locations. So in addition to that, we are going to continue to be aggressive on conventional means of advertising like radio, which really resonates well with our pros, but at the end of the day for pros, it’s about a couple of fundamental things and that is convenience, our great service they get in and out fast and value, and we are going to focus on those three things as well. 
Craig Menear: We don’t think that does anything to our being in the crosshairs. We first of acquisition like Blinds.com as Carol said the explanation for it is the competences that it brings internally to allow us to better compete in interconnected retail but we imagine that pretty much everybody out there with an internet only offering that relates to home improvement already has a target on us. 
