Lance M. Fritz: Good morning, everybody. And welcome to the Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call, with me here today in Omaha, are Beth Whited, our Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, our Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.2 billion for the third quarter of 2017. This equates to $1.50 per share, which is up 10% over last year. Total volume decreased 1% in the quarter compared to 2016. Carload volume decreased in four of our six commodity groups, driven primarily by a 10% decrease and agricultural products and associated grain carloadings. Partially offsetting this volume was a 15% increase in industrial products, with particular strength in frac sand shipments. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 62.8%, which was up 0.7 points from the third quarter of 2016. During the quarter, our company faced the unprecedented challenge of Hurricane Harvey. I want to thank the men and women of Union Pacific who worked tirelessly and heroically to quickly and safely to restore our network and our operations from the storm and the related flooding. Given these challenges, I'm pleased with our results, and look forward to continuing to build on the foundation provided by our six-track value strategy. Our team will give you more of the details on the third quarter, starting with Beth.
Lance M. Fritz: Thanks, Rob, and thank you, Mary. That was a great tribute. Closing out, for the last few months of the year, we expect our business to be similar to this past quarter, with year-over-year challenges in coal and automotive somewhat offset by strength in other areas such as industrial products. As the economy continues to ebb and flow, we will focus on executing our value strategy. We'll use innovation to enhance our customer experience, while continuing to drive resource productivity throughout the organization as we progress our G55 + 0 initiatives. Looking ahead to 2018, our engaged team is laser focused on building on our recent success. Our goal is to continue creating long-term enterprise value for all four of our stakeholders as we improve our top line and progress toward our margin improvement targets. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, absolutely. We would love to see some growth to help us leverage. But in the absence of it, we'll continue to generate productivity.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. So I'll start with fourth quarter looking like third quarter. That was largely right. You take the unusual items out, we expect continued robust productivity. We talked about slightly positive volumes. And so the environment, as we see the fourth quarter, looks about like the third quarter. Rob, you want to talk about...
Lance M. Fritz: Hey, Tom. This is Lance. I'll start by kind of sharing our overall perspective and then let Beth fill in some blanks. So overall as we look into 2018, we are somewhat optimistic, right? There's a number of markers that look promising. One is the truck market; it is becoming kind of consensus knowledge that truck capacity might very well tighten, the ELD will have an impact of some kind, and that's a good environment. That's good for us when that occurs. It feels to us like the overall economy continues to move along. I'd like to see it accelerate a bit. But consumers feel, to us, like they are buying stuff at a reasonable pace not a kind of a pre-recession normal pace yet. I think that'll show up in housing starts. So there's a number of relatively positive things. There's some continued headwinds, though, as well, right? Coal remains somewhat of a question mark. What exactly happens in the grain markets, and the worldwide feed and grain markets are still somewhat of a question mark. And of course we continue to face a robust competitive environment, notwithstanding that that environment, at its base level, looks like it's improving.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, thanks Justin. This is Lance. Taking at a very high level, historically, and we still believe this, we've talked about a very large addressable truck market. Our current product today takes us comfortably down into a market where, if the length of haul is 500 miles-plus, it's an opportunity for us. And there's lots and lots of truckload capability there. What we're focused on is making sure that the experience with us in that journey of shipping product feels as good, if not better, than it feels all along the way with truck. I'll let Beth talk more specifically to the opportunities within that market.
Lance M. Fritz: The good news is – and Rob talked about this – our franchise is built for the long run and overall global economic growth for the long run. So you get that beautiful chemical franchise on the Gulf Coast and it'll start out producing and shipping at certain quantity and certain direction, but really, who can make the call over the course of the next 10 or 20 or 30 years, other than we're pretty confident consumption is going to increase worldwide and we've got a wonderful franchise to be able to ship it.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, Fadi, without getting into the details, we've outlined the moving parts this morning, so we're going to have pretty substantial reduction in our general and administrative overhead, which we've already talked about. Then as we look at how we react to volume, it's the moving pieces of what we can do on productivity, so that we're not growing our head count one-to-one with volume growth. That's our intent year-over-year, it's what we've been able to do and we're going to continue to do that next year.
Lance M. Fritz: Thanks for the question, Brandon. I'll start backwards and go forwards in the question. We are not capped as either an industrial production growth rate, a GDP growth rate. When you think about our ability to grow, we're not behaving in a vacuum. So part of the equation is how our franchise lays what's happening in the underlying economies that we serve. So fundamentally, our growth is built on global trade, industrial production, the industrial economy, and U.S. consumption of stuff. And in that context, then, we face competition, either modal competition or direct rail competition. So when I build that model in my mind, when I'm setting my own expectations, I feel pretty optimistic about how our network lands on areas of potential growth. We serve Mexico; we enjoy virtually 70% of the to and from freight rail business with Mexico. Virtually 40% of our business is originated or terminated outside the United States. We serve very large population and growing population centers in the western two-thirds of the United States. And we touch a lot of different pieces of the economy. So from a potential perspective, I feel pretty good about it. After that, it's all about can we find a business that's reinvestable and secure it in the competitive environment. And that's always a wild card and we're always positioning ourselves to be the high value, best option with our customers, and we're going to continue to do that. But to your point, Brandon, nothing would please me more than to see a really strong, robust growth environment because we know how to leverage that very, very effectively.
Lance M. Fritz: Cherilyn, that's something we don't talk a lot about but that's a manifestation of – kind of a granular manifestation of the value of having the franchise that we do is that we have a lot of exposure to match-back opportunities for West Coast exports, and that can be a real value-add for our international steamship partners.
Lance M. Fritz: Recall, David, that we've got those two branded box programs, one each with each of our good partners in the east, the NS and the CSX, and they are both robust potential growths engines.
Lance M. Fritz: And one thing, David, I heard you say that I want to make sure we don't leave you with this impression, and that is all the potential growth is happening in areas where we've got excess capacity. We do have excess capacity in parts of our network, but clearly there are other parts like down in Texas where the capacity is much more constrained.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, Rob's got it right from the standpoint of long term, we're comfortable with where we've guided.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, so Scott, I'll take your first question about productivity targets. We have not changed our productivity targets. This decrease in our overhauled general and administrative head count is going to be absorbed into those. Our communication with you and our drive amongst ourselves has always been we've set out our marker and we're doing everything in our power to get and accelerate productivity, as well as growth, as well as price, so that we can meet or exceed the markers that we've laid out. And in terms of this particular action, reducing our overall head count by 800 plus or minus in this one action, clearly, I don't think that we're going to be taking that kind of action over and over and over again. Candidly, it's something we'd prefer not to do if we don't need to. But I would say that we have many granular projects inside of Grow to 55 and 0 [G55 + 0] that have anywhere between some relatively small impact to some relatively large impact that we're pursuing. And that will inform how much productivity we build into our plans in 2018 and beyond.
Lance M. Fritz: Interchanges with other carriers look very fluid across the network, up and down the Mississippi. No issues there. Our own velocity was greatly impacted by Hurricane Harvey. In fact, it's one of the larger events that our network has suffered from a weather perspective. The opportunity looking towards 2018 lies in our train crews becoming more familiar with the PTC technology that we've rolled out, both on the west and the northern region, and we feel that that is something that we can tackle internally. It's not a technology problem, it's our crews becoming more proficient at using the technology.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. So let's just walk you around real quick. The major east-west line from the Pacific Northwest, California, NorCal that runs through Wyoming and on into Chicago; in the Wyoming, Nebraska, Iowa, Chicago areas, we've got a lot of capacity there. It was built up for our coal business, and our coal business is about half of what it used to be. If you're over on the West Coast, West Coast has good solid open capacity. We'd love to use that for more shipments up and down the I-5 and growth in Las Vegas, the SoCal area and Phoenix. When you move over down towards Texas, and let's say north-south between Chicago and Texas, and just next Texas and Louisiana themselves, the north-south routes have good solid capacity availability. We still have capacity in certain routes in Texas and Louisiana, but that's the area where when we're focusing on new capacity, when we're focusing on significant capital spend, it is likely to occur there.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. And I think in international intermodal, which it felt like part of your question was towards, that tends to be long-term contracts.
Lance M. Fritz: Hey, Brian. Giving you a little kind of color on that velocity number that Cam just shared. That's a very loosey-goosey number, right. We try to parse that together as best we can. It's kind of hard to tease that out specifically. Leave it said that it's a real impact and the most important thing that Cameron has in front of him is we believe the impact is all about crew behavior. So in your mind's eye, if you think about this, there's a screen in front of the crew and inside the PTC system, pretty much all it does is warn you when it's thinking you're going to need to take action. So half the time, the screen is flashing at you a warning, and I think human behavior is to not have the screen tell you about a warning. That's a little bit of a design issue that I think the overall industry is going to have to get into, because that drives behavior then to be more cautious than necessary, and that then retards the overall velocity on the system. So it's a pretty complex number of moving parts, it's hard to say exactly what the impact that is. But Cameron's given you a general idea of it is impactful and we've got to route forward to address it.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, we continue to grow through that gateway over the long run. We are familiar with all competitive products. And we understand, to our chagrin, we're not going to be able to handle every single carload that is made available to and from Mexico, but we are very pleased with our partners and our products and we're doing everything in our power to profitably grow those products.
Lance M. Fritz: Thanks for the question, Diane. Not surprisingly, I'm not going to be able to make too many specific comments on either the negotiation or this specific tentative agreement. I will tell you that tentative agreement is in industry with about 60% of the industries collectively bargained employment population, and it is out for ratification, as we speak.
Lance M. Fritz: Well, we don't have a specific timeline for it. All I can tell is you that each committee has to ratify vote, and once that's accomplished, then we can call it a done deal and start implementing. I think that's the detail I can give you.
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you very much, Rob. For the last few months of the year, we expect our business to be similar to this past quarter, with year-over-year challenges in coal and automotive, somewhat offset by strength in other areas such as industrial products. As the economy continues to ebb and flow, we're going to focus on executing our value strategy. We'll use innovation to enhance our customer experience, while continuing to drive resource productivity throughout the organization as we progress our Grow to 55 and Zero initiatives. As we look ahead to 2018, our engage team is laser focused on building upon our recent success.
Lance M. Fritz: And with that, thanks, and we look forward to the next time we have an opportunity to speak with you.
Cameron A. Scott: Thanks, Beth, and good morning. Starting with safety performance, our reportable personal injury rate was 0.78, almost even with the year-to-date record of 0.77 achieved in 2016. Although we continue generating near-record safety results, we won't be satisfied until we reach our goal of zero incidents, getting every one of our employees home safely at the end of each day. With regards to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our reportable rate improved 5% to 2.97. And in public safety, our grade crossing incident rate improved 1% versus the 2016 to 2.52, as we remain focused on improving crossings where we can impact public safety the most. Moving on to network performance, as reported to the AAR, velocity declined 2% when compared to the third quarter of 2016. As Lance mentioned, we faced a particularly tough challenge in the quarter, dealing with the impact of Hurricane Harvey. The record-setting rains negatively impacted Gulf Coast operations and our network fluidity system wide. In the aftermath of the storm, over 1,700 miles of track were out of service, and more than 2,400 route miles were affected. The team showed tremendous dedication as they worked extremely hard around the clock restoring operations back to normal in only 10 days. Continued implementation and testing of PTC across a growing number of routes in our network also negatively impacted velocity during the quarter. Terminal dwell increased 7% compared to last year. Whereas the effect of the hurricane did contribute to the increase during the quarter, we also see opportunities to improve car connections within our transportation plan. Looking at our resources, all in, our total operating workforce was down nearly 550 employees in the quarter when compared to last year. Our engineering and mechanical workforce was down more than 800 employees, driven primarily by fewer employees required on capital projects as a result of the productivity initiatives implemented during our G55 + 0 efforts. While our TE&Y workforce, excluding those in training, declined with volume during the quarter, our overall TE&Y workforce increased as we began to refill the training pipeline. As always, we will continue to adjust our resources as volume and network performance dictate. Despite the challenges experienced during the quarter, the team has remained focused on generating solid productivity results. We achieved best ever train size performance in our grain and manifest categories during the third quarter, marking the ninth consecutive quarter of best ever performance in our manifest network. The team also achieved third quarter records in our automotive, intermodal and coal categories. We were also able to generate productivity gains within our terminals as cars switched per employee day increased 3% during the third quarter. To wrap up, looking forward, we will continue fine tuning our safety strategy to generate positive results year-over-year. And while we have made solid operating productivity gains throughout the year, our progress is far from over. Ultimately, running a safe, reliable, and efficient railroad creates an excellent customer experience and increases returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron A. Scott: Inside our terminals, volume remains very predictable and very stable, and that allows you to really bear down on the productivity inside each and every terminal. So that looks very positive as you think about the year 2018. The only area of growth that we see where we might struggle a little bit is out in West Texas, as Beth mentioned. The rest of the network looks very positive.
Cameron A. Scott: The velocity impact is somewhere between half mile an hour and mile an hour right now as we see it, because we have rolled out completely on the west and on the north. The vast majority of that opportunity lies within the training and familiarity of the technology with our crews, so it is something we can address. Ahead of us is the southern region implementation in 2018. We see no issues with meeting all the federal requirements in that year. And we'll continue to problem solve the technology when we run into areas that need a technology patch to solidify the whole PTC system.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Chris, we are optimistic that the trucking tightening that we're seeing right now and what may come with the ELD implementation is going to provide an environment where we'll have an opportunity for pricing as well as some volume growth. But at the same time, we still do see that other things that will impact us will be other competitive modes of transportation, what's going on with economic demand, et cetera. As you know, we're still very committed to ensuring that we have pricing in place that offsets our inflation.
Elizabeth F. Whited: And certainly coal is more of a rail-to-rail competition than truck. There's not as much truck activity in that segment. And so we'll continue to price into that environment, ensuring that we're reinvestable and getting the kind of returns that we want. On the intermodal side, I agree with your assessment. There's lots of different competitors in that space, trucks and rail, IMCs, et cetera, and the tightening of trucks should provide a tailwind, but we are also continuing to keep an eye on what's happening with our competitors in that market space. And at this point, we're pretty hopeful that we're going to see the ability to get additional pricing and volume.
Elizabeth F. Whited: If you want to talk a little bit more specifically about a few markets we're pretty excited about, we continue to feel good about our ability to grow the new Cold Connect platform that we have, focused on food and refrigerated products. Mexico remains a great opportunity for us. There's certainly uncertainty around what happens with NAFTA, but we believe that market is a growth opportunity for us across a variety of submarkets. And, of course, the plastics expansions will give us some opportunities in 2018 and beyond. Frac sand, as you called out, may have some headwinds, but we view it as there's more than one place that oil is being drilled for in the United States and certainly in the Permian, you're going to see some in-basin sand come online, but we do view the entire pie for frac sand as growing. And we think that we have opportunities in other places like the Eagle Ford and Oklahoma, possibly in the Front Range as well for frac sand shipments. So I think we feel pretty good about some potential there. And if we see housing really go up, that would be a great opportunity for us.
Elizabeth F. Whited: We're kind of typically in around a two-thirds under contract or under letter quote environment with more of a one-third that's quoting on either a spot basis or a tariff basis.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, so we do believe that the intermodal market, and possibly even conversion into boxcar off the highway is a big opportunity for us, and our focus is really on taking advantage of our great franchise where we offer intermodal service in many more lanes than our direct competitor, which we think gives us opportunities to grow at a decent pace as the market turns our way with truck capacity tightening.
Elizabeth F. Whited: So there are, as you know, close to $200 billion that have been put into the Gulf Coast chemical franchise to grow mostly plastics, although there are industrial chemicals investments happening as well. And while that is a very substantial investment and a wonderful opportunity for us, it certainly isn't the size of some of our other markets. We would hope to see growth in those markets in the tens of thousands of carloads, not in the hundreds of thousands of carloads. And some of the things that'll be a governor for us is not all of that plastics in particular is going to want to move domestically. A lot of it will have an export solution. A lot of it will go out of the Port of Houston, but we will do our best to participate in providing our customers with supply chain solutions, should they not be able to use the Port of Houston because of capacity constraints and want to use a West Coast port where we've developed an opportunity to do that near our Dallas Intermodal facility.
Elizabeth F. Whited: We have maybe seen a little bit of easing in the competitive pressure, but it's not substantial. We're still – I would say that we're getting good pricing, and I think Rob referenced that, outside of those two markets. That's more like a 3%, so that's helping us to continue to put up good pricing numbers.
Elizabeth F. Whited: I would say I believe we are seeing the volume. Last year we still had some Hanjin loads which, of course, they went away and their volume kind of dispersed across the other carriers. So if you took the Hanjin impact out, where we are sitting at a 1%, but if you took that Hanjin out of the comparison, we'd be at 5%, which is pretty commensurate with what's actually happening in the market.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, it is – scrap paper is a portion of the back haul traffic and it is, I'd call it, a mild concern. We are pretty actively looking for other match-back opportunities and we've implemented some programs with our customers to – and with the steamship lines to use their containers for domestic loads in places where we might not have domestic containers, which doesn't give them a match-back all the way to China, but it might give them a match-back to the West Coast. So we're pretty focused on helping them fill that gap and being good partners in that regard.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, so we continue to be very bullish on the opportunity that intermodal provides domestically for Union Pacific over the long term. And we are unique, as you've described, with our two box programs and the ability to bringing assets to bear and help customers meet their supply chain needs. So we are very focused on – we're always looking at opportunities to get into new markets, provide new services, provide stronger value proposition to customers, and with that, we work across all the channel partners. We see very strong parcel growth this year. But as you say, the overall domestic has been a little weaker, and that's really been more of a competitive pricing situation. And we are and will continue to be focused on yields. We believe that with the tightening of the truck capacity, that's going to open up some opportunities for us. You said a little bit about the CSX's changes in their intermodal network. At this point, I think they're rationalizing some lanes that are local to them that maybe don't make as much sense for them to stay in. And we're just staying in real close communication to make sure that we preserve the viability of that UMAX product and put it in a position where it can grow as we have opportunities.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Well, I don't think we've ever provided exactly what the percentage is of Permian, but we have a good-sized book of business into the Permian as well as the Eagle Ford, smaller books of business into Oklahoma and the DJ Basin sort of area. And off the top of my head, I couldn't even give you the percentages if I had to. But what I would say is they all provide some growth opportunities. Permian will certainly be challenged by in-basin sand coming on that's of a certain mesh type. We do believe there will be opportunities to continue to bring some of the coarser meshes in from the Wisconsin and Minnesota range and continue to compete in Permian. And I would say the Permian overall pie, I think, is still going to continue to grow even with in-basin sand coming on. So we'll certainly be looking to grow there, but we'll be looking to grow in Eagle Ford, Oklahoma, and Colorado as well. And as far as lowering rates to try to compete with local sand, that's a pretty tough proposition. And I think we're always going to stay very focused on being reinvestable and getting a good yield for the assets that we're employing.
Elizabeth F. Whited: I think the whole Permian sand consumption is up next year. It remains to be seen how much of that will get filled with local sand versus sand coming in from another location.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Well, we don't typically give a lot of color on specific contractual arrangements with customers, but I would say that we have opportunities out there, most of the bid process for domestic intermodal happens in the spring time, as you know, as they go out to bid for their whole books with beneficial cargo owners. So if truck capacity remains tight and maybe even tightens with ELD, certainly we would hope to see some opportunity to address pricing in that bid period. And we are very hopeful that our long-term partners are able to get pricing in their markets and that that will flow to us as well. And additionally, we really, really would like to see the volume growth along with it.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, we did get this one earlier and so I'll give you the same answer, which is that we see typically that our business is about two-thirds contracted and then about one-third moving in any particular year.
Robert M. Knight: Yeah, Chris, as you know, as part of our G55 + 0 initiative, we're all about continuing to drive robust productivity numbers as we have this year and as we have the last several years. So without giving you a number, I would just say that the unrelenting focus on continuing to drive productivity is embedded in our organization. And as we've always said, we do find benefit in our productivity initiatives with positive volume growth. And at this point in time, we are believing and hoping that the volume for 2018 will be on the positive side of the ledger.
Robert M. Knight: Yeah, Jason, I would just say you're right in terms of the way you were doing the math. Fuel was a headwind in the quarter of about 0.3 point and the items that I itemized were 2.3 points of headwind. That's the force reduction in the hurricane impact, which we certainly don't think those two are going to repeat. So if you do that math, you get down to a low 60% core performance, which we're very proud of in the third quarter. Now, I wouldn't straightline because fourth quarters are always little bit different. You got different mix, you got different volume. But I would just tell you, we're continuing to be focused on the same initiatives that drove what we think is an outstanding performance in the third quarter to repeat in the fourth quarter. But I wouldn't straightline any of those numbers, per se.
Robert M. Knight: Tom, this is Rob. As you know, we're not going to give precise numbers around what that volume all adds up to, but we are confident that you add up everything that Lance and Beth just went through, it's going to be on the positive side of the ledger. So we'll work to be as successful in that as we positively can, but I would just reiterate all the things we just said are a fabulous commercial for the wonderful diversity that we have in our network and the strength that that offers us. So we have lots of opportunities to grow our business. And at this point in time, it all adds up to a positive volume assumption.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Allison, this year – you're exactly right, this year, we've said that all-in inflation's around 3%, with labor, 4% to 5%. As we look to next year, we haven't finalized our numbers yet, but I would say both are going to look closer to 2%...
Robert M. Knight: I mean we constantly, of course, as a matter of process are always in tune to being as disciplined and wise about every capital dollar we spend, and it's based on a very rigorous evaluation of what the expected returns are. But the guidance I would give you is that 15% of revenue spent. I mean, again, as you know, that's not how we build our budget, but that's still the right way to look at it looking forward.
Robert M. Knight: Yeah, Walter, I earlier said that – to the question of inflation, and I was talking about 2018, that we expect overall inflation and overall labor to be closer to 2% versus what they're running this year. And at this point, I'm not going to break out the labor component but, of course, not only do you have wages in there, but you also have the moving part of the health and welfare.
Robert M. Knight: Yeah, Walter, I'm going to disappoint you, because we're not going to give guidance on that number, not because we're withholding but because there is a lot of moving parts, to your point. And it can and will be lumpy. So stay tuned. But we generally say in the $150-ish million neighborhood is what it's looked like historically for other income. But it can be lumpy. I mean, you have lots of moving parts in there.
Robert M. Knight: We expect to be lumpy as well, not maybe as lumpy as other income. But we're not going to give guidance on that because you're right, there are a lot of moving parts. But we've typically said in the $200 million range, but I would caution you that it can move up and down with unusual items.
Robert M. Knight: Yeah, we did announce the land sale earlier, but we announced it because of the size of it and wanted to give some perspective on the financial impact. But we're not going to give any details on that specific transaction. But I would just say that we have a sophisticated professional real estate organization, so our selling real estate, when we find an opportunity, is something we continually do. I mean, again, it can be lumpy, as I indicated in the other income question earlier on the call, but I would say that's something our professional real estate folks are always looking at, but it will be lumpy, and we're continuing looking at where there are opportunities, where it's an asset that is no longer needed, long term, for the benefit of the rail. And that's kind of how we approach it.
J. David Scott Vernon: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for the taking the time. I wanted to ask you a question about the domestic intermodal market and what you guys can maybe do to help capitalize on that conversion opportunity, because the volume growth, on a reported basis, for intermodal has always been a little bit lighter. You guys have done a great job taking up yields. I'm just wondering as you think about how you work with your channel partners, how you manage the two box pools that you have, how you take that intermodal product to market through streamline. Is there something you can do that you can sort of accelerate that domestic opportunity? And then as you think about what's happening in the eastern market with one of your partners kind of redesigning maybe some of its intermodal services, if that's going to create some either opportunities of challenges for you. If you could comment on, that'd be great.
J. David Scott Vernon: Okay. And maybe Rob, just thinking about the CapEx, obviously the 3Q numbers probably impacted a little bit by the weather and some idling of work crews. Wanted to get your thoughts on the ability to kind of keep CapEx at a little bit lower level here as some of the growth is in some of the lighter weight traffic areas and you've got some idle capacity from kind of the coal traffic coming off.
J. David Scott Vernon: Yeah, no, I was just wondering if there was going to be any need to step up a little bit of growth CapEx to pursue the intermodal opportunity broadly, or if you feel like you can kind of work that through the existing capita in both, obviously addressing bottlenecks as they happen.
