Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. As we wrap-up 2021, I want to start with a thank you to the Union Pacific team. This past year has been anything but easy as we dealt with massive weather events, wildfires, supply chain congestion, and continued impacts from the pandemic. Through all of those challenges, our employees did the hard work necessary to deliver a record financial year. I am so grateful for our team's strength and their determination. They give me confidence that our best days truly lie ahead. Turning to our fourth quarter results, this morning Union Pacific is reporting 2021 fourth quarter net income of $1.7 billion or $2.66 per share. This compares to adjusted fourth quarter 2020 results of $1.6 billion or $2.36 per share. You'll note that 2020 reported results included an impairment charge related to our Brazos Yard investment. Our fourth quarter operating ratio of 57.4% deteriorated 180 basis points versus 2020's adjusted OR largely driven by the headwind from fuel prices. For the full year, we achieved a record 57.2% operating ratio, an improvement of 130 basis points versus 2020 adjusted results, and as Jennifer will lay out in a few minutes, we're on track to achieve a full year operating ratio that starts with a 55 in 2022. Even with the challenges of the past year, we set fourth quarter and full year records for operating income and net income. A comparison to 2019 further demonstrates the achievements of the team over the past two years. As you'll hear in greater detail from Eric, our fourth quarter safety and service performance did not meet expectations. I am pleased, however, that as we exit the year, our network is healing. Reflecting back, 2021 was a difficult year in many ways, but through our commitment to PSR and delivering for our customers, we navigated each obstacle and are now better for having dealt with them. During 2021, we took significant steps to advance our ESG efforts, capped off by the release of our initial Climate Action Plan in December. This plan lays out a framework to achieve our 2030 greenhouse gas emission reduction targets and includes a commitment to net zero by 2050, and we are the only U.S. railroad to do so. One element of our plan is to reduce overall fuel consumption, and we made continued progress last year. Our full year fuel consumption rate improved 1% for a new record low. This represents the third consecutive year we improved our fuel consumption rate on a year-over-year basis, and it helped our customers eliminate 22.9 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions by using rail versus truck. So, let's get started with Kenny for an update on the business environment.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. Wrapping up on slide 24 with a look at our drivers for success in 2022, as you heard from Eric, it's imperative that we make progress on safety. While there are positive signs in the underlying metrics, the overall results need to improve. Safety is at the center of everything we do at Union Pacific as we strive toward our goal of world-class performance. Overall, the network's improving but with work to be done. We have work streams aimed at keeping a healthy pipeline of crews in place, and we're in the marketplace hiring for growth. In addition, we have numerous initiatives to improve the quality of our service. Our long term growth opportunities are dependent on a reliable service product. As you heard from Kenny, our growth outlook for 2022 is terrific. The growth mentality we're instilling on the entire team is manifesting itself in new customer wins while we continue to build stronger books with our long term partners. We have an opportunity to offer enhanced customer experience and new transportation solutions for our customers while helping them achieve their sustainability goals. 2021 represented another milestone in our company's history, and 2022's poised to be even better. We'll be celebrating our 160th anniversary with what we expect to be our best financial year ever and take further steps on ESG journey. We have great momentum as we strive for operational excellence, grow with our customers, and as we win together with all of our stakeholders. So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, Jason. This is Lance. We've built the 2022 plan not on perfection. So we've kind of built into the plan an expectation that, for instance, in the international intermodal supply chain, there's slow but steady recovery. Some of the mark Justin Long with Stephens ers that we're looking at that need to recover to be back to normal and fluid still involve street time for things like chassis and boxes. Our intermodal ramps are fluid right now. They're in great shape. We need to see our international intermodal customers go back to more IPI business. That is allowing the international box to go inland and then turn back around preferably with an export. I'll turn it over to Kenny and Eric for a little more detail.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, Kenny. What I'm really excited about 2022 and beyond isn't the one-time conversion of business from somebody else to us. It's the fact that those businesses are very well run, and our existing long term partner is exceptionally well run in Hub, and they're growth engines in and of themselves for years to come. That's what really turns me on.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. On the international intermodal side again, we're seeing a slow uptick as those units come on to our network. On the domestic intermodal side, we typically see a little bit of a, I'll call it, lull, pause after the Christmas break. We saw it last year, and it happened a little bit later because of the parcel. Nothing that's concerning us. You heard in my comments around the business that we're competing for early on and the price environment there. So fundamentally, we still feel optimistic about domestic intermodal.
Lance Fritz: You got good match-back programs, too. That takes some of the expense of moving an empty container back West and turning it into a revenue stream.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. And, Ravi, in regards to our conversation with the STB, notwithstanding whatever perception is held at a federal level regarding our participation in the current supply chain congestion, factually, we are open and ready for business. We talked openly on this call about some of the operating challenges we faced in the fourth quarter. Exiting the year, we're on better footing, and you will see that better footing demonstrated in our public numbers. You've already seen some of that at the very beginning of the year, and that continues to improve. In terms of the regulatory environment, we are actively engaged with the STB. The workload from our perspective is probably in this order. There's the CP KCS transaction that we need to be engaged in. We've got a fundamental concern there to make sure that our customers continue to enjoy direct unfettered access to the commercial markets in Mexico, and the Industrial base in Mexico enjoys the access that we provide to the United States market. We enjoy about two-thirds to 70% of that cross-border traffic today, and in the context of this transaction, we want to make sure our customers continue to have that competitive option available to them. Probably the second biggest item on our horizon at the STB is forced access or open access. There's a hearing on that coming up in March. We continue to work with the STB to help them understand our perspective of the dynamics of the rail industry and how to look at that possible regulation from a perspective that allows us to continue to serve our customers exceptionally well and continue to invest in our railroad so that, that service lasts for years to come. Then, finally, there's been work on final offer rate review at the STB. We've offered up with peer railroads an alternative to that and alternative dispute resolution mechanism. It looks like it's a nice simplification for small rate cases, small shipper rate cases, and it satisfies some of what we consider the big legal hair on the STBs proposal to have somebody else take on the role of rate mediation. Other than that, our job at the STB is to provide an excellent, reliable service product and stay engaged so that they understand the industry from our perspective. We do those two things, I think we can navigate the docket that's in front of us in the coming year.
Lance Fritz: The only thing I'd add is that the congestion issues that you're referencing in particular, Tom, were really around the international intermodal side, and a lack of international chassis and dray drivers and some of our recent wins have been with on the domestic side with asset owners who come with their own chassis and driver fleets.
Lance Fritz: So I'll start with that, Bascome. When we talk about volume and give you the volume guidance, we're talking about it on a carload basis. So that's consistent with how we had talked about it at the Analyst Day. And so we're talking carloads. Kenny, you want to talk about...
Lance Fritz: And, Eric, you mentioned some self-help on crew availability, your strong move on reducing the re-crew rate by one-third or more. That in essence frees up some amount of our crew boards, and you're just generally more productive now with unproductive crew starts like held away from home terminal. And we also saw in the fourth quarter, starting to see the benefits of a high vaccination rate across the company and being able to have people be healthy.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Jennifer, those trip plan compliance numbers are really about, can we serve customers in a manner that's consistent with our commitment? So that's about over the period of time that needs to be reliable so that we can continue to secure business and have happy customers. But in terms of hitting a high margin or a margin target, that's about car velocity, terminal dwell, locomotive productivity, and workforce productivity. And train life I'd throw in there as well.
Lance Fritz: Walter, we are highly confident we have a plan in place and an existing network to be able to absorb the growth that we've been talking about this morning and not be gridlocked. Couple of cases in point. One, we've just onboarded Knight-Swift over the course of the last five weeks, four weeks, six weeks, and it's been flawless. That was on the strength of a lot of coordination and planning between ourselves and that customer in order to make sure their drivers were well prepared, that our ramps were efficient for their drivers, that we had good signage and our UPGo app to make it virtually seamless to get on and off. S I know we're going to be able to plan and execute in the same way for future onboarding.  The other thing to note is we've upticked our capital. There are some areas we need to invest in. There's that $600 million or so of commercial facilities and capacity. Historically, a lot of that spend would be targeted on productivity enhancement. As we look into this year, a fair amount of that spend is being targeted towards enabling growth. So we've got a game plan and the capital to be able to do it. We're well in advance of needing to put the capital in the ground, and so it's happening.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, Brandon. This is Lance. I'm going to start because I've been crystal clear on this point with other audiences when I'm out talking. If you look at our historic record over the past handful of years, through our transformation we've improved our operating metrics when volume went down, particularly last year, and we improved them last year when volumes snapped back. So there's no reason for us to think empirically on Union Pacific volumes going to tank our ability to run the railroad. Having said that, what hurt us in crew availability primarily in the second-half of the year was, I think, we did not adequately address in our planning the reality of COVID and a third and a fourth way. Our planning profile said COVID is going to be around, but we're going to get used to it. It's going to have a diminishing impact, and we've got the resources necessary in that environment. What we did not plan for was a vaccine mandate where we have to give people time off to get vaccinated and waves where we had hundreds of UP employees unavailable to us on any given day because of quarantine. And I look at that and I think shame on us. That's a risk factor that we did not adequately plan for. And when I look into the future, we're going to just be a whole lot more relentless about and deliberate about the assumptions that we're building into our plans. Having said that, we're on the back side of getting that remedied, in part through being relentless on how we utilize crews that are available to us, and on the front side in making sure that we've got our boards staffed in a way that supports our crew consumption. And at some point in the future, COVID is going to go away, or it's going to be much less impactful. And I think at that point, that's going to be a wonderful day. But until then, we have to plan for it as a contingency, and that's what we've got built in. And I think we're going to be demonstrating that to you early on in this year. I see it in the statistics, and you will see it in the operating statistics as well.
Lance Fritz: Thanks for asking that clarifying question, and you're right. It's all about as we're slowly coming out of the Christmas holiday, I clearly believe that there is some natural timing to this, that we should see things work out. I've said that during the last part of the year, sometime in the middle of the year, but it's just going to be a gradual and slow increase to carloads on the international and intermodal side. But the short answer is that's what you're seeing.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. I think where you're going with that, David, is there's nothing about in-market demand that we're building into the plan that says there's a collapse of the American consumer buying imports.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, Jairam. This is Lance. Maybe we're just not doing an adequate job of talking about it, but our new CIO in Rahul Jalali, he is a exceptionally talented tech executive. And what he's got us doing is amplifying our internal development by speeding it up through minimally viable product, by being product and platform-centric and by deep and clear partnership with his internal customers so that we can tease out more rapidly and more fulsomely what's the next step in our tech investment and how quickly can we bring it to market. There are so many examples of that. We've talked a bit about some this morning, the UPGo app for drivers on our ramps, Intermodal Vision, the mobile apps for our crew base, UP Vision, just on and on and on. The second way that that's happening is through becoming much more open and embracing of external tech expertise, whether that's partnering up with Google, whether that's partnering up with somebody like TuSimple. There's any number of ways that we're exercising those kinds of partnerships so that we can learn from and absorb their expertise into our business. Tech is touching every aspect of our business right now in an accelerated and accelerating manner, and we're really, really excited about that.
Lance Fritz: Let me start, Jennifer, with the mantra that you and I talk about all the time. Our ability to generate attractive margins is built on a three-legged stool. We look for volume growth, which we get to leverage. We look for productivity which we can leverage through volume growth and we can find in other ways. And we've got to have pricing that supports it as well. In 2022, we're going to see benefit from all three.
Lance Fritz: That's a great question, Jeff, and it's one that we scenario plan out for ourselves periodically as we go through our planning cycles within the year. First thing I would note is we worked really hard to reduce the amount of time it takes to get somebody off the street and to be qualified as a conductor. I think we've got that knocked down to something like 14 weeks, and so that's a substantial move in the right direction. Item number two is if we see volume overwhelming our ability to satisfy it, we've always got price as a lever that we can use that discourages some amount of that volume and helps it find a different home. And then we've got a lot of levers that we pull when it comes to managing the inventory, which is really the mechanism that bogs down the network. It's not the fact that more volume wants to move through the network. It's as if that volume doesn't move fluidly and it builds up inventory and now we're using our capacity in a really unproductive way. We've got a ton of mechanisms that we've developed over the past three years to make sure that inventory, if it comes on us, it moves through. And if there's too much coming on us for any one individual customer, we work directly with that customer to get them back in the box.
Lance Fritz: Rob, thank you very much. You did a wonderful job for us today again. And thank you, all, for joining us today and for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in April when we discuss our first quarter results. Until then, I wish you all good health. Please take care. Thank you.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. I'll start and then turn it over to Kenny, but you're thinking of it right, Chris. And we do expect our volumes to grow in the first quarter. But again, we see it kind of -- and you laid it out, first half, second half. First half is going to be led by Bulk and Industrial. We certainly embedded in the expectation for stronger growth in the second half is the recovery in the supply chains, and that includes the chip shortages. So that is our expectation for the year, and we feel very bullish about that. And I'll let Kenny talk to you about that a little bit more.
Jennifer Hamann: Then just to clarify -- and, Jason, I know you know this -- but when we talk about pricing above inflation, it's in dollars. So we expect to yield pricing dollars in excess of our inflation dollars.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah, Amit. Thanks for that. And I knew I could count on you for the margin question. But we feel very bullish about our opportunities in 2022 and feel very good about being able to hit that long-established operating ratio target of the 55%. And 55.5% obviously is right smack dab in the middle of that fairway. There will be cost pressures. We know that. Higher inflationary environment. We know that we need to bring on some more employees, and so you're going to see our headcount go up a little bit. Not at a one-for-one with volume, but we will be bringing on new employees. So there's hiring and training costs and then just running the network more fluidly which we're off to a great start here as we come into 2022. So feel good about it. I'm not going to give a characterization one way or the other, but we're very excited about the long term potential, and 2022 is just going to be another building block on that progression as we become more and more profitable and provide a better service product to more and more customers.
Jennifer Hamann: Bottom line, it fundamentally supports the guidance we gave at the Investor Day in May which is something like 3% growth for averaging for the next three years, above industry all production. So you're well positioned to be able to deliver that.
Jennifer Hamann: We knew that, again, continuing to come out of the pandemic, you were going to have stronger Industrial production in the earlier part of that three-year range. So the business wins and just Kenny's team going out and hustling is what gives us that upside to Industrial production. To your mix question, Scott, I do believe based on our expectations, particularly with the Premium business being stronger in the second half that we will have on a full year basis a mix headwind. But I think you're looking at it correctly when I look at the drivers for growth in the first half being more Industrial and Bulk-loaded. It should look a little different in the first half than the full year.
Jennifer Hamann: I'll do the clean-up first. Then you can talk on the regulatory side, Lance. I did reference the Knight-Swift business. When that's domestic intermodal, that's part of what's driving the plus for us relative to Industrial production. And then just when you look at again some of the supply chain issues which impacted both international and domestic being intermodal, as we see those resolving themselves more in the back half of the year, we would look to see strong performance there.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. I'll maybe start, and others may want to weigh in. But when we look at the key metrics that are driving the cost profile, which relates to certainly the operating ratio, I'd look more at freight car velocity and the terminal dwell numbers in terms of how efficiently we're handling the freight on the railroad. And that also has an impact on the number of turns that we're getting on the cars that we can put up against the customers to get that next revenue load. So I see trip plan compliance and intermodal trip plan compliance more as the outcome of these other things that we're doing in terms of moving the car and operating the network more fluidly being more directly impactful to the OR.
Jennifer Hamann: Great question, Ben. We don't factor fuel cost into that because of our fuel surcharge programs. And, yes. There's a lag, but we don't include fuel. And we're talking about our core inflation.
Jennifer Hamann: I think that's part of why we're talking about incremental margins as well because that focus on growth, the new business opportunities that's coming to us, being able to move that really efficiently, pricing it well, and then dropping that to the bottom line.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah, Lance. You hit all the key points. The only thing I'd add is it's less about the absolute volume number and it's also about where the volume comes on and in what products. And so that's where I think the team did a great job in 2021 being agile around that. We weren't expecting the chip shortages. We didn't expect the supply chain congestion, and the coal volumes were a blessing that came to us as well as increase on the grain side. So to be able to pivot quickly and be agile, that's why it's so critical that Kenny and Eric are linked at the hip in terms of talking about the trends, talking about the plan, and then executing to that.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah, Chris. We're seeing -- and this is pretty slow here. We're seeing slow marginal growth from where we were in the fourth quarter to now on our international intermodal volumes. So we're looking at that every day. I'll tell you that. Same is true about the automotive business. And I talked about the fact that sequentially from third to fourth quarter, we saw that 10% improvement. We're expecting that to increase, and that's what you're seeing in the back half of the year. We also feel good about a couple business wins on the coal side that'll help us from a car load perspective.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah, Lance. You hit it right on the head. We're talking to our customers daily about that conversion from port to port. The inland ramps that we have, we have seen that, that is slowly occurring. Now, remember, we've got a backlog of ships out there on the water, so that's got to get sorted out. The same thing we're going to be keeping an eye on is at a lot of these inland ramps how the warehouses are doing and are they able to process a lot of that business that's coming on. So it's going to be a slow, gradual increase to us, but we're talking to our customers. And we expect more improvement as we go throughout the year.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. I'll take that, Jennifer. We've got a favorable pricing environment. I'm going to talk about, call it, our domestic intermodal business. We're about 10%, 15% in on a lot of the bids that we're looking at. And again, it's a favorable pricing environment. We'll have to see how that plays out in the second half of the year. Right now it looks good, but we're going to be looking at it quarter by quarter. But great environment to be repricing.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. First of all, before I get to the new players, we feel really good about our long term partner, and we look at them as an industry leader. Clearly, we're bringing on Knight-Swift this year. They are a strong industry leader. And then in the future, we'll bring on Schneider. We look at that as a great value to the BCO. We believe that that's going to give us and them a lot of optionality to grow. Clearly, that's the impetus there to offer more options. It's going to also give Eric an opportunity to densify a lot of networks and execute on a lot of intermodal excellence initiatives that he has. As we look at our own IMCs that we have out there and our own equipment, you know that we're doubling down on investing there. So we invested in almost 6,000 chassis. We're bringing on GPS. So we feel like we've got a great mixture to offer those private asset players that are on our network and also the ones that will be utilizing our equipment.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. Thanks for that, Ken. Good to hear from you. So pointing back to May, that Investor Day, we set out our targets, and we want to execute on those targets first of all. At the end of the day, truck is our true competition, and so we're exhausting all efforts to go out and win against truck. Now we've talked quite a bit about that intermodal piece. We're doing the same thing on the car load side. There's still a lot of opportunity there. So we view the competition as truck, and we're going to be pretty dogged. The team is all over this about trying to convert as much truck business as we can.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. Let me start on the security side, and then Kenny will turn it back over to you. So, there's been a lot of coverage about some thefts that are occurring in the LA basin specifically. That is a -- I'll call that a relatively unique situation where something that used to be a nuisance, call it, two years ago, members in a neighborhood would see a train not moving and might take advantage of trying to pop open a box and see what's inside. Today that's more organized, and we have our arms around it. We've increased our own police presence. We're working with the LAPD in that area. We're working with the State, whose also getting involved. We're actively working to get the district attorney in the area spooled up and interested prosecuting the cases. So I think at this point we've got our arms around it. We've cleaned up the area, and we're going to be enhancing security in the area, to your point. We're going to put physical security barriers in place. It's unfortunate because they won't be necessarily pretty, but it will protect our property. And more importantly, it'll protect our employees. That's probably the biggest concern I've had throughout this whole time frame. We hate impacting our customers. We really can't stomach putting our employees at risk.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. I talked about it a little bit. We are seeing more customers each week that are turning on more business to go inland to the ramp. That's going to take a while. I talked about the fact that we've got a lot of shift still out on the water. It's encouraging to see that both they're talking about doing it, but we're also seeing it show up in our carloads. We're looking at that on a week-to-week basis. Eric's ramps are clean. We've got the equipment. We've got the capacity. We're prepared for it. So we want our customers to bring it on.
Kenyatta Rocker: Then, Brian, on your question around career availability, you mentioned the Southeastern portion of the railroad. That's exactly right. When we walked into the quarter, that was one of the challenges that lied ahead of us was to be able to recover the manifest network in the southeast portion. From my comments, we've done that. We've brought back the fluidity that we expect, which reduces the stress in our crew base. Now as I think about it as a whole system though and you think about crew availability, really got three components to that. The first one is COVID, and as we think about COVID, it's not just people who unfortunately are at home because they are either positive or they have been quarantined but also people who have to be vaccinated. And if you think about the fourth quarter relative to earlier in the year, the fourth quarter was significantly more impactful to us in that way than earlier in the year. The next part is the utilization of our crew base, and as I look back over the third quarter and coming into the fourth quarter, completing the fourth quarter, we've reduced our re-crew rate by one-third. And that's incredibly important because that provides us flexibility in our crew base to continue to meet growth demands. Then finally as I talked a little bit about, the other part of crew availability is ensuring that we're out in the marketplace hiring for attrition and for growth. And as you heard Jennifer mention, we're not hiring one-for-one. We're hiring for that growth. It's a challenging market in certain geographic locations, but what we have is a workforce resource department that has certainly stretched themselves into all sorts of different campaigns and initiatives to help us continue to hire to our demand. And I'm very encouraged for it.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, Scott. Thanks for the question. Unfortunately, I'm not going to size the volume for you. I can tell you that we're excited about it, and Eric is prepared to handle that business. And we think that there is long term strategic value in having Hub and Knight-Swift on our line this year. And then eventually long term we'll be able to provide our BCO with a lot of options. And it gives us the opportunity to really build up our network and go after that truck business. So we're pretty excited about it.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. We're certainly pricing to the market, and that's an exchange in our overall approach to the market. We're selling a very strong, reliable service product. We're also backing that up with a lot of the capital that Eric and his team will be putting in to create a value proposition. So that's our approach to the market. That's how we're going to win. That's how we're going to grow. That's how we talk to our BCOs and all the customers on our network. To the second question about drayage capacity, yeah. We certainly see offline time. We see how much time the chassis are off, how much time the containers are gone. It's still not a very efficient network. It needs to come down, and as it comes down, it's going to create more volume growth, more efficiency for us. It'll be overall positive. So we're looking at that on a daily basis.
Kenyatta Rocker: Let me chime in on the second question, the bottoms-up versus tops-down. Kenny, you have unique relationships with the commercial side and the buying side of a lot of our customers. At the CEO level, I'll tell you what my counterparts tend to be focused on is consumers are flush. Balance sheets for consumers are good, and they're financially healthy. So as long as their confidence isn't rattled, they seem to be postured to continue to purchase through the year. And the industrial economy, a lot of my industrial peers feel pretty confident that their marketplaces look pretty good to them, whether you're in the housing market, you're in the construction market, you're in some other aspect of our industrial economy. So at the very highest level, Kenny, that's what I hear.
Kenyatta Rocker: And that's where some of those investments that Lance referenced that were proud investments initially when you think about extensions become investments that support the growth of the network, and that's capacity that's not being utilized in that manner to date. And then think about our locomotives, which we still have a significant portion of our locomotive fleet that is stored today. So that's capacity that we have to bring to bear, and will be.
Kenyatta Rocker: Walter, we are interested the parallel systems technology. We are familiar with it, and it is of interest. It's of keen interest. Candidly, there's a lot of hurdles in front of that technology for deployment. Having said that, it could potentially be a game changer if it proves out to be effective and workable. So I'd say keep your eye on it, and we're keeping our eye on it. And I don't think it's going to impact 2022 or 2023 or 2024, but at some point it could be a technology that has utility for the U.S. rail network.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yeah. Again, I'm really proud of the team. We've got a strong leadership team and the premium laid in that, but you know what we're doing is we're working as a team. And the first thing we do is we talk about our service products. We talk about where our network is and the capacity. Clearly, we had to put up some capital against that and some investments against that to help those carriers, those customers get into and get out of our ramps. We're very fluid. We're selling all those things. There's no part of it where we're changing our pricing strategy or approach to the market. We'll let the players really fight it out on the field and let their own efficiencies win out. So we're just selling our network. We've got a beautiful network that we've invested in, and that's what we're selling.
Kenyatta Rocker: No, Jeff. We've largely depleted those furlough boards. The folks that we have called back are in training classes now, and we're really focusing. In terms of incremental adds to our network from a crew base, it's going to be on the new hire side.
Eric Gehringer: Just reflect on this year and what happened with Premium volumes in the second half of the year. They were softer, and so we're certainly looking for that to be stronger in the back half of 2022.
Eric Gehringer: We're excited about the ag program that we have at Global IV coming on, and we've seen uplift from Dallas, Dallas to dock. So a number of products that are out there that are going to be of value to those international customers.
Eric Gehringer: John, thanks for that question. It's an excellent question, and I want to be really clear. I believe all of it is just deferred. I believe we've set ourselves up coming out of 2021 and the beginning of 2022 to be able to capitalize on exactly what we said. And to your point, some of those events that impact us were transitory. Some of them, like COVID, we may still see that impact. Here is a team that's committed to being able to capture that deferred, and that's exactly what we're poised to do in 2022.
Eric Gehringer: I think if my crystal ball was that clear I'd tell you that, but probably like you, John, we have to go through and plan for those contingencies. If the impact comes down, we've got to make sure we're ready to capitalize on the potential from our productivity. If the impact of COVID goes up, you'll see us flex to that as best as we possibly can. Our goal is first to ensure that our employees are safe, and they are taking the time off if they are positive, followed by making sure when they are here, collectively we're being as productive as we possibly can while we're also being excessively safe.
Eric Gehringer: There still is work to be done there. And as we talked nearly a year ago Investor Day about intermodal being such an important growth engine for us, we also at the same time rolled out intermodal excellence. And if you look at many of those initiatives, they are focused on assisting our customers, on helping with the ability to be able to get quicker turns. So as I think about the work we're doing at nearly every intermodal ramp around our gate system and reducing the amount of time to get in and get out, that's helping them in that generating capacity. The work we've done on changing our UPGo app, whether it's for our existing customers or our new customers, we're making sure we continue to do our part to assist our customers to be able to generate that capacity. Now, to Lance's point, there's opportunity on the other side, but together I think we'll work our way through it.
Eric Gehringer: Lance, you're spot on. And the only thing I would add is that we're not waiting around to think strategically about these growth areas from a geo perspective. And that's what you're seeing now with all the work that we're doing with Eric's team in terms of Inland Empire and the growth there and investments there, the Twin Cities, the growth there and investments there. You're going to see a little bit more volume in those areas than you did last year. That's intermodal. Also on the carload side we're also thinking very strategically about areas that you can call it high-growth population, you can call it high warehousing. When we see areas that are under-penetrated from a rail perspective, we're going to be opportunistic and really invest towards those areas. And that's what you're seeing with the train load facilities and the Inland Empire.
Eric Gehringer: Yeah. Building off the previous conversation, we're in the market. It's certainly in some points, some locations just is a challenging market. As I think about looking throughout the year, some of the different activities we've taken on are meant to really differentiate us from other companies that are in the market as well. I think about not only employee referral programs that get the word out more in our social media campaigns. But I also think about the efforts we've taken in the last year where we're now talking to perspective employees that the day they come to the railroad is also the first day they can start college with us, that we offer that free of charge to them. So we're in the market. We're going to continue to put out what we feel is a very strong value proposition to join Union Pacific.
Eric Gehringer: We should talk about that, Justin. It's pretty much invisible to the outside world, but over three quarters of our workforce is fully vaccinated. And that's because we started early on complying with the federal vaccine mandate. Now, we paused because of the pause mandated by a court, but we think that our employee population, because of that high vaccination rate, lasted through Omicron a little better than the communities that we serve. We saw a spike in the number of our employees who had to quarantine, presumed positive or exposed, but it was nothing like the spike that we saw in the communities that we serve.
Eric Gehringer: Yeah. Thank you for those questions, Cherilyn, and the first answer is actually really straightforward. If you look at a five-year average, we are not seeing increased attrition in our agreement professionals. Regarding your second question, there's a lot of ways that we continue to reinforce PSR, but really our flagship method is really the one we've employed for the last, this will be the third year in a row, which is our operating excellence classes. This is an opportunity for frontline leaders in the operating department all the way through executives that are in the front lines to be not only with one another in groups of 60 to 80 but also to be with me and the leadership team as we continue to define our PSR initiatives as we continue to evolve the railroad with more PSR initiatives. And they are hearing it directly from us. Most importantly, they're getting the chance to ask questions and ensure that we have alignment and also present their opportunities back to us. So we'll continue to use communication as our single best tool, followed by just a relentless focus on execution.
