Kenny Rocker: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning. As Jennifer mentioned, we had a solid second quarter, especially if you put aside the lower volume from coal. Freight revenues totaled $5.6 billion for the quarter, which was up 2% excluding fuel surcharges due to strong core pricing and a slight increase in volume. Let’s jump right in and talk about the key drivers in each of our business groups. Starting with our Bulk segment. Revenue for the quarter was down 2% compared to last year on a 5% decrease in volume and a 3% increase in average revenue per car driven by solid core pricing gains and a positive mix in traffic. However, if you exclude coal, Bulk revenue for the quarter was up 4% year-over-year and volume grew by 6%. Coal volume was down 23% in the quarter due to ongoing secular decline of the market along with continued challenges from lower natural gas prices and higher inventory levels. Fertilizer volumes increased for the quarter due to strong export demand for Canpotex potash and easier comps from a 2023 customer outage. In addition, grain products business was favorable due to increased demand for renewable diesel, strong demand for ethanol and new business wins. Moving to Industrial, revenue was up 2% for the quarter on a 3% decrease in volume and a 5% increase in average revenue per car. Strong core pricing gains and a positive mix in traffic were partially offset by lower fuel surcharges. Our strong business development efforts in petroleum allowed us to capitalize on opportunities. Petrochemicals volume continued to grow due to improved domestic demand in plastics and strong business development wins in our industrial chemicals markets from customers located along the Gulf Coast. However, challenges with high inventories and rainy weather in the South negatively impacted our rock volumes. Premium revenue for the quarter was up 4% on a 6% increase in volume and a 2% decrease in average revenue per car reflecting negative mix, lower fuel surcharges and truck market pressure. Automotive volumes were positive due to business development wins with Volkswagen and General Motors, but offset by unplanned decreases in production impacting auto parts shipments. Intermodal volumes continue to remain strong due to West Coast import demand and positive domestic growth despite market conditions especially within our Parcels segment. Now, turning to Slide 10. Here’s our outlook for the balance of 2024 for the key markets we serve. Starting with Bulk, coal is expected to remain challenged as inventories remain high and natural gas futures stay at levels that make coal less competitive. For grain, as we sit here today, the markets look stable and healthy although global export sales are off to a slow start. Crop conditions look good and we’ll have a better read over the next several weeks. In addition, we expect grain products to remain positive as we see incremental renewable diesel production coming online in California and continue to capture new business. Turning to Industrial. Our outlook remains the same as we laid out during our last earnings call. We expect our rock market will not match last year’s record volume. However, both petroleum and petrochemical markets will remain favorable due to our focus on business development supported by our investments in the Gulf Coast. And, wrapping up with Premium, on the intermodal side, we expect to see continued strength for imports in the near-term. And, while we have seen imports drive pockets of increased demand, on the domestic side, the overall market remains soft. But, our improved service product, along with our diversified set of private asset owners and IMCs provide Union Pacific more at bet when opportunities present themselves. And for automotive, we’re still expecting year-over-year growth due to business development wins despite some softening in the market. In summary, I’m proud of the commercial team and their focus to fill the volume gap we’re seeing from coal. On the price side, we’re achieving solid price results to overcome inflation and delivering the consistent and efficient service that we sold to our customers. As we head into the second half of the year, I am confident that our great franchise, along with the diverse product offerings we provide, gives our customers the ability to compete and win in the marketplace. Our commercial leaders are actively working with customers and the operating team to convert more over the road business to rail that allows us both to win and grow. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Eric, to review our operational performance.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, Jason, you’re right, on. We’ve seen some NLG products down in the Gulf that have been delayed or slow roll. And, a lot of it also is just overall demand and we haven’t had the best weather, haven’t seen that in that second quarter. So yes, it is. I will tell you this though, Jason, Eric’s team is doing everything they can to capture the volume that is out there. We’re looking at adding every car to every train that we can to maximize efficiency. So, as the opportunities are there we’re taking advantage of it.
Kenny Rocker: I think, it’s wait and see. It’s hard for us to go out and forecast what a lot of the customers will do and how the contractors will play out. Our best bet is just to be prepared, which we are.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, yes. Thanks for that, Jim. So, first of all, you all have heard me say that before, when you look at our approach to revenue growth, it’s volume growth through business development, but it’s also our pricing approach. And, our commercial team has been very clear to articulate some of the inflationary pressures that are out there. But more importantly, the team has taken risks. And so, we are doing as these contracts are coming up everything we can do to maximize price or margin expansion. And so at every turn, at every contract, those are some with our service improving, Eric, those are some really good opportunities for us to maximize our price. So, we’re doing everything we can do there.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, let me take this, the first one on international intermodal. So first of all, yes, we’ve seen some very strong growth on the international intermodal side and yes, we have seen some of that spillover on the domestic intermodal side. And, I want to touch on the fact that our product development, meaning the investment that we’ve made efficient investments in places like Inland Empire helping us to grow. Here recently, even though it’s a short-term phenomenon because of the labor issues up in Canada. We’re not going to just take that volume in the short-term. We’re doing everything we can to get it permanently. We won a piece of business into our Twin Cities Inland Intermodal Terminal and that’s the way we can take advantage again of the product development that’s out there. So, that’s the international intermodal. I talked a little bit about the fact that yes, we are seeing quite a bit that’s being transloaded that’s showing up on the domestic side and our products are helping grow. In fact, when we look at our domestic business, year-over-year in the quarter it was up and we feel pretty good about where it started off here in this quarter. So, that’s some real specific feedback for you.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Thank you, Tom. So, you’ve got a few macroeconomic indicators like, industrial production, not strong, housing starts aren’t helping us either and then you know where natural gas prices are. So, we don’t get the rollover and play dead, because coal is not where it needs to be. The commercial team is out there hustling and getting more business. Let me talk about some of the areas that I feel good about from a business development perspective. Renewable diesel, I’ll start with that. That’s an emerging market. I’ve been really excited that the team has been out there growing origin points and destination points. It allows us to pitch and catch. On the petrochemical side in the Gulf, we talked about the investments there and the wins that we’ve been able to get in that petrochemical market. And then, on the Premium side, I’ll talk about it from a couple of angles. One is Mexico will continue to be a market over the near-term and long-term. And, you’ve seen that Eric side has put up some really good products up against it as we talk about that north south quarter getting into the Midwest and products in terms of getting into the Southeast and then bought quite a few new products coming out of Houston, going into Phoenix, setting up our ramp and expanding in different areas. So, in some cases, we have to create our own markets to make the pie larger and that’s exactly what you’re seeing.
Kenny Rocker: It’s still very unclear for us. I’m not in a position to forecast where it is. All I’m telling you is that we’re going to go out and make our own markets where we can and we’re doing that through the product development that I mentioned and working with customers.
Kenny Rocker: The short answer is yes. The long answer is that every contract is unique, every customer is unique, every discussion is unique. We’re mixing that with what’s happening on the service side. A stronger service product is helping us. We’ve always been very price disciplined as a company. What you’re seeing is that now we’re able to take a little bit more risk as we’re talking to our customers because of the inflationary pressures that are out there.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I’ll start with coal first and then work my way back. And again, coal is a natural gas prices are all over the place. If you look at April, they were the lowest on record for a few years and as we move throughout the quarter by June they had bounced back up. It’s very difficult to go out and forecast based on that. We talked about preparedness. We’re talking with Eric’s team daily to make sure we can capture the demand that’s out there. I’ve been very encouraged that our commercial team is talking to each coal customer, each coal receiver one by one to see when they can add in set. So, we’re doing everything we can to influence the demand there. So, overall demand, let’s just talk about a few things. One, on the international, intermodal side, that’s been a strength for us. I think that will stay with us at least for the quarter. I can’t see out further than that. I talked about a little bit earlier the positives we’re seeing from that on the domestic side and the products that we have up against it to go out there and grow. Grain, you had a question about grain. Hey, look, the crop looks great right now as it stands today. The demand looks what I call stable. We’ll see what happens on the export market. But while we are waiting for the export market, our commercial team is engaging those domestic receivers. And Mexico is also an area from a business development perspective that we want. So, we can’t just wait around for some of these markets to help us out. We’re doing something about it and making something happen. Automotive, same thing. We talked about the wins. What I hadn’t talked about is that we’ve had some products where Eric has helped us out where we’ve had land bridge opportunities. So, again very specific actions up against the service and the product to really help overcome some of these other macroeconomic challenges on the housing and industrial side.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So, the pipeline is strong. It’s a robust pipeline. We feel good about the pipeline both near-term and over the next couple of years. The conversion rates haven’t changed. We keep an eye on that. I know where it is there. What we saw here recently is the realization rates, meaning if a customer said, hey, it’s going to be 100 cars, it wasn’t as high as 100 cars. And, so you would expect as the markets improve that realization rate to also go up. Again, we’re looking at the same macroeconomic indicators. Hey, if housing starts to move, you know what, that moves a lot of things. That’s cement, that’s PVC, that’s roofing, that’s the carpet that goes in there, that’s glass, that’s the soda ash we move. We play a role in all those products. And so, we’ll see where that happens. But, the theme here is that the markets are going to do what the markets are going to do. We are going out and creating our own markets again through product development and business development and doing it as efficiently as possible as we can.
Kenny Rocker: David, Jim, I’ll take the first one. So look, we’ve been 18 months now, a little bit over 18 months where domestic intermodal pricing has either been going down or just staying at the bottom. And, I’m not going to sit here today and try to forecast when it’s going to move up, which I’m highlighting the 18 months because it’s been quite a time here and so we’ll see what happens. Here is the key thing I want you to focus on is that I mentioned here recently we’ve been able to see some year-over-year growth on domestic intermodal. We’ve got a group of private asset providers that give us a lot of add backs, a lot of options and we’ve been really as a company doubling down on our product development. So, that when things change, and they will change, but I’m not going to forecast it, we’ll be prepared.
Jim Vena: Thank you, Eric. Turning to Slide 15. Before we get to your questions, I’d like to quickly summarize what you’ve heard from our team. First, as you heard from Jennifer, despite a challenging environment, we achieved strong financial results in the quarter. We continue to drive efficiency into the network and the commercial team has done a good job generating price for the value we provide our customers. Kenny provided you with an overview of the second quarter volumes and laid out some updated thoughts for the remainder of the year. I think it’s worth stating that when you remove coal, our total volume was up 3% in the second quarter. This demonstrates that even in a tough freight environment, we are winning with our customers to bring new business to the railroad. Lastly, Eric walked you through the progress we’re making across safety, service and operational excellence. In the first half of the year, our safety metrics improved, but we still have a way to go. Our service was challenged in the quarter, but I’m pleased with our ability to recover and we’re continuing to do things more efficiently making good improvements in operational excellence. Look the quarter presented its challenges, but I’m very pleased with the results we achieved. From the beginning, I said improvement wasn’t going to be a straight line. There are just too many variables when you operate an outdoor factory, but I expect the trend line will be in the right direction and we demonstrated that again this quarter. Over the past 12 months, we’ve put this company on the right path to redefining what’s possible for Union Pacific, a theme we’ll build on at our Investor Day in mid-September. With that, now we’re ready to take your questions, Rob.
Jim Vena: Yes, Brandon, I appreciate the question and you’re right on. I think they announced me last year on 26th, we agreed that I was going to join this company and the announcement came up. So, guess what it’s a year. Now, I actually didn’t start work till the 14th of August, but that’s okay, couple of weeks doesn’t make a difference. Bottom line is, if I look at the quarter Brandon, I’m very, very, very happy with how we’ve progressed on this railroad. If you start above the line and Kenny and the entire team have done a great job of, we knew we had an inflationary pressures with the contracts that were signed and we knew that we had to do something above the line and I think we’ve done a great job and you can see that where the revenue comes in against our volume growth and we continue and we will continue to see that as we go through the year. So, I’m very comfortable with that. Business development, we have been, I have personally spent a lot of time, Kenny and his entire team spends a lot of time and the entire leadership group with customers looking for opportunity and we’ve spent capital and developed new facilities and expanded facilities across our network to be able to handle more business. But, the best part about it is our service level is to the point where the first discussion isn’t, are you providing the service that we agreed to, it’s more of how do we work together to move ahead. Operationally below the line very comfortable to be able to present today the numbers that we are on car velocity, dwell, locomotive and things that you all don’t see, how fast our crew changes are, how well we’re able to and the number of people it takes to operate the terminals, we see those numbers every day and I’m very comfortable of where we are. And, I’m also very happy that we continue to improve our operating ratio and I don’t see that stopping. We’ll have, I never give a number for operating ratio, because it’s a result of everything you do, but to have a 160 basis points improvement this last quarter, year-over-year operating ratio and sequentially a small is a greater testament with what we can do with everything that we were impacted with this customer. We are not a team that makes excuses. You won’t hear us complain about coal. We just say that coal is a problem, but to be able to when we had 20% plus drop in our coal volume to actually increase goes to show you the strength of our network. We’re going to leverage what we’re doing in Mexico with our 26% ownership of the FXE and we think that’s going to lead to more growth as we move ahead and we’re going to leverage this network we have. So, Brandon, I’m in a real good place. So, hopefully you guys aren’t the toughest marketers in the world, because sometimes some of you are. But overall, I’m very happy with where we are today and I look forward to how this next few years while I’m leading this company and show everybody what we can do.
Jim Vena: No, I don’t see that. I think we’ve shown that we can improve and I see more improvement even with a flat. I don’t expect us to have our volume be flat though. That’s not the way we’re working at this. Everything that we’ve done is to increase our volume against some pretty big negatives that are structural that we can’t control. So, is it easier when you have increase in volume? Yes, you have another five cars on an intermodal train or a manifest train makes it a lot easier. But, the technology that we’re implementing, the speed that we’re going to be able to change our plan and what we’re doing moving forward will help us to be able to even on a flat volume be able to improve our efficiency. So, I’m very comfortable with, as we move ahead there’ll be more even on a flat.
Jim Vena: Stephanie, listen, I just sort of answered overall on the high level what I see, but I’m going to pass this off to, Kenny. Kenny, you talked about margin, how we’re looking at pricing, how we move ahead.
Jim Vena: Well, Ken, people always want me to start talking about where we I think the endpoint is on this and I think we continue to improve. We’re going to have quarters that are better than other quarters, but operationally you should always look at, we give a lot of metrics out there and if you take a look at the metrics, car velocity is real important, dwell time is real important and then of course there’s about 100 others that I look at internally that tell me how we’re operating and where we need to focus and how we need to do this. So, that’s one piece and we are aligned. We’ve got a great team. They know what the end goal is. So, I see us optimizing the railroad and continue to get better at how we operate. But, what really helps operating ratio and margins is revenue growth, and we are pushing hard on that piece by both bringing in volume at the right price and also pricing because of inflation and everything we’ve had. So, when you put those two things together, we might have some quarters where sequentially it doesn’t improve as much as people would like because it’s never a straight line. But, I’m very comfortable. I didn’t come back to work. I look at it as I had a sabbatical for a couple of years away from Union Pacific, came on, did what we had to do operationally. I’m back here to drive this place to where is what I see is possible, and I’m very comfortable. And, after the first year, I’m even more comfortable than I was on August 14 when I walked back in the front door. So Ken, it’s take a look at those metrics, but take a look at what’s happening in our volume and translate that on what we did in the second quarter on revenue against where we were with our carload growth. So, hopefully that gives you a better framing of the way I look at it, Ken.
Jim Vena: Walter, I like the question because that’s exactly the way we need to look at it is, we know what we’ve done before and I could go back to when I was at Canadian National and numbers that were delivered back in 2013 to 2016. So, I know the game of how and the play and how you have to get there to be able to deliver. Is there some things that are structurally different? Yes, the collective agreements are impact to our cost and will follow for a while with us. Now we’ve done a great job of mitigating some of it, but it’s pretty tough to mitigate it all. So, that’s a negative that’s going to be with us for a while. So, we’ll probably carry a few more people than we normally would have if the railroad had not signed some of the last collective agreements. But I look at it this way, I see a clear picture as we move ahead that we can mitigate a lot of that and have a railroad that’s very efficient. We’re going to use the network we have to optimize our cost structure. We are implementing work patterns and how we operate that will help us. So, I don’t think we’ll be able to mitigate all of that, but you can also mitigate it by bringing more business on and also leveraging our access to Mexico, leveraging our access to customers. Kenny is a little reserved sometimes in Jennifer, but I’ll tell you, we have a railroad that the opportunity is there. And we have discussions, we don’t talk about, oh geez, we have some problems with this. We look at what are we going to do, Phoenix, we opened it up because we think there’s a market there. Minneapolis, we opened it up. Fritz Intermodal Terminal, we expanded. We spent money in the Gulf and working with customers that want to be with us. So, we do both of those. I say, hang on, watch us go. This is not a short-term. I said it the very first time I was on the call, this is not a short-term fix when you have that kind of inflationary pressure. But I’m very happy that this quarter we were able to deliver another 160 basis points of improvement in our OR with everything that we’ve done and we’re going to have some good quarters, some bad quarters, but I’m telling you in the long run stay tuned Walter. And listen Walter, I’ve seen as you’re you’re probably in Canada, I know there’s a lot of people that I know from CN and others impacted with fire in my hometown and I wish everybody the best.
Jim Vena: Well, let me pass it over to Eric and I can’t give you the answer, because Eric knows it’s a different number than that, but I’ve got a goal out there, but Eric, it’s all yours.
Jim Vena: The only thing I would add Bascome is, there’s a lot of indicators that tell us that there’s a change, what’s happening to inflation, overall inflation, CPI, what’s happening to the job market and what’s happening to the input costs for us. So, those things are trending the right way, but how much of a drop we’re going to see next year, we’ll see, but I’d rather have that view than where we were a year ago.
Jim Vena: Listen, I appreciate the question on the STB. I think we have the exact same goal as the STB on growth. We want to grow our business and I think we’ve done a, if you actually listen carefully to what we said, we’ve been able to grow our business even with some markets that are giving us some huge headwinds and that’s a pretty good quarter. And, if you watch the carloads that we’ve so far this month, I’m pretty happy with where we’re headed. We’re going to have up and down, but we are working hard on that. So, I think it’s a great hearing. I’m looking forward to it. I can’t make it personally, because we are headed to Dallas and I’m looking forward to those couple of days and that sort of is right in between when we need to be in Dallas, just before it. But, guess who is going and Kenny is going there, he is going to represent us well and I’m looking forward to presenting to everybody to see who Union Pacific is, what we’re doing and how we’re going to leverage this great franchise to be able to grow our business even with all the challenges that we have. So, I’m excited to hear what all the other railroads have to say and I’m sure we’re all in the same place. We all want to be price smart and also be able to move the products that are available to us. So, I’m looking forward to the hearing and Kenny, I’m sure you’re going to represent this real well.
Jim Vena: Well, listen, thanks everybody for listening in this morning. We are very excited with what we’ve been able to deliver as a team for our shareholders and what we’ve been able to do safety through the communities that we operate for our employees and we’re very excited that we’ve been able to take the head on challenges that were presented and be able to deliver a quarter that showed improvements both underneath on how we operate and how we operate even safer and the metrics that we’re moving ahead. So, I’m very comfortable where we are. I like our future. I think we got a great railroad and I truly am looking forward to Dallas. I think it’s a great spot to go and have our Investor Day. And, at the Investor Day, we’ll take you through with a little more substance about what we foresee in the future over the next two or three years and what we see in the next year that Union Pacific can deliver. And, I’m looking forward to seeing all of you that can make it in Dallas, wonderful location, great spot for us, an important place for us. So, thank you very much everybody for listening in.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, so a couple of things there, Scott. On the mix side of things, as we look ahead, a lot of the drivers that were present in our volumes here in the second quarter are going to be present at least into the third quarter. International intermodal is staying strong, coal is weaker, the industrial portion of our portfolio, while we’ve got great business development opportunities, there’s just a little softness there. And so, if you assume that, that dynamic continues, that’s going to continue to have an impact on our mix, probably to the negative side. So, I mean, you guys get our volumes every week, you’ll be able to see that, engage that, but that’s kind of our going in expectation as we look at what’s ahead of us, particularly into the third quarter and we’ll see how some of those intermodal trends move into 4Q. In terms of the question relative to price and price accretion, the team is doing, I think, a very good job of driving price in the areas where they can touch it and actively work with the customers. Jim mentioned the service aspect of it, that’s critical when you’re sitting in front of customers and driving the price. And so, the thing that I’m very encouraged by is we know we’ll get to that point. I’m not going to give you a date by which we’ll get to that point. But, what’s encouraging is without that, we’re still driving very solid margin improvement and looking for more going ahead. So, that’s what I would focus on. And, as we continue to get more access to contracts, that’s just going to give us more upside and more ability going forward.
Jennifer Hamann: I mean, when you think about seasonality, I’ll jump in here. It really has a lot to do with volumes. And, if you look at our volume performance, generally speaking, the quarters where we have the strongest volume growth, that’s where you tend to get your greatest margin improvement. It goes back to Jim’s comments on productivity and that volume leverage piece. That said, we’ve shown really good sequential improvement in our margins and have kind of broke that trend as we’ve really come in and put a big focus on how we can drive greater productivity across the network over the last three quarters. And quite frankly, I think that’s something that maybe is a little bit underappreciated in terms of how hard it has been for the team to achieve that. Looking forward, it really is going to be about the volumes and the continued emphasis on the productivity and the price. Those are our three levers. And so, as you’re thinking sequentially, I’d be comparing volumes sequentially and see how that progresses. That’s going to really be the determinant.
Jennifer Hamann: Okay. And, then in terms of your question about the Investor Day and what’s possible, that really is going to be how we’re going to frame things and that’s certainly been Jim’s challenge to the team since he came here a little over a year ago, is don’t look back at what you’ve done historically, don’t look back and see what you think has been best ever, look forward and see what you really do think we can achieve together with this great franchise that we have. So, I don’t want to front run things too much with you, Brian. We want to make sure folks tune in September. But, we’re excited about the message and the opportunity to speak to everybody and share some of our plans.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, thanks for the question, Bascome. So, coming into the year, we said that we thought our full-year inflation would be around 5% or so. I think we’re probably tracking pretty close to that. We’re seeing some wins in some of the purchased service categories, seeing a little bit greater acceptance in the marketplace, few more people coming into bid. So, that’s encouraging and certainly that’s an opportunity for us to get a little bit better pricing on that purchase services side of the world. Same with materials to a certain extent, obviously that plays more into our CapEx spend than it does the OE, but both are very important to us, right. We’re looking to control costs at every turn. Comp and benefits certainly is a big piece of our expenses. That inflation, I would say, is still probably running around that 5% level that we talked to coming into the year. I think as you all know, we’ve got a 4.5% wage increase that became effective. The last one in this round of negotiations became effective July 1 for our craft professionals. So, I don’t see a lot changing there. It’s just some moving pieces and parts and we’re trying to find areas where we can try to mitigate that either through our productivity, through our purchasing and how we’re just running the railroad in general. And obviously, that’s the task that we have up against Kenny and his team is, these are the inflationary pressures that we’re facing, this is what’s going into the cost structure and we need to go out there, have those tough conversations and the team is doing that and I feel very confident about that.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. I mean, it’s too soon to say, Bascome, at this point. But boy, my hope is that we’re talking about a number that’s less than 5% next year as we move in. It seems like all of those indicators are moving in the right direction, but we’ll look at that. I think to your point though, when I look back historically, we used to talk about an inflation rate that was around 2%. I don’t think we’re going to get back to those levels, but certainly, we’re going to work to push it down below 5%.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, I mean, so I’ll jump in here. I mean, the priorities for our cash spending, we’ve been, I think, very clear on. First dollar goes back into the business, then we prioritize our dividend, which again, just you saw that we gave the 3% increase here last week and then the excess cash is going to share. So yes, if we have, if you look historically at what we’ve put into our share repurchase program, it’s been greater than the $1.5 billion. Some of that’s been using balance sheet capacity. We don’t intend to add any leverage this year. We feel good about our leverage levels, but we’re going to try to drive more cash and if that’s available, we would put it to shares.
