Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody. And welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting record 2019 first quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $1.93 per share. This represents an increase of 6% in net income and 15% in earnings per share compared to 2018. Total volume decreased 2% in the quarter compared to last year. Quarterly operating ratio came in at 63.6%, a 1 point improvement compared to the first quarter of 2018. Severe winter weather and flooding across our network adversely impacted volumes and added incremental operating costs in the quarter. In spite of these headwinds, we still achieved year-over-year margin improvement as a result of our G55 and Zero and Unified Plan 2020 efforts. I am extremely proud of the men and women of Union Pacific and applaud their heroic efforts to safely restore our rail network. Our ability to quickly recover operations after severing the east-west artery of our network is unprecedented. I also want to thank our customers for working with us during these historic weather challenges. With these incidents behind us, our operating performance is rapidly improving, enabling us to provide a safe, reliable, and efficient service product for our customers. We've largely completed our initial transportation plan changes associated with Unified Plan 2020 and well ahead of schedule. But these changes are really just a foundation for the great opportunities we see going forward like our terminal rationalization initiative that Jim will touch in later. With that, I'll turn it over to Kenny to provide more details on our results.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered record first quarter financial results driven by improved operating performance, while dealing with significant weather challenges. Unified Plan 2020 created a more resilient and robust network, allowing us to quickly return to normal operations. For the remainder of 2019, we look to build on the momentum we had prior to the weather challenges and provide a consistent reliable service product for our customers, while at the same time improving our operating efficiency. We remain focused on increasing shareholder returns by appropriately investing capital into the railroad and returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. With that, let's open-up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Let – Brian, this is Lance. So, we have not changed any of those goals that we had showed in the KPIs that we had up in the January analyst call. It's just at this point, it looks like there's upside and we're just going to move through to the upside.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Amit so first things first we're focused on executing our current goals which is sub-61% this year, sub-60% next year. Of course we're not going to stop and pause there. And we've for quite some time said we think we're capable of a 55% and we think sometime after 2020 we are more confident than ever that we're capable of a 55%. So, without using anyone else's yardstick just looking at what we're capable of doing, we are very, very confident we're going to hit our near-term goals and then later we'll talk about other goals.
Lance Fritz: And Tom, let's also be clear that Unified Plan 2020 when implemented was perceived and that's one of the reasons we brought Jim on. It's perceived to be an evergreen process. So, we -- getting Jim's perspective, his fresh eyes on that first round of implementation, we're going to find more and we'll continue to find more year after year after year. So, it's meant to be an evergreen process that continually gets fine tuned.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Justin, no gains other than normal annual gains which we talk about all the time. We always have our real estate team looking for opportunity to monetize assets, we no longer need. That's a normal flow of business. There's nothing unusual that has been baked into our guidance for 2019 and 2020. And we'll just keep evaluating our property as it makes sense.
Lance Fritz: No. So, Ravi, two things. One is, we continue to view capital the same way we always have viewed capital, which is it's got to generate an attractive return. We'll put it where we need it. We plan capital from the bottom up, but we still think we're going to be at or below -- I think below is our guidance, 15% of revenue. Where that capital is going is shifting around as Unified Plan shifts traffic and puts emphasis on some areas of the network where maybe it hadn't been before. The second part of your question, which was can you grow when you're implementing a PSR railroad? And we think absolutely you can. We think the end game is a consistent reliable service. Our customers want that. As we demonstrate we delivered that. We believe there's upside to the volume that is available to us. So, we think growth is achievable.
Lance Fritz: Ravi, I'm not sure exactly what you're referencing there. I will say that we have coordinated with other railroads through these weather events and are still doing some of that with peer railroads. That's just part of the normal course of business when we face significant traffic disruption.
Lance Fritz: Thank you very much Rob and thank you all for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in July.
Jim Vena: Okay. Thanks, Kenny, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to slide 11. As you heard from Lance and Kenny, our operations were challenged during the first quarter by a series of significant weather events. Heavy snowfall and harsh winter conditions in the Midwest and Pacific Northwest were followed by widespread flooding that washed out our east-west main line in Nebraska for 13 days. In addition, our ability to reroute the 50 trains per days that normally travel in this corridor was limited due to the widespread nature of the flooding. As a result, fluidity and asset utilization were impacted as we deployed additional people and equipment to operate the railroad. We took some bold actions this time around to help us restore operations. And while impactful to the business in the short term, these actions allowed us to quickly return to normal operations. Our terminals are current and we are moving traffic as presented. The new operating mindset of Unified Plan 2020 is clearly working and I'm extremely proud of our employees who worked safely and efficiently to restore operations. Turning to slide 12. I'd like to now take a minute to update you on the six key performance indicators I am focusing the team on going forward. Despite the weather, nearly all of our metrics improved year-over-year. This is a testament to the work we are doing as part of Unified Plan 2020 to improve network efficiency and service reliability. Our continued focus on asset utilization and minimizing car classifications led to a 19% improvement in freight car terminal dwell and a 7% improvement in freight car velocity compared to the first quarter of 2018. Train speed for the first quarter decreased 6% to 23.3 miles per hour as network disruptions impacted fluidity. Turning to slide 13. We improved locomotive productivity 6% versus last year as efforts to use the fleet more efficiently enabled us to park units. As of March 31st, we had approximately 1,900 locomotives stored. And even with a 4% decrease in the total workforce, our productivity was down 2% year-over-year as daily car miles declined 6% in the quarter. In addition to improving productivity, delivering a great service product is an equal goal of the team. Car trip plan compliance improved two points versus 2018 as customers benefited from increased freight car velocity and lower dwell. And we expect our customers to continue seeing a more reliable service product going forward. I know many of you watch our weekly dwell and velocity numbers and how we already noticed our improvement over the last few weeks. Turning to slide 14. The last time I spoke with you I had only been on the job about 10 days. Since then I've spent a lot of time in the field getting familiar with our network and evaluating Unified Plan 2020. As Lance mentioned, we completed our initial transportation plan changes and they are delivering good results. But I will tell you there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us to further improve asset utilization and network efficiency. Slide 14 highlights some of the recent network changes including our initial terminal rationalization results. We stopped pumping cars at Hinkle and Pine Bluff and curtailed yard operations in Salt Lake City, the Kansas City complex and Butler Yard in Wisconsin to name a few. And we continue to look for additional rationalization opportunities. For example, we have multiple intermodal facilities in the Chicago complex, which provides an opportunity to reduce operational complexity while improving our service. We also decided to pause construction of Brazos Yard. The remaining capital dollars planned for Brazos in 2019 will be reallocated to siding extension on the Sunset Corridor and a block swap yard in Santa Teresa, which will add to our network flexibility. These projects directly support our productivity initiatives, which are off to a great start as illustrated by the graph on the right. By putting more product on fewer trains, we have increased train length 7% the last couple of months and I expect to see continued improvement in this measure as the year progresses. Turning to Slide 15 and to wrap up. It's been a very busy first 90 days for me at Union Pacific. I'm having a lot of fun, and I'm excited about what's ahead. Our network showed tremendous resiliency in the face of significant weather during the quarter and we're already seeing it in our key operating metrics. As we move forward improving safety, efficiency and service reliability across our rail network, customers will benefit from an end-to-end service product that enables greater supply chain efficiency. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Jim Vena: Well, good morning, Brian. I appreciate the question. And I'll tell you I did not have my feet up on the desk, okay? So there's been a lot of very interesting – first of all, I wanted to make sure I understood how this network worked. It's very important to – that you don't make some big mistakes when you're out there trying to change a network. The last place I was at, I worked for 40 years. And after 40 years, you get a real good feel of the way the place is. So this is what I've found so far. And I don't like to put a guess about what I'm going to do. But I'll tell you I think we moved very quick. We got set back with the weather that we had in end of February and the floods that were unprecedented. In fact, I've been railroading for a long time, and I'm impressed with what the team was able to do to turn this thing around and get us back to normal operation very quickly. But – so what I'm looking at is real simple. It's – we're trying to take touch points out of the cars. We speed the cars up and you can see what we did first quarter. We rationalized the locomotives, so we don't have excess out there, and we parked a lot of locomotives and are able to handle the same traffic with substantially less. I think there's more opportunity there. We'll continue to do that. In the terminals, we have our eye on a number of terminals that make sense for us. We'll do it through this next quarter. And as we do, we'll do them cautiously. I want to make sure I don't disrupt the service too much to our customers. And slowly, but surely we'll work through this. We're not – when I'm saying slowly, it doesn't mean that, I'm going to still be looking at the terminals. So, I've got a plan written down of which ones we're going to go after next, and we'll announce them as we do them. Hope, I answered your question, Brian.
Jim Vena: Brian, listen, year-end goals are important when you're trying to do some budgeting. But for me, this is the way I look at it. So let's take a look at – look more to productivity up 6%. I was going to blow by the goal real early in the year. So do we want to stop? I don't think so. The way I look at it is there's a lot more left in the locomotive productivity. I'm going to see how fast we can get to the best number that we can the least amount of locomotives to work. I think there's still some action there, and we would have blown by that end goal before the middle of summer. So for me, it's how fast what do we need to do, do it in a smart way, and we'll blow by all the goals we had setup for the end of the year.
Jim Vena: Maybe that wasn't the way best way to describe it right, Scott? So let me be more tempered. So, on the labor productivity, we see labor continuing to drop. And it'll drop through the year as we become more efficient in handling our product. So I'm not concerned about it that we don't see adding. We see dropping and will continue to drop on labor productivity. The weather, what was interesting about the weather was just the magnitude of the place. So if you think about it, we talked about the 50 trains a day that we run on our east-west corridor. But it also went down towards Kansas City. We lost sub-divisions. And we still have one of our lines and impact on a couple of others where we're cut off rebuilding a bridge and we're still working around. So there's still some impact today. But nice part is, is we recovered quickly. PSR or when you change things, if I wanted to, I guess, I could have come on and parked 500 locomotives first day and that would have impacted. It takes a while to grow into that. But we're doing it a little smarter. We're down the number that we need to be, but I didn't do it first day. We're doing it strategically. You shut down a hump yard like when Pine Bluff got -- was shut down as a hump operation, it does take a while. And if I would have done three or four of them at the same time, we would have impacted more the network. So we're being smart about it. So that's what we're trying to do Scott.
Jim Vena: I think both answers. We're going to keep some that make sense. They're good locomotives. And if we have some excess, we're going to return some, we're going to get rid of some, but we're working through that. But Rob maybe you have a…
Jim Vena: Yes, listen, Allison. For me, I don't look at it as I need to shut a hump yard down. What I look at is, is how do I speed up the railcars? And as a team, how do we get more utilization of the railcars, better utilization of the locomotives, better utilization of the people? So you can see what we did in the first quarter even with the impact. Our train size jumped up 7%. That's key. That tells us that we're moving more railcars on the same number of trains, and you can do the math, what that does on people starts. You see an increase in locomotive productivity up 6% first quarter. And we will continue to look for opportunities. And I know there's opportunity there. So -- and we do that. We have less locomotives and it impacts the whole system on how we do it from mechanical engineering, we removed a number of trains. So we have started. So the terminals is a subset of what we're trying to do. And maybe I'm getting too long on this, but it's real important. I don't wake up in the morning, and say, I'm going to shut down another hump yard. If they can save on the touch points, if it speeds up the railcars and if it makes sense that it's a cheaper model to shut down the hump yards. That's why Hinkle went as a hump yard. That's why Pine Bluff has gone as a hump yard. And that's why Brazos we looked at and said, we don't need it right now with the mix of traffic that we have and the efficiency we can do with the terminals we have. That's the way I look at it. So hopefully, Allison I explained it to say, I'm not looking for the next one. Now let me finish this. Is there a next one? Yes, there is. But we'll announce it when we pull the trigger.
Jim Vena: Allison what I can say is, is we are current and we're very fluid in Houston. There's a lot of traffic. There's multiple railroads that operate on each other's tracks and we've got to work close to make sure that we get all the traffic as I want us all to be successful. And it's nice that the other railroads are also looking at how they improve the efficiency of their operation. And I think we've got to work together to make sure that we've got a clean operation through Houston. But if you take a look at what we've been able to do, we've been able to increase the productivity and the number of cars put through in our Houston complex and we have to switch from all the customers and we'll continue to look for opportunities to make a much more fluid so we turn the cars quicker. Good number to look at is our terminal dwell which we were able to drop substantially in the first quarter from last year. You drop terminal dwell by 20% which started before I got here. So, I give a lot of credit to Tom Lischer and the whole operating group and the whole company. But at the end of it we drop that by 20% we're more fluid. So, I think we have a solution. We've all fairly current right now and we'll work with the rest of the parties as we move ahead to make it as fluid as any other place in the railroad.
Jim Vena: Listen if we look at it we've said that we're going to be sub-61%. So, we've got everything in place to be able to beat sub-61% and we're going to deliver it. And there's a lot of projects that we have in operations and through the whole company. It's -- this is not just an operations delivered product this is an entire company delivering leadership from the whole company. So, I think the simple answer is we're going to deliver under 61% And I can't use that word about go buy it anymore, okay? But I'm very comfortable that we've got the right product in place operationally in the rest of the company to deliver that.
Jim Vena: I think the team -- Tom, great question. The team did a great job of speeding up the railcars getting rid of some touches. I think the next step is we get to refine that. We -- when I look at the network we have trains that are operating that we have opportunities to be able to speed them up make -- to be able to start less trains so that's the next piece that we're doing. So, great foundation built on by the entire team before I got here on January 14 and we're building on that, but lots of opportunity from what I see in how we operate our trains and yards.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, I don't want to get in commenting specifically about another carrier. But I'll tell you the competitive marketplace is still very strong. There's still a lot of pressure. There's a lot of pressure on the trucking side. I feel like our commercial team did an excellent job of pricing to the market. I also feel like as Jim and the operating folks get us back to the reliable service that we saw before the flood and the snow that that's an opportunity for us to price to the value.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, we've been talking to our customers and we do know that there's still some inventory out in the warehouses out on the West Coast. And I think the best thing is to let us get through April and into May and we'll get a little bit more clarity on that, but we are seeing some of that being worked off right now.
Kenny Rocker: And Tom, the other thing I'll add is that Jim and I our commercial teams are working together, so our envision of a more reliable product. And again, we think that will help us grow in the marketplace.
Kenny Rocker: Well, first of all, I debate you on the fact. We really appreciate the coal and the Ag business. So, I need to clarify that. It's a small upside to that and we're working with the receivers and the shippers on both sides of both the coal and the Ag side.
Kenny Rocker: So, yeah, just I want to reiterate the low single digit volume forecast for the year. And yeah, we are talking to our customers. The economy looks stable right now, and there is sort of a mixed bag with it. I'll tell you that there are commodities like our metals business. I talked a little bit about our petroleum. We talked for a while about plastics. Industrial production is still on the positive side even though it was revised downward a little bit and the uncertainty is around international trade. On one end you've got the Ag business that we export out that we've talked about. And then the other piece that we're looking at is, will there be an impact on the trade coming from Asia? And how will that demand look. But overall, we feel like it's a pretty stable economy for us to grow in.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So we lap those here within the next couple of quarters -- next couple of months here. And yes, I do feel very bullish about the pipeline that's out there our business development pipeline. And as I've stated, the beauty of what we're seeing with this more reliable service products, we saw that before the floods is that it opens up rail-centric market for us. And as we get more confident, we're expecting that to open up truck-centric type opportunity. But we've got a good cadence of opportunities that we can compete on and we just want to make sure that we can win those at the appropriate levels for us.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So we -- you're right we saw a stronger pricing environment during the second half of last year. I'll tell you this year, we are seeing some softness in the spot market. So we still think that the overall contractual truck market is a stable market. I'll call that stable. So the expectation really is that the commercial team they're just going to price to the market that's out there and we're expecting that a more reliable service product will also help us in that.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. What I'd say is that you've see our price come up sequentially. I get -- I have a guess that I can see how we're pricing this business and we are pleased that we're pricing to the market. I won't go into any details on how we're differentiating the pricing instead of our domestic versus our international intermodal business. But I can tell you that as the market shows out, we price to that market. And I'll continue to say that as we get our service product more reliable and also in our intermodal network that we'll expect that we'll be able to price accordingly.
Rob Knight: Yes. Yes, this is Rob. Yes. I mean we're going to work through that as Jim says and we'll look at it and uncover any opportunity we think we have for our locomotives as appropriate, but there's no imminent impairment charge plan here.
Rob Knight: Yes. Ken, I mean as you know the first quarter is generally a little bit higher operating ratio and that's traditionally true. There was a lot of ins and outs as we walked through in the first quarter. Fuel as an example was a tailwind in that we don't know exactly how that's going to play out through the balance of the year. But to answer your question without giving specific quarterly operating ratio guidance for us to get to our confident guidance of a sub 61% that obviously implies that we're expecting to make great progress, which we all feel really good about great progress from here on out for the balance of the year.
Rob Knight: Let me see, if I -- I'll take the second part of that question first. And that is without -- again without giving specific numbers, I would just tell you that it is a part. I mean, these initiatives that Jim is talking about and others are all going to be critical contributors to us achieving that $500 million plus of productivity this year. So without giving you a specific numbers, it is a part of that. And of course, as you've heard me say before, we're not going to stop at just the five -- if we get an opportunity to go to the plus, we're going to take advantage of that as these initiatives continue to play out this year.
Rob Knight: Maybe if I can just chime in there. This is Rob. It is -- you obviously can tell from our results and our tone that we feel really, really good about the early innings of the implementation of the PSR the Unified Plan 2020 and G55 + 0 initiatives, et cetera in the face of the very big challenges that we faced in the first quarter with down volume. So, if you look at the balance of the year and our guidance is that for the full year volume will be on the positive side of ledger. So, we think we're in a great position to leverage not only the great work that Jim just walked through, but the added positive volume that we are projecting for the balance of the year. The combination of that is what gets us to that sub-61%.
Rob Knight: Yeah, Justin, this is Rob. That's a great question. Our $500 million plus productivity guidance goal is a net. So, we achieved $60 million in the first quarter to your point. And yes, there will be some lingering carryover weather related cost in the second quarter, but significantly less than what we experienced in the first quarter. But that does imply for us to get $500 million plus for the full year when you consider we have only $60 million of it which was great work considering the conditions that shows our confidence and our ability to continue to make progress as the year progresses.
Rob Knight: If I can just make one other comment, just a clarification. At Union Pacific, we do not count real estate sales in our operating ratio calculation.
Rob Knight: Hey, Chris, this is Rob. I mean, you know, we're not going to give a specific headcount number. But when you look at our confidence coming out of the first quarter where our headcount was down a total of four with some challenges. Obviously, that impacted that number and our commitment of a $500 million plus productivity number, which is going to be a -- a big chunk of that is going to come from the labor line. It does imply that we are confident in our ability to continue to drive headcount down and hopefully with positive volume that is our plan. So, the combination of that is powerful and that's what gets to the sub-61%.
Rob Knight: Yes. David I'll just reiterate what you heard us say and by the way we're very proud of the effort that has been under way for several years to get us to the -- where we are today in terms of a sub-15% of our revenue in terms of a confidence level of our ability to spend capital where the returns are there and still be at that 15% or lower number. That's a pretty good progress. So I would just say that, we totally understand the value and the impact of capital dollars both on the positive side in terms of investing where growth and opportunity and returns are there, but also on the cash side of being as disciplined as we can and not spending capital where we don't need to spend and freeing up capital dollars where we can. We're all about that. But at this point in time, our guidance remains 15% or less of revenue under capital spending and a lot more to play out as you've heard from Jim all morning today, as he looks at different opportunities going forward.
Rob Knight: No. Other than Walter I did call out the $21 million Arkansas item that will show up in the second quarter. So that will show up in the second quarter and the full year as lower rate than what we previously were projecting based on that and the impact of equity exercise of options on our tax rate.
