James Young: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call. Before we get started, I just wanted to thank you for bearing with us on our change in release schedule this time around as we work through some extra logistics in the holiday week. We'll be back on our regular Thursday morning before market time slots next time around.  With me here today in Omaha are Jack Koraleski, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Lance Fritz, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our CFO. As you can see, we started the year off strong, reporting record results for the first quarter. Earnings were a record $1.29 per share, a 28% increase over 2010. Driving this gain was a 15% increase in operating income to a first quarter best of $1.1 billion. This is the first time UP's first quarter operating income has topped the $1 billion mark. Drivers behind the year-over-year improvement include a 5% volume increase and core pricing gain. Jack will provide commentary on our top line growth, but we again achieved volume gains in all six business groups for the fourth consecutive quarter. Intermodal Industrial Products and Chemical shipments drove about 2/3 of the volume growth. We did face some challenges in the quarter, including extreme winter weather across most of the nation and a significant rise in fuel prices. The team will provide more details on both of these areas in a few minutes. Despite these challenges, though, we remain focused improving profitability. We achieved a record first quarter operating ratio of 74.7%, and that includes 2.4 points of negative fuel price impact. The strong performance enabled us to generate record free cash flow after dividends. Throughout the quarter, we remained focused on delivering safe, efficient, high-quality service. As Jack will show you, these efforts were recognized through record customer satisfaction, strong service levels, delivered value for our customers while supporting our price gains and attracting new business to the railroad. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jack.
James Young: Thanks, Rob. Obviously, there's still some uncertainties for the balance of the year, such as the impact of higher fuel prices and the overall economy. So far, the economy continues to gradually improve, and we expect to see this reflected in stronger business volumes as we move back into peak season later in the year. We feel good about our prospects for strong performance in this environment, and we're taking the necessary steps to ensure that UP will be ready to successfully meet this demand. When you look at it, our plan for 2011 remains very straightforward. We'll continue to deliver on our customer commitments by running a fluid and efficient railroad, focus on safety and high levels of customer service. We'll leverage our volume opportunities to drive productivity in financial results, and we'll continue to make the critical capital investments that support our long-term strategy for profitable growth. Taken together, these efforts will translate into increased value for customers and stronger cash flows and financial returns for our shareholders. With that, let's open it up to your questions.
James Young: Justin, I'll take that one. No, I don't see that as a challenge on our long-term goal. In fact, if you think about what it does on Highway cost, I think it helps you in terms when you think about your volume story that's out here, and our team is doing a good job in terms of fuel recovery. But I don't see it as -- sure, I'd like to have $85 barrel of fuel. My concern is not so much in the ratio, but what it may do to consumer demand long term, but we're not backing off our commitment.
James Young: But Justin, keep in mind that is only if we see our returns continuing to improve. We're making a bet here long term, and when you look at some of our investments here -- I feel good about what's happening with our profitability, our return on invested capital. But I'll tell you, if we start to see that move the other way, you're going to see capital go back the other way. I mean, the math is pretty straightforward.
James Young: Bill, the biggest -- the prime driver is the timing. It is about that two-month timing. It's at $0.08 per share.
James Young: Well, I think our first job here is generate the cash that puts a position in the company in terms of growth. So again, we'll look at long-term capital growth. We'll look at our dividend policy in terms of where we're going and return cash to shareholders. I don't see us levering up significantly in terms of borrowing to buy back stock. But you see from our first quarter cash flow, we had a very good quarter, in fact, a record quarter, and that really puts us in a very good position to continue to reward our shareholders.
James Young: And I'll tell you, I think you have to be careful about looking at first quarter and extrapolating that out the rest of the year, particularly on the Domestic Intermodal side. We are seeing it start to pick up, but we're going to be very focused on the financial returns in that business.
James Young: Well, here's the math. We're going to lose 4,000-plus employees this year through attrition. We're going to -- right now, our current hiring numbers are around that 4,500 plus or minus range. As Lance said, you need about -- when you look at TE&Y and our conductors and engineers you need I think minimum six months to get them hired and trained and on the ground. So we, clearly, are making a bet on the second half of the year with peak season. Now if we move through the second quarter here and we see the economy start to falter, we will pull that back. One of the things we do, we've been able to show, we've been able to take advantage of is the attrition. Attrition in the company actually peaks about May or June because the way our agreements work is you need to work x summer days to qualify for your full vacation. So we're a little bit ahead of that right now, but I think it's something that we -- you also have some higher capital spending that's out here, but I don't necessarily see it as a risk. The risk to me is not being prepared to handle the growth and provide the service and provide that value. I think that's the real risk, because we can cut back costs pretty quickly that's out here. But I'll tell you, we've got a great service proposition, and we're getting great value out of it.
James Young: Well, again, I believe we're getting some feedback from customers in terms that you would expect, kind of the normal peak. You have your international -- I mean, if you look at trends and you assume somewhat of a normal economy, historically, you should see peak start maybe July or so, early August. You're going to build. You've got the fall harvest that comes into play. You have new auto production that comes into play. All of those things happen in the second half of the year, and that's where you get your traditional peak moving up.
James Young: Well, depends on volume in terms of what happens here. Right now, my view of the rest of the year is you're going to see higher volumes in third quarter than we did the prior year. That's not here. And we are front-end loaded when you look at some of these costs. The question is -- we have a lot of people in training today. We're spending a lot of money that's not generating a dollar of revenue. So you have to almost think of leverage in terms of the third quarter as it moves up. But it is, to some extent, front-end loaded.
James Young: Yes, the big jump in cost has happened. I mean, you're not going to see another spike-up in cost because we built -- we've got the plan in terms of the hiring program. It's pretty well staffed right now. So you're not going to see a huge jump in cost going forward.
James Young: That's the way the math would work. But you have to keep thinking about how the volume numbers and the timing of when the attrition hits us out here. So I don't think you're going to see -- we're ahead of the game right now, again, in terms of when you look at the full complement of hiring. So I do think you've got your biggest spread right now, but it's, again, a function of volume going forward here. So to me, though, again, Ed, the key is handling that volume that comes at us. And I'm pretty confident right now we're going to see a peak through this year.
James Young: Ed, we compete every day. We win some and we lose some. We pay attention to our strengths in our markets that are there. When you look at -- you guys understand the truck industry as well as anybody. And if you assume the economy's going to start picking up and you think about the cost on energy in the highway and some of the challenges they have, I think the market, the pricing opportunity is pretty good for us. But we're going to make our decisions based on what's best for the UP railroad here in our corridors and that gives us the greatest value.
James Young: Scott, I'll tag you with the perspective. When we are down there, talking to folks in New Mexico, the interest is huge, including the dray carriers. So this is going to be a very nice facility that, I think, is very much needed at that location, and I just don't see that. I mean, Jack, you guys...
James Young: Ken, keep in mind you're seeing a lot of those costs in place right now, the hiring, the training, the pulling of locomotives out of storage, getting them prepped. I mean, that was what we're talking about earlier that you're incurring these costs now that aren't generating a dollar of revenue. That should really leverage here in the second half.
James Young: No, it's not going to decelerate. What I was talking about, you had 4.5% first quarter this year. If you look a year ago, first quarter, we had 3.5%. Now it's down from what we had shown in third and fourth quarter. But be careful about assuming that's the trend. I think it will not decelerate. And depending how the demand plays out, we're going to take advantage of the opportunities going forward.
James Young: Yes, Walter, I'd just tell you, we still have a lot of single-track railroad out there, and deciding can be what you're passing tracks can be a limiting factor on train size. And that's what Lance is referring to. When we look at this capital investment piece in there, there's a productivity train size-wise as we get that capability in.
James Young: We still have a lot of opportunity, long term, though, on this network. I mean, we put a lot of money and capital and capacity efficiency. But to me, there are opportunities at least for the foreseeable future.
James Young: That's okay. That's a pretty strategic question in terms of what you look at. We have not had a real strong program on trailers over the years. In fact, we've really pushed a lot into the double-stack containers. But where the economics are playing right now with fuel, you're going to see us start to move in that world in terms of putting products in place that are pure trailer products.
James Young: Well, again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. And as I said earlier, we will be back on our normal schedule next quarter, Thursday morning, before the market opens. So thanks for your patience this time, and I look forward to talking with you then.
John Koraleski: Justin, I think, first of all, you're correct and that there is always a seasonal downturn or falloff after the end of the year and as you get into the first quarter. And we saw that. Volume is picking up. It's getting stronger. I always look at the number of containers we have in storage. And even with some incrementals that we bought last year, we only have about 4,500 left in storage, and that's in April. So we're already starting to ramp up towards what looks like to be, with continued economic growth, a fairly decent peak season for us. So we're very comfortable with our plan. We're seeing that it play itself out, and we're not seeing anything at this point in time that's concerning us.
John Koraleski: Yes, Tom, it really kind of depends on the marketplace. It's certainly not going to get any worse than that. And if the market continues to improve and we start to see an even faster ramp-up in things like peak season, we could do a little better than that. You understand clearly that our big legacy push isn't really going to impact us much this year. It'll do more to support 2012 than it does 2011. But we feel very good about our pricing plan.
John Koraleski: Tom, keep in mind that legacy isn't the only place that we are able to get price. It's really across the board with all six of our business groups. A big part of that's the value proposition. I would tell you right now and again, let's assume the economy continues on kind of slow growth, as we've said. You think about what's happening maybe on the trucking side, I think the pricing opportunities are pretty darn good for the rest of the year.
John Koraleski: Chris, but you had a pretty big jump in, I would call nonproductive costs that we've got in our first quarter, getting ready for the volume in the third and fourth quarter. In fact, I think Rob in his numbers said about $35 million or so, plus or minus, is associated with training and pulling some locomotives out. So as you think about that, we're going to lever that very, very nicely in the second half of the year, as, those people come out of training, get the locomotives ready to go, you start to see that business, Rob. There'll be very nice leverage second half.
John Koraleski: But you should have some productivity on the volume side. You're not going to see one for one with volume and wage increases.
John Koraleski: Well, now the phone is kind of ringing off the wall, actually, in terms of inquiries both on Eastern coal, and actually, we're getting some fairly decent calls on export, which is not our strong suit, but we do have access to Missouri River -- or the Mississippi River terminals and some West Coast. So we're actually seeing some interest there. Both of those are good for us. We don't really have any confirmed deals, but we're certainly talking to a lot of different customers who are interested. And hopefully, as time plays out and if the export markets stay strong, we'll see more of that draw into the East.
John Koraleski: The stockpiles right now, the last recorded information we had said that SPRB stockpiles are around 55.6 days. Normal would be around 56.4. So just slightly below what would be normal would set us up quite nicely here for the summer burn season that should be coming up.
John Koraleski: There's a lot of places that are looking for an opportunity. So I'm not sure it's completely done yet in terms of what the potential site locations are. Some of them to us seem a little bit more extreme than others, but there is certainly a lot of interest in developing new port facilities and the capability to handle some coal exports at existing ports, including not only West Coast and Canada, but also down in Mexico as well. So that's the first issue. The second issue, in terms of timing, we were actually hopeful to see some activity towards the end of this year and the beginning of 2012. The one that we're probably most interested in is the one up in Longview, Washington with the Australian mining firm. I think it's called Amber or Ambre. And they sounded good to go, except for the EPA issues, and that has posed a delay. But we're hopeful that we can still see some activity there by early 2012. Really depends on what happens with the government and the EPA.
John Koraleski: Yes. The only expenditure we would consider is the rail infrastructure to ensure that we could get the product there.
John Koraleski: As we looked at it, Scott, certainly, having the lower natural gas prices is a benefit to U.S. producers, North American producers, so that's a real plus for us. I think one of the key criteria here that you have to look at is, though, the available capacity. Our Chemical customers are doing quite well right now in terms of overall production. And to significantly improve on the long term means additional facilities will have to be built, which will take some time.
John Koraleski: Jon, that's a good question. As we looked at the Intermodal marketplace today and we look at some of where we stand, we're being very disciplined in our approach to going after business, and looking at the market we're staying very focused on our reinvestability threshold and looking to be opportunistic. We're working with our IMC partners in terms of business availability. And right now, they're kind of going through bid season, so there's a lot of business up for grabs that everybody is vying for. So until we get through May and into June, it's still somewhat of a moving target for us.
John Koraleski: If you look at the existing customer base, if you assume that we have a normal summer burn and things like that, we should see a nice ramp-up as we move into the summer season and see that business grow. I mean, a lot of it still depends on economic recovery, though, too. When you look at it, Jon, there still is some discount or some reduction that's taking place because of industrial production and some of those things, but we have not yet completely recovered to where we were before the economic downturn.
John Koraleski: You know what, overall, Christian, typically, when you think about UP, our run rate for export coal has been somewhere in the neighborhood of 1 million to 2 million tons. I think this year, we're probably going to be in the 4 million to 5 million ton range, and I think that the potential is there if all these environmental -- there's a lot of what ifs with the environmental stuff, but we could pick up another 2 million, 3 million tons, something like that, for next year.
John Koraleski: Yes, we're hitting some pricing for fourth quarter and April, and we'll kind of sit tight and watch what happens as the markets evolve. As with the tariff, we can increase price on a 20-day notice. So we're just kind of watching to see what the market dynamics look like at this point in time.
John Koraleski: You know what, I don't have the specific numbers that we have, but they apply to different commodity groups.
John Koraleski: We had a solid quarter for Mexico. I think our growth was up about 15% in the first quarter, which is good. Business trends, as we look across the scope of the business in Mexico, the only one of our six businesses that's not really showing much action right at the moment is coal, and that's because it's a very small portion of the business, and there's a bid in place as it goes right now. So as we look across all of the rest of the businesses, whether it be Ag, Autos, Industrial Products, the Chemical business and all that, we see great potential. The Mexico economy is tending to be a little more robust than we are in the U.S. And we continue to see near-terming or bringing business back from Asian rim into the Mexico business environment, which is very supportive of our franchise then. And we have a great working relationship with both of the Mexico railroads, so we see a lot of potential there.
John Koraleski: When we look at, Scott -- and we have been spending a lot of time in Mexico on our business development focus, and we see a lot of enthusiasm. We see a lot of partners willing to work with us there as we think about it. Of course, we always -- we're a wholesaler in the Intermodal world, so if some of our IMC partners that are arranging for drayage and those kinds of things for the most part, but we see a lot of cooperation and potential.
John Koraleski: I think you're there now in terms of the TOFC. And it's not only fuel, it's the other pressures on the truck side that helped drive this. So we're going to start moving down that road. We still have lot of opportunity on the container side, though, too, when you look at it. In all I'm being very intelligent about the returns and the service and the products you put in place because -- I'll tell you one thing on the Intermodal, particularly on the trailers. You put a product in, you better deliver. There are no exceptions. It's a very time-sensitive market, but you're going to see more out of us on the trailer side in the future.
Robert Knight: Justin, I mean, we will benefit from the continuation of the bonus depreciation, but we really didn't change our capital planning so much around the result of that bonus depreciation. So we will benefit from it, but it didn't cause us to pull ahead. And just a reminder, remember, the guidance that we've previously given going forward is that our capital spending should be -- we expect in the 17% to 18% of revenue as we move forward over the next couple of years.
Robert Knight: No, you're going to see the benefit of the $750 million reflect itself in 2012, and then we have a number of year-end 12/31 contracts that will impact 2012, providing we're successful in renegotiating in keeping that business on our railroad. And the 2012 number is not as big -- the 2012 actual in the year legacy contract is not as big as what we have with the combination of the year-end here and then the 2012 itself. I don't have the specific number here with me right at the moment.
Robert Knight: As I pointed out, there's some inflationary pressures, like, for example, on the comp line, and half of that 10% growth in the quarter was what I would call and did call inflationary pressures. T the other half was related to volume. Similar on the Purchased Services, where we experienced bringing out locomotives from storage, bringing out other equipment, et cetera, so those were unusual pressures in that sense. And I would expect that some of those pressures, particularly in the comp line, will continue throughout the year. The component that's related to volume, as we've always said, headcount, as it relates to volume, will grow with volume, so we'd like to see volume continue to grow. We expect headcount then to continue to grow as a result, but not at a one-for-one basis because it's offset by productivity. But the other half, the inflationary pressures, are likely to stick with us throughout the balance of the year.
Robert Knight: Just one more point on another category. Purchased Services and others, which was up 10%, I would expect as we get into the second quarter that the run rate year-over-year would look more like a 5% than a 10%. That 10% this year was as much a result of a more difficult comp from last year in the first quarter. And I wouldn't expect that that would continue in the second quarter and beyond.
Robert Knight: Let me go back to Tom Wadewitz's earlier question where he asked about what the book of business or book of revenue is in our legacy for 2012. It's $300 million. So again, we haven't given precise timing of when that is. I think it's pretty much throughout the year, but $300 million is the answer to Tom's earlier question.
Robert Knight: Yes. The amount of revenue that we have covered with some sort of fuel mechanism, and remember, we have like 75 different fuel mechanisms out there, is in the low 90s. It's not a precise number that we track as readily as you're asking, but it's in that low 90s. So we've moved it up from that 85 mark.
Robert Knight: Yes, the net is at $225 million per quarter. That's still a number that I think is the right one to think through.
Robert Knight: Ken, just remember, I did previously say, not on this call but in previous, and it's still an accurate number, that was more of an item on our revenue, and it probably cost us about a point on volume in the quarter, the weather did.
Robert Knight: Yes, the way we look at it, the guidance that I would give on that is about $75 million to $100 million for the full year. And it could be lumpy from quarter to quarter, so I'd look at it that way.
Robert Knight: Yes, the rate was flat as a result of weather and other situations. You have stumped me in terms of the math you just ran through, but all I can say is that the lag is the driver of that delta between the recovery we had in the quarter and the fuel expense.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Strauss is going to do three things for us, Scott. It's going to be an Intermodal yard that'll serve El Paso and also south-of-the-border business. It's going to be a run-through facility that'll take some of the pressure off El Paso on our critical premium Sunset route, and it's going to be an Intermodal block swapping facility that will allow us to grow outside of the LA basin both on Intermodal and premium Intermodal products.
Lance Fritz: Sure, Ken. In terms of how much capacity is remaining on the network, we've talked about historically being able to run fluidly. That is with high service levels, 190,000, 195,000 seven-day carloads. We've managed to muscle through 205,000 seven-day carloads historically, just not at the current service levels. We remain confident of that, and we have a capacity program this year that'll continue to put us ahead of that growth curve. In terms of network terminal dwell and other resources that are required to kind of manage the volume growth and keep dwell down, we've got a hiring plan that's going to help us clearly in the first quarter. In the south, we might have had a few areas where we're a little tighter on crews than we'd like to be. We've got graduations of our trainmen coming out in those areas as we speak. That would show up in a little bit of dwell. Likewise, our capital investments in equipment and locomotives, while locomotives aren't required because we've got plenty in storage, they will help us as we're able to DPU more of our traffic. Every single one of the locomotives we're purchasing is going to be DPU capable. That will help us with productivity as well.
Lance Fritz: Okay, Walter, let's start with the DPU question. We've got a fair portion, a large portion of our road fleet DPU-ed. If you look at it from the percentage of gross ton-miles that we run that are DPU-ed, it's north of 60%. We anticipate being able to grow that. Every time we purchase a locomotive, we're going to be able to grow that. In terms of train sizes, we've talked about historically, that depends on the corridor. Having said that, we've got opportunity to grow train sizes in each one of the networks: premium, manifest and bulk. So it just depends on the corridor. And we're making investments right now in our capital plan to be able to increase train sizes through this year and then through the future years.
Lance Fritz: We're constantly looking for opportunities using Unified Plan and investment to improve productivity. One of those ways is through train size. Continuous improvement into that area is the realistic goal and what we're achieving. I don't think we look at that and think of one perfect balance at a moment in time.
