John Koraleski: Welcome to Union Pacific’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today here in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Lance Fritz, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning we’re pleased to report that Union Pacific achieved fourth quarter earnings of $1.61 per share, an increase of 27% compared to the fourth quarter 2013 and another quarterly record. Total volumes were up 6% with increases in all six of our business groups. Industrial products and coal showed particular strength up 10% and 9% respectively.  These strong volumes along with solid core pricing and productivity helped drive 3.6 points of improvement on our operating ratio to a record 61.4% for the fourth quarter. These strong fourth quarter results rounded out a full year 2014 which was very successful on many fronts. We posted record financial results in revenue, operating income, earnings per share, and operating ratio. The strong demand we experienced back in the first quarter was sustained throughout 2014 driving total volume growth of 7% for the year.  Robust volumes challenged our network for much of the year and we remain focused on adding the necessary resources to safely improve service and we’re encouraged with the progress that we’re making. We remain fully committed to delivery safe, efficient, value added service for our customers. With that, I’m going to turn it over to Eric.
John Koraleski: As you’d expect with 2014 behind us, we’re intently focused on the year ahead. Here’s what it’s looking like. Overall, the US economy continues to move forward at a moderate pace but of course, there’s always some uncertainty out there. Clearly, one of the biggest uncertainties is the outlook for energy markets which will bring both challenges and opportunities as we move ahead. Lower energy prices could slow the recent [shale] related domestic energy boom depending on how low the prices get and how long they stay there. On the other hand, lower gasoline prices could spur continued auto sales and help strengthen the consumer economy which would create opportunities in our other market segments. On balance, with all the pluses and minuses taken together we expect to see positive volume growth for the 2015 year. We’ll watch closely and stay agile so that we can meet our customer’s needs across our diverse franchise. We’ll also continue to build on the progress we’ve made in improving our network capability so that we can provide the safe reliable service our customers expect and deserve. We’re entering the year well-resourced and we’re looking forward to safely providing efficient value added service for our customers and increasing returns for our shareholders in 2015. With that, let’s open up the line for your questions.
John Koraleski: I think your heads in the right place on that. I think when you look at it, I think popular opinion says consumer drives two thirds of the economy. If consumers are having discretionary spending and they’re going to buy automobiles, they’re going to build houses, they’re going to buy new furniture, consumer goods, those kinds of things, those kind of all hit right within the sweet spot of our franchise and we’ve seen that in the fourth quarter, the construction products up 17%, lumber up 10%, automobile business the SAR at 16.7% so it’s not unreasonable to think that knocking on the door of $17 million for 2015.  Again, when we add it all up pluses and minuses, we think at the end of the year barring anything that is unusual that we haven’t seen at this point in time, we’re going to still end up with positive volume by the time we get to the end of the year.
John Koraleski: Especially when the cycle times improve we’re able to pull locomotives out of - put them back in storage pull them out of service, those kinds of things. Those are the least productive units that we’ll be storing so there is just some natural productivity occurs as velocity spools up. I think our latest numbers that we reported is a velocity of 25.3 and headed in the right direction so we feel good about that. 
John Koraleski: We don’t really see anything that’s changing our view on our pricing model at this point in time. Reinvestability has to be the threshold to get onto the Union Pacific franchise, price to market, take advantage of opportunities across the franchises as we see them and we don’t see anything that’s happened here recently that would cause us to veer from that at all.
John Koraleski: I think overall when you look at it, it will depend on which market. So, if it’s a manifest business, if it’s a lumber business, things like that tend to have a somewhat longer haul than some of our frac sand. But you know, there are so many moving parts to this that it’s pretty difficult for us to say what mix is going to come our way as we look ahead to the year.
John Koraleski: I think Senator Thune has kind of opened the door to comments and working with the industry and asking us what we think about the provisions of the bill and things like that. We’ve been able to provide some input. As always, we try to be a positive voice at the table and look at both the good opportunities as well as the challenges that each piece of legislation presents and I have no concern that we won’t be able to do that again. I think we’ll have an opportunity here to help shape that piece of legislation and work to mitigate any of the negative consequences and hopefully even add some positives for us.
John Koraleski: I think one of the things as we look at this and as we talk to our customers, first of all this is still a relatively early phenomena in terms of the dramatic reduction in oil prices that we’ve seen. Nobody that I can find expects that this is going to be a long term trend and certainly no one at this point in time has made any decisions to alter long term capital, facility expansions, or things like that. I think it’s just way too early to see if this is sustainable trend in energy prices.
John Koraleski: Absolutely, the investments that you outlined have helped us in terms of velocity and service performance. You take just a little snapshot like Fort Worth and Tower 55, we increased speed through that facility on both the north/south and east/west route. We increased capacity adding the ability to run an incremental 20 trains a day through the facility and we reduced the complexity of the facility itself and simplified it’s signal systems which is a safety enhancement. One project that did all three and we’ve been seeing the benefit of it and on that particular route that impacts our manifest product to and from the shale play, it impacts our premium intermodal product from the west coast to the southwest United States. You outlined it just right.
John Koraleski: Thanks everybody for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you again in April.
Eric Butler: I think you have it exactly right where there are ins and outs in terms of there have already been reported probably about 20% rig reduction but the well capitalized companies are focused on continuing to drill where they could make their profit and there’s a wide range of economics in all of the shales, so thinking of all those factors. Having said that, I think it really is too early to tell how all of that is going to play out. We certainly don’t know if oil prices will remain this low. If oil prices increase certainly, that’s going to be a lift for us so there are a lot of ins and outs.  We feel really, really good that we have the premier franchise in terms of kind of frac sand coverage. We have the best franchise for most of the major shales, particularly the shales that will arguably still be profitable the Eagle Ford, Permian, you can see growth in the Niobrara. There’s even rumblings about the Haynesville coming back. We feel really, really good about our franchise and our position and at this point we, like everybody else, is keeping a close eye on it.
Eric Butler: We’ve historically said and I think the market convention was kind of the switch over point was below the mid twos for natural gas pricing. The Colorado Utah impact was really an export coal world coal price impact, it’s not a domestic US natural gas impact. As we look forward we’re not really seeing a lot of switch over impact for us now. We are still seeing replenishment. As you suggested the inventory numbers for December should come out here in the next couple of days, we still expect that inventories are going to be low when they come out here in the next couple of days but the other - we’ve said forever, the real driver is weather and the economy and so that will be the ultimate driver for our coal volumes.  We do feel really good about where we stand from a position - one of the strategic factors that I think may have changed from the past is that if you go a year ago and what happened with natural gas prices there was a lot of volatility and I think there’s been rethinking on many of the utilities to really think coal as a base line fuel as a risk hedge against the natural gas volatility. For that reason I feel pretty good about our coal outlook.
Eric Butler: I think we’ve said historically that the spread can be pretty wide, as much as 25% to 30% in some lanes and it can be narrow, as low as 10%. I think the factors that we’ve been talking about are still there or even growing. The factors being driver shortages, I think that is still a factor that is going to drive conversions. If you look at the experience that we’ve had, we’ve had another year of record domestic intermodal volumes. You can look at our fourth quarter volumes and we’ve had new products and services.  Last year we talked a lot about the new services that we put in place. We opened Santa Teresa, so we’re entering new markets. You still have driver shortages. Growth in domestic intermodal is still a sweet spot. There still is a gap there, but as we are selling out value our goal is to grow volume and close that gap.
Eric Butler: We still think we have strong opportunity to grow price in our intermodal book of business. If you look at what happened in ’14 as demand increased on truck drivers, etc., some truck loads, some truck entities, have shorter term prices so they probably were able to respond quicker than entities that have longer term contractual arrangements, but we feel really good about our opportunity to price going forward. 
Eric Butler: I think you probably know that both sides did ask for federal mediation so that mediator was appointed I think, last week or so and they’re going through the process. I don’t think we have any unique knowledge of how that process is going. We’re hopeful that the issue does get resolved. We had put a contingency plan in place in the event of a work stoppage and we’ve communicated those to our customers in terms of the things that we will do to manage our network and do the best job we can of managing customer needs and expectations through a work stoppage. As Jack said, we’re staying close to it. I’m not sure we have any specific knowledge beyond the parties in a federal mediation that is going on.
Eric Butler: The uncertainty has nothing to do with price, the price is driven by kind of the market opportunities and the value of our product and that still remains. Certainly, in the short term BCOs are doing what they need to do to protect their supply chain. That’s expected, that’s what has occurred at times in the past when similar labor issues have gone on in any port. We think going forward, that once the issues are resolved and they’re behind, the whole supply chain effectiveness of the rail transportation network, our rail transportation network with the ports of Long Beach, LA, still is a premier way of getting products into this country.  The Southern California west coast destination market is still a huge market so we are very comfortable going forward with the value of our franchise and our proposition once this labor issue is resolved.
Eric Butler: I think in the past, and I’m checking the number, but I think in the past we’ve probably said about 5% of our volume is related to that. I think that’s about the number. Just to be clear you were asking in total what is our oil, frac sand market share percent of our volume and we’ve said 4.5% all in. 2.5% from the sand the rest like, 1.5% from oil, and then the remainder is some of the materials, pipe, etc., just to kind of size our total.
Eric Butler: I think what you’re asking is geographically where are our markets. We’ve shared before kind of the fastest growing states are kind of in the southwest and the west and then the southeast. Certainly, when you think about the south to the southwest and the west we have a great franchise exposure to those. Certainly, some of the growth has come from the energy related growth in Texas, particularly around the Houston market, but we’re seeing good growth in our construction products in housing in non-Houston non-Texas markets also.
Eric Butler: There’s not a significant difference in the length of hauls between those two. There’s a minor difference because again, our domestic business runs east west from the west coast kind of to the Midwest Chicago and Midwest interchange and our international business runs over that same route. The minor difference would be the mix of our business that runs north south which would have a shorter length of haul.
Eric Butler: As we’ve said throughout 2014 and as we’re saying today, we feel good about our market value and our opportunity for pricing and we have a strong value proposition, the economy is strengthening and we’re excited about our ability to get price going forward.
Eric Butler: I think you’re exactly right. Certainly, any shipper in terms of while this uncertainty is here they’re trying to identify options to protect their supply chain and you see that for example, right now with growth into Oakland or shippers trying to get into Oakland which is part of our franchise also. Long term the port of LA, Long Beach, is in a sweet spot in terms of the connectivity with the rail network, our network, our competitor network. Long term the expectation is once these things are behind that will be the preferred option for shippers.
Eric Butler: As I’ve said before, we still feel really good about our franchise, and our strength, and our value proposition. We still see upside opportunity to drive value and to drive price in that market. 
Eric Butler: We have never and we don’t anticipate ever tying our value of our transportation products to commodity price values. 
Eric Butler: As you mentioned, that has been a trend going on for probably three to four years where international shippers are seeing a value proposition of letting their [ISO] boxes or international boxes to just destine on the west coast, trans load into a domestic box, and then go inland. So, that trend we have been seeing for probably three or four years. We think that that is a trend that will probably continue mainly because a lot of the BCOs as part of their supply chain organizations are using the trans loading function as part of their kind of distribution management strategy so it’s less kind of a transportation driven issue but it’s kind of their overall warehousing and distribution center management strategy. We think that is a trend, it will continue. I don’t think that west coast labor issues have any particular significant long term change to that trend that has been going on for several years.
Eric Butler: I’m not quite sure exactly what the question is. I would say we are continuing a focus on business development. Energy, even with the recent volatility still I think, has some positive drivers for us in North America because we still have relatively low energy price and in fact, even lower energy prices than what we thought earlier. That is going to be a positive driver for things like chemicals production in this country. That’s going to be a real positive driver in terms of continuing the trend that we’ve seen or near sourcing. We’ve talked in the past about trends of manufacturing moving back to North America. We think that’s still - if anything, it’s going to be even a more positive driver from some of the volatility so we still think that’s positive.
Eric Butler: Again, the international side for our intermodal business, all of the west coast labor challenges through the fourth quarter, all of the uncertainty. The domestic side of our intermodal business with the new products and services and the road truck conversions, and the whole story about truck availability and all of that, we’ve had a record year on the domestic side of the intermodal business.
Eric Butler: Coal remains a vital piece of the base load energy in the western US. It is a critical part of utility and manufacturing fuel source.
Robert Knight: Just to clarify that because I’m not sure I did catch exactly how you asked it, but just to clarify the impact of fuel, the benefit of the failing fuel price in the fourth quarter was about 1.5 points of benefit in the fourth quarter. For the full year the benefit of the fuel was more like .7 of a helper on our operating ratio.
Robert Knight: What I’ll tell you is it’s a positive but we’re not going to give the specific numbers on that as we never have in terms of our guidance. We’re pleased with the business, we’re pleased that we were able to compete and retain those contracts that we talked about for ’15 and ’16 and it will certainly be a positive contributor to our core pricing in 2015. 
Robert Knight: I’m not going to answer that. The caution that you’ve heard me say many, many times is that I wouldn’t straight line past performance and overlay that on top of these contracts. When we report our pricing in the first quarter and beyond you’ll see that embedded in the pricing numbers that we report but I’m not going to give any more details on it.
Robert Knight: I would just call your attention to the last pie chart that we showed at investor day. The revenue that we reflected there, which is based on historical by the way it’s not a projection of what those contracts are going to drive going forward, but we said there was about $300 million of revenue in the legacy bucket for 2015 and about $140 million in that bucket for 2016, so those are the buckets we’re talking about here.
Robert Knight: The bulk of that $300 million for this year was front end loaded so we should start getting it relatively early on that piece this year.
Robert Knight: Fuel not only in the legacy contracts but in all of our contracts will obviously play a role in what we report in average revenue per car or per unit. But in terms of your question of can I give you some historical or shed some light on that, the answer to that is no. It was a combination of walking up the pricing on our historical legacy renewals, and as you know, rolling up or improving. It wasn’t always a case of going from zero to adequate. In some cases there were fuel surcharge mechanisms in place in those old contracts, we were just able to look at them and make sure that they were adequate. I would say the same thing applies in this go around, but trying to quantify or give you a percentage split, I can’t give you that.
Robert Knight: We don’t talk about kind of the structure of our pricing by business. We don’t do that. What I would say, and if you refer back to some of the materials at the investor day, we did share that the majority of our franchise is destined in the Eagle Ford and Permian shale plays. I think we said about 60% of that, but we do have a great broad franchise in all the shale plays whether you want to look at Niobrara, Uinta, if you want to look at Marcellus, Haynesville, etc., we have a great franchise and so we think that does provide us a natural hedge for whatever the change is that the market and these low oil prices may bring.
Robert Knight: I’m not going to get into the details of that particular renewal. We’re confident with the business that we renewed. We like the pricing, we like the margins on it, but in terms of the timing I’m not going to get into that.
Robert Knight: The answer is no to your specific question. You’ve heard me say many times that we avoid giving any guidance on average revenue per car and that’s not a negative thing. I think what it says is the strength of the UP franchise is so diverse that we play in multiple markets and just because one piece of business has a lower average revenue per unit is not a bad thing, it might have a higher margin. That doesn’t bother us when we see an average revenue per unit go up or down because it speaks to the diversity, it speaks to the mix. In every case we’re focused on improving our margins. The other thing that’s clearly going to impact average revenue per unit right now and potentially throughout the year is going to be the impact of fuel so you’re going to see I think, some swings up or down but that in and of its self doesn’t trouble us and we can’t give guidance on that.
Robert Knight: I would answer that by saying we’re not projecting that. As you know, our guidance is positive volume for the year with all the moving parts. But to your point, I think we’ve sort of proven over the years, when there are times when the economy goes south on us that we’ve taken the right steps and Lance highlighted some of them in his talks, the furlough opportunities, the storage of the less efficient units. If you had to go deeper you’ve got opportunities to consolidate terminal operations, etc., so without putting a number on it I would just tell you that that’s something that we take pride in, in terms of being agile and being able to react to market conditions.  So as Lance pointed out in his comments, we feel like we’re fully resourced right now with people and locomotives. We played catch up, if you will, through the back half of 2014 and we’re confident that there’s still opportunities to grow our business and we’ve got attrition on the labor front still in front of us so we’re confident we’ll make the right steps should what you’re outlining play out.
Robert Knight: Matt, under your assumption if fuel kind of stayed in the same neighborhood it is in the first quarter, I would expect that the first quarter looks similar to what we saw here in the first quarter or so and that’s consistent with your thinking. Beyond that, there are 60 plus surcharge mechanisms and we’re not guiding that fuel is going to stay flat forever, but we endeavor of course to keep the cost impact neutral so if it did just flatten out that would be certainly our objective. It doesn’t usually play out that way but I don’t think you’re thinking about it wrong.
Robert Knight: I said that the labor inflation line for ’15 was going to be more in the 4% to 5% range and really the big driver of that is wage inflation. There were a couple of kicks, if you will, at wage increases in the contracts that were negotiated several years ago and there’s a kick up of call it half a point or so in that number of higher pension expense as well and those are the two main drivers.
Lance Fritz: I think overall when you look at the business we were able to move in 2014 the table is set for us to prove the value proposition of Union Pacific versus our competition and our competitor has always been right there chomping at the bit so it’s always a head-to-head competition in any one of those opportunities. Our challenge and our ability to convince those customers that the Union Pacific value proposition is what fits in their business model more effectively is really what we’re all about here. Yes, we may lose some of that business, we may gain some additional business, we’ll just have to see how the competitive world plays itself out in 2015.
Lance Fritz: Without putting a number on it I’ll remind you that as we discussed going through 2014 we said we were getting significant productivity and probably a little bit aberrational in that we would have liked to have more crews and locomotives to run the network. As we move into 2015 we expect to continue to get productivity. I would expect it maybe not to be quite as turbo charged as it was in 2014 because we’ll now be matched in terms of resources to demand, but we will get productivity continuing in 2015.
Lance Fritz: Matt, one thing we’ve done is learn from last years’ experience during very difficult weather environments and we’ve beefed up our winter action plans. That includes that at any sign of inclement weather 24/7 command centers locally that can make the right adjustments and calls on the ground. We’ve taken advantage of this benign weather and done some engineering work on our track that is positioning us better for the spring thaw so I’m very pleased with that. We’ve also been working with our interchange partners at critical gateways like Chicago to put in early warning systems that are more robust and have more robust action plans around them and they’ve actually kicked in at different points during this winter, during bitter cold periods, and proven to be very effective. I’m really, really pleased with how we’re navigating this winter notwithstanding that in certain parts of our territory been a more benign winter than last year.
Lance Fritz: Let’s go around the railroad a little bit, start down in southeastern part of our network. We’ve been increasing our capital investment in Texas, Louisiana, up into Oklahoma and Kansas both in our north/south routes and in the Texas area. That’ll continue and pay very big dividends for a multitude of commodities that use those routes. We have added about 40 miles of double track on the Sunset. We’re going to continue to add double track there. We’re at a point now we’re about 80% double tracked on that route so that will be good. We’re adding some capacity in the P&W for our critical bulk and premium routes. We’re adding capacity in Chicago. We have a public/private partnership project on our primary corridor in and out of Chicago which is the Geneva Sub, to triple track a critical portion of that’s shared with a metro service and that will be very, very helpful. We’ve also announced a Hearne new network terminal in the middle of Texas and I think at the investor day we talked about a $600 million kind of number and a 25,000 daily car count kind of number and that will be very impactful, probably taking us the next two and a half years or so to build, maybe a little bit more.
Lance Fritz: We do expect improvement in intermodal. If you look backwards I would not be as charitable in terms of our premium intermodal service in 2014 as you were. Our expectations were for better performance than that. We were able to differentiate the service compared to other services we provide. A real positive note is that in the peak season ending the year we performed very well and as we’re entering this year that same level of performance has sustained. There are opportunities on certain lanes in our premium domestic intermodal franchise, but it is showing better service and I anticipate it will continue to show better service this year.
Lance Fritz: One of the things that we talk about routinely that continues to be an exciting opportunity for us is the penetration of [indiscernible]. Our interpretation of lean manufacturing principles and Cameron and the operating team, in fact, the whole corporation is doing a wonderful job of absorbing those principals, turning them into projects and action plans and removing variability out of the network. I can see dozens of different projects at any given time that are going to be paying off either from a productivity perspective, a safety improvement perspective, or a service improvement perspective. That’s the first thing I would highlight. The second thing I would highlight is we’ve got a very robust menu of capital investment that is gaining significant traction as we enter this year and each one of those critical investments is going to make an improvement in safety, in service, and in productivity and unleash different bottlenecks around the network. I’m just really, really jazzed with what we’ve got facing us for the coming year.
Lance Fritz: If you think about it, our coal business has been very dependent upon weather whether you have cold or hot summers and those kinds of things and so to that extent there is some surge component. But, I think the interesting thing that Eric talked about in his remarks is a realization that a coal base kind of helps cushion against the volatility of natural gas and I think that realization on the part of the utilities is making it a little more stable than what most people would think.
