Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning. And welcome to Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. The fourth quarter and 2022 overall were challenging for Union Pacific and our employees. The lengthy labor negotiations tested our work force, while customers felt the impact of our service issues. Two things are critically important as we turn the page to 2023. First, is the trend line of improving freight car velocity since late summer, although acknowledging there were bumps along the way. And second, is how we move forward, establishing consistent service for our customers day-in and day-out and demonstrating to all stakeholders our commitment to excellence. Now turning to our fourth quarter results. This morning Union Pacific is reporting 2022 fourth quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.67 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2021 results of $1.7 billion or $2.66 per share. Our fourth quarter operating ratio of 61% deteriorated 360 basis points versus 2021, driven by continued service challenges and the impact from winter weather. For the full year, reported operating ratio finished at 60.1%, deteriorating 290 basis points, driven by operational inefficiency, inflation and higher fuel prices. The entire Union Pacific team recognizes that 2022 did not beat expectations. Crew constraints in critical locations impacted by shifting demand had a real impact on our performance. As you will hear from Eric, we are building resiliency into the network through hiring efforts, shifting critical resources and better operations to address that shortfall, and you are seeing those benefits manifested in how the network has responded since Thanksgiving through the ups and downs of extreme winter weather. These challenges aside, we achieved volume growth for the year. We demonstrated our commitment to meet customer needs with business development wins that are critical to long-term financial success. The recent onboarding of Schneider is a great proof statement of delivering on that commitment. We also made significant progress towards our climate goals. In 2022, we increased our biofuel blend to over 4.5% on pace to achieve our 2030 target of 20%. This is a key initiative in achieving our 2030 greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. In addition, for a fourth consecutive year, we improved our fuel consumption rate on a year-over-year basis, lowering at 1% to an all-time record. This helped our customers avoid 23.4 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions by using rail versus truck. Union Pacific will continue to be a rail leader in sustainability. Now let’s start with Kenny for an update on the business environment.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. Let’s wrap up on Slide 24. We made great strides on personal safety in 2022 and it’s imperative we continue that momentum. The commitment made by our employees to care for one another has been exceptional, resulting in our best employee safety metrics in five years. We look to further translate these gains into better derailment performance in the upcoming year. We understand that safety is about culture and it’s about engagement, listening to and responding to our employees needs and ideas will continue to improve our safety performance. Our robust hiring pipeline and improving network fluidity strengthen crew availability. That leads to a more efficient and better service product that enables us to recapture lost productivity. Over the past couple of years, we have demonstrated our commitment to customer-centered growth as reflected in business development wins, and while growth in 2023 may be challenging given the uncertainty of the economic backdrop, we will continue to make strategic capital investments in support of our long-term growth objectives. Our fundamentals for long-term success have not changed, powered by our best-in-industry employees and franchise, a strategy built for profitable growth and a more efficient and reliable service product, Union Pacific is poised to do great things in 2023 and we are ready to prove it. So, with that, let’s open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: And Kenny, Amit, this is Lance. But Kenny, you are also remaining confident that as we put our plan together, all that included, we are still -- we see a clear path for pricing ahead of inflation.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Ari, this is Lance. So I am going to start -- I am going to focus my commentary on 2023 and then I will turn it over to Kenny to broaden that out. Clearly, what you are seeing from us is a perspective that says there’s a lot of uncertainty as we enter 2023. You could see it in some of the macroeconomic indicators that Kenny shared but you can hear it and see it across the Board in many markets right now and so while we are confident we can outperform Industrial production, which is an underlying driver for a fair amount of what we ship, going beyond that and becoming more granular just is it’s a little too early in the year given all the uncertainty that we see, so hard to stop on that.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Tom. This is Lance. We have also got to recognize that I think underlying your question certainly in the Intermodal space is that the truck market is pretty darn loose right now, and certainly, it’s not as fruitful of an environment to be pricing in as, let’s say, a year or year and a half ago. But that doesn’t change any of what Kenny just said. It just makes the job harder.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Allison, thank you for the question. This is Lance again. We are thinking more broadly about what is necessary to support growth in our service product and it takes a lot of different forms. I will start in the Intermodal space. We have made investments in things called UPGo and Precision Gate Technology. PGT allows trucks to essentially enter and exit the ramp without stopping. Paperless and uses technology and pre clears, if you will, the load with machine vision before the truck even gets there. UPGo is a holistic tool that our IMCs can use and it can be embedded on their own platforms so that once a drivers on our property, they know exactly where to go, they know exactly where all the facilities are, they know a map of the facility and we have done a hell of a job signing and improving the signage on our properties. So that’s just one example where if truck drivers, if dray drivers have a better, faster experience on our property, we might be able to help them get an extra turn now and then that helps move boxes off our ramp and that’s a better service product than the end. But why don’t I turn it over to, Kenny, you first and then Eric for more detail.
Lance Fritz: I mean, we want that fluidity. We want the entire network to match the kind of fluidity that we are putting up post Christmas holiday. They are still in the Intermodal supply chain. There’s still some elevated street time for boxes and chassis. And that’s the last piece that reflects excess inventory that’s going to have to get worked out.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. I think the other part of Fadi’s question is a structural question, like, did something structurally change. And on the five critical resources, nothing structurally changed on line of road and terminal, how you achieve freight car utilization, how you achieve locomotive utilization. We probably look at crews differently going forward than we did historically. That means a little bit more on Board so that we are not staffed at the tight end. We are staffed a bit looser, that’s hundreds, it’s not thousands and then also making sure that we have a watch back in place to the extent that we have got counterparties that want to negotiate that. So that’s probably the only thing, and I think that’s probably an at risk as opposed to a major headline.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Jennifer, why don’t I start with, can you get -- can you recover productivity without volume growth? The answer is, yes. And we anticipate volume growth as well, which is a tailwind.
Lance Fritz: Sure, Bascome. So we have not announced any leadership transition or timing. We do periodically as a Board review what our needs are, both the skills matrix of the Board and also the skills and development of our leadership team on the management team. And so, yeah, Board has a strong eye on that, knows on a running basis, what we are looking for, what we are thinking about and while we don’t have anything announced, I will make sure and we as a company will make sure that it is transparent when it does occur.
Lance Fritz: Well, Kenny, sustainability has also been playing a bigger and bigger role in that, some of our sophisticated customers, we are helping them understand and they are asking us for greater detail on how we can be part of their sustainability initiatives and that’s driving more look at us as opposed to less look at us. We just joined the Dallas Sustainability Index and that’s just a one marker of many that say that we are quite serious in making good progress in those areas.
Lance Fritz: Let me start, Kenny, and I will talk to the labor negotiation that’s going on in the West Coast. So that started up, I want to say, in July of last year. There has been a negotiation. There hasn’t been a lot of progress announced publicly. But the port directors share with us that they have confidence they are going to reach an agreement that there’s the temperature is low and there’s a line of sight to reach agreement. So from that perspective I think we are going to be okay.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ravi. So I will start with just a quick comment on quality of life, and then maybe, Eric, you can follow up on what we are negotiating there, and then, Jennifer, you can handle a 55 OR. So one thing that came out of the PEB and is in the tentative agreements that were signed and now agreed to was directive to negotiate things like unscheduled work going to scheduled work. There are other things bundled into the quality of life issues for our craft employees, but that’s a big one. There’s a fair amount of our craft employees that are on call in an unscheduled job and that’s the way that the staffing for the railroad is handled. And so we are actively in those discussions, because there is a path forward to be able to create more predictability in that work for those craft professions. I will let Eric kind of get into the detail.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Chris, you broke up a little bit at the end. But what I heard you asking is about, we are adding headcount and resources to support network fluidity particularly in some part of the network where we are tight on crews and how long is that going to take, is it a first half, second half? So we are not putting a fine button on when exactly we declare victory. What I will say is, you look at how we are performing coming into 2023 and the network is fluid. We have still got tight spots in the network that are limiting our ability to grow and ship all the demand like in coal, maybe to a lesser extent in rock and we are hiring actively in those areas that would support the network for that growth. The pipeline is full, we have got 600 people in the pipeline and we are graduating something like 150 a month to 200 a month at this point. So it’s kind of fundamentally being pretty well healed is happening this year. It’s just hard to say exactly when given that demand could shift around. We are still not meeting all demand and the game plan is operate a fluid network like we are right now, continue to add resources to support the demand that wants to ship and grow that volume as we are able to.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Admitted. It really does all start with our service product. In terms of the STB and Open Access, Ken, so that’s a pending decision on their part. Clearly, we have fed back for quite some time now to the STB that we think Open Access is a bad idea from the following perspective. It puts interchange where investment has not occurred. It would negatively impact the service product for those demanding open access and anyone else riding the trains and the service product that those particular customers are using. We have looked at this a lot of ways. We don’t say hell no when allowing access in a certain circumstance makes sense. We have done it. We have negotiated it. We have done it in short periods to help customer out. But in the broader context of allowing customers to determine where their interchange point should be, we think, as currently conceived, it’s -- it would be bad for overall service product, not better.
Lance Fritz: Well and it’s substantial because they are completely unproductive from a moving freight perspective.
Lance Fritz: Rob, thank you very much for your help this morning and thank you all for your questions, we are looking forward to talking with you again in April about our first quarter results, until then please take care.
Eric Gehringer: Yeah. Jon, thank you for that question. As we think about that, certainly, as we look at the environment right now and what lays in front of us, it may be over a longer period of time that those actually come to fruition. But everyone here remains focused on those commitments and you see that in the activities that we have taken on in some of my prepared comments, I talked about some of the technology initiatives that are more focused not only in 2023, but even beyond that. What’s sitting in front of us right now is the biggest opportunity is to improve that service product that from it drives out that excess cost when we think about our locomotive and our workforce productivity. That’s job number one right now, but we are all still focused on the long-term targets that we gave you on the Investor Day.
Eric Gehringer: And Allison, as we think about consistent and reliable service, a couple of examples from the operating side that we are all involved and as -- and when I talk about modernizations, an improvement in reliability of 50% in those locomotives wants modernized, it’s significant, it’s meaningful, it’s less variability that will drive improved service. And even as we think about even on our crews and we are talking about how do we approach that differently. When we talk about consistent schedules for our crews, we are talking about the trade or the benefit for us collectively which has improved availability. Improved availability again reduces variability and drive a more consistent and reliable service product.
Eric Gehringer: Yeah. So, Ravi, as one example, we are engaged right now in a pilot where we are focused on some adjustments to the way that we collectively do the work where we actually have a group of people in the state of Kansas that are working a defined schedule. So to Lance’s point, today, the vast majority of our employee base is on an on-call basis. So that’s on the TE and Y side of the transportation side. In this pilot, we have carved out a handful of people where they actually are in a specific schedule and what we are watching for is to ensure that the actual days that we have planned for them to have off occur and that that’s translating then to more availability on the days in which they are scheduled to work. That’s the win-win solution that we are looking for and we are focused on. And we are working on it for the entire period of this year and I bet it carry into the next year because we are putting so much thought into making sure that the net impact is beneficial for both sides.
Eric Gehringer: On the attrition side, we have not seen any attrition post the payment of the PEB. We continue to watch that very closely and where necessary we will incentivize.
Eric Gehringer: And on the performance side, from the service product, Jason, we have been very consistent over the last handful of years that our Intermodal trip plan compliance, starting with an eight, like, 80%, 85% is where we want to be. But or and we are also very close to our customers over the last two years to continue to make sure that what we are measuring is most reflective of their experience and what’s most important to them. So stay tuned because we continue to evolve how we think about customer service in line with the customer’s voice.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. Thanks a lot, Amit. First of all, we are in the early stages of bid season, call it, 10% to 15%. You heard me call out in my notes we are seeing some softness there in the marketplace. We have been encouraged that we are retaining all the business that we are out there competing for. I think it’s too soon to call out what will happen in terms of pricing, but what I will tell you is that, we do have mechanisms for our business to make sure that we can remain competitive in a challenged market like this, but also price to the market and make sure that we are capturing some of the upside as things get tight throughout the year.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So, Lance, I want to hit hard for those on the call, the mindset of this management team and the commercial team is really to drive business development and so that’s one thing that we can control. There are some markets out there that we really want to go after that we think are right. Renewable diesel is one of them and we feel good and confident about the wins there. If you look at finished vehicles, both the finished vehicle side and also the auto parts side is an area that we feel good about. There are some expansions that are coming along our line that we won in the petrochem area with plastics and Industrial chem. And then also, we have talked and been very bullish about metals as we have seen some wins come up there. So very focused on the things we can control and been encouraged that car velocity has been improving along the way.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. Let me lead again with something Lance mentioned that we feel very confident that we will be able to price over the inflation dollars. So I want to say that, our commercial team has done a great job of articulating the need to price to the market. When we talk about price into the market, we have talked about some of those dynamics. Inflation is one our customers are facing that, too. They understand that. But we also talk pretty broadly about investment. When I say investments, part of what I am talking about is what Eric is doing with our capital plan. The other part is making sure that we are resourced the helm of growth. So we are doubt in on that, we are having those conversations with customers and we are articulating that.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. Lance, you talked about our Premium network. And again, Allison, those products show up in terms of Inland Empire in our product in Twin Cities that we feel very encouraged and confident about and filling those areas out. And it also shows up in other areas like our investments in GPS, our investment in chassis. On the carload side, we are really excited about what’s taking place with RailPulse. So you are seeing it across the Board both on our carload side and in our Intermodal network.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. We feel good about being able to move coal in these natural gas prices and even the forward curve for the rest of the year. I will tell you, there’s still quite a bit of low inventories out there. So I can assure you, those customers are willing and able to receive that coal demand that’s out there.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. I mean we are definitely still winning business from truck, and what I would tell you is that, we haven’t seen any large pieces and I said that they are earlier move away from them. A lot of that is driven by the economy. Clearly, some of the service challenges we have, we may have seen some lanes move at versus via truck or maybe another mode. But our customers realize that this is a short-term phenomenon and that we are investing, we have been very transparent in our investment again in hiring and our investment in our CapEx, so that they can stay with us.
Kenny Rocker: I mean, Lance, you talked about it a little bit earlier, if you look at our car velocity from the summer to now, we have seen some improvement, and Eric and I were talking about this a couple of days ago. If you look at third quarter to fourth quarter sequentially on our Premium network, that is improving as we onboard at Schneider. So that gives us a lot of confidence.
Kenny Rocker: I -- some of that was really, I think, labor challenges that you saw in the port and a little bit of ambiguity on what they thought might happen. I think as we see that clear up on the port that you will see a little bit more of that volume come back to the West Coast port. Again, everything that we are doing, all of our investments around Inland Empire, the G4 relo would act, the Dallas to Dock and Dallas. I am telling you we are bullish to make sure we can make those areas more competitive for the customers.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. As we are spending time with customers, as a mixed bag when they think some of these inventory issues will get resolved. So some are saying back half of third quarter. For us, we are not going to try to time that or be so precise at the time. What we are really focused on is making sure that we have got the service product where it should and I just want to double down on what I said sequentially, we are seeing that improvement. We have onboarded a large customer and we are walking towards trying to capture that growth when it shows up or when a pop.
Kenny Rocker: All right, Brian, you win the title for getting us all the talk. I will make this quick. Two things, one, yeah, we have had some pretty difficult conversations with customers. But 1 of the positives that has come out of that is creating tech solutions for them to give them the visibility that Lance was talking about, whether it’s inventory on our line, the release rates number of cars that are in the serving yard. We have shared that those tech solutions with them here a couple of weeks ago and we are working with the customer so that they can integrate that into their supply chain.
Kenny Rocker: We will have to see what plays out there. Historically, what we have seen is a little bit of fits and starts. I think what we will also be looking at is the inventory levels at least in the near-term, it may not have that much of an impact as they start up a little bit later, it may be right in time. So a lot of uncertainty there, definitely some fits and starts. What we really need is the consumer spending and a little bit more demand to be out there more so than the issue in Asia.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. I will tell you. Thanks for that question, Jason. We have been encouraged as the management team with all the investment that we put into the railroad to support growth and we have talked about those products here a little bit today. We do think that Inland Empire is transformative for us. We do think that the Twin Cities Intermodal facility is transformative for us. We do think that the focus on technology, some of which Lance mentioned a little bit earlier that will help drive our experience. What ultimately helps our customers reduce their costs with their drivers will have an impact. And then, Jason, everything you just said, RailPulse is for our carload business and we put a lot of focus on making sure we can do ease of business and know exactly what our customers are asking for.
Jennifer Hamann: That’s a lot there in one question. But in terms of the lag part, so there is that piece. When you think about our contract structure, so in any given year, call it, 50% we are able to touch directly. The remainder is longer term contracts and they roll over in some segments over periods of years. Now those generally have escalators, but there can be limits on the escalators and those are lagging as well. So that’s what we are referring to as having a lag impact. As well as kind of going back to the first question to, Eric, still very confident in our productivity initiatives, but we did take a step back this year. We have to acknowledge that and it’s going to take us a little bit to gain that back because the inflation is real. That’s a real factor that is certainly above what we have seen historically when you think about 4% kind of number for 2023. So that’s that piece. You also mentioned fuel surcharge, and yeah, that was a positive contributor to us on an EPS operating income front in 2023 and so depending on what you estimate for fuel prices, that could be a headwind for us at some point. Overall, we averaged, I think, 365 [ph] for the year. Right now, we are paying closer to, call it, 315, 320 [ph]. So that could certainly be a difference when you think about year-over-year comparisons on the fuel surcharge revenue.
Jennifer Hamann: Mix. I knew there was one more in there. So from a mix standpoint, yeah, I mean, fourth quarter mix was certainly negative when you look at it. And one of the things probably that really jumps out at you think about Intermodal, but in particular, International Intermodal and the year-over-year comparison, when you think about last year, International Intermodal was down substantially and then we saw it grow here in the fourth quarter this year, plus forest products, some of the Industrial segments a little weaker in the fourth quarter and higher rock shipments. So it’s kind of that all-in and look there, Brandon. Now I think it covers.
Jennifer Hamann: So, Tom, let me take the first part of that question, and then I will let Kenny address the second part. We are not going to give comments on directional guidance for RPU for various line items. You know the factors that are going to drive that. It’s certainly the pricing but also fuel surcharge and then the mix of the business within that line. So those will all be things that will play into what that turns out to for 2023.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. So I will start with the confidence around the margin improvement and we are confident in our ability to do that. Certainly, there are headwinds and you have just pointed to a couple of them. But then go back to the things I talked about in terms of how we are looking at the year and the key levers, which as you know, are volume, price and productivity. So volume certainly is a wildcard and we will see how that plays out. Pricing, we are confident that although it is going to lag a bit, we are confident that our price will -- price dollars will exceed inflation dollars. And then the productivity side, we know we have upside there. Yes, we are still adding resources and taking some steps to heal the network today. But we also know that there’s a pipeline of opportunities to improve and we have those identified and we know what actions we need to put up against that to do that. And then as you do that and as the network hills, that gives us more opportunities on the volume side. We still know we are mixing Bulk loads today. So those are opportunities for us to get more leverage across that cost base. And then, obviously, there’s fuel, which I mentioned before and we will see how that plays out. But right now, we are certainly playing a little bit less, call it, $0.40 or so less than what we were paying a year ago or what we paid for the full year 2022. So those are all the things that we are looking at, Scott, and we believe that those combination of factors are setting up in a way that we will be able to drive OR improvement. To your question on other revenue, so I think that’s really a question maybe more geared towards accessorials and what we see playing out there. As the supply chain has healed, as we are seeing a little bit of softness in that Intermodal market, we have seen accessorials come down a bit. They were down a little bit for us here in the fourth quarter and that would probably be my expectation going into 2023 as well.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. I wasn’t -- I don’t know that I totally caught the first part of your question there, Fadi, but I think you were basically asking to quantify what the congestion costs were for our network for 2022. We have not quantified that other than we -- when you look at our operating ratio and the degradation that we had on a year-over-year basis, 290 basis points, 50 basis points of that was a combination of PEB and fuel. The rest of that was inflation and congestion and probably fairly equally weighted between the two. So that’s how I would think about that. That is our opportunity certainly and that feeds through all of the lines. It feeds through wage inflation. Now some of that, obviously, is real. We have the PEB. We know that’s real. But then it’s how we use the crews, and you have heard us talk about the fact that in 2022, we had higher recrew rates, we have higher borrow out costs, more deadhead and held away, more vans. Those all inflate those cost categories. Purchased services, as we were putting more locomotives into service, that inflated those costs on a year-over-year basis in addition to some of just the contractor inflation that we saw as all of our suppliers were faced with higher inflation, and you saw that come through. And then on the other line, we know we have opportunities there from a casualty standpoint. You heard us talk about casualty a couple of different times in 2022 and the higher cost that that brought to us. So those are all elements that we are now very much focused on attacking. You asked are we right-sized yet. You have heard us say, we still are short crews in critical locations. We are still hiring.
Jennifer Hamann: So we still need to bring folks onto our network. That does two things that helps the -- well, three things only helps improve our reliability, our fluidity, it helps us move more volumes and as we are able to hire folks in those critical locations, we then move the people that we have working there in terms of borrow outs back to their home location and that reduces our cost base as well, and you can improve your recrew rate. So a lot of different moving parts there, Fadi. You know our business isn’t just one element, but that’s how we are looking at it. Those are the things that impacted us in 2022 and that’s what we are looking to do in 2023.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. So the only thing I’d say in terms of cadence there is, really pointing out to the fuel piece of it and where you saw fuel was a bigger headwind to us in the earlier part of the year than the latter part of the year. You saw some of the inflation pick up in the latter part of the year. So there’s some trade-offs there either way that I would just ask you to look at your models pretty closely there, because there are differences first half, second half in 2022 that you need to be thinking through there.
Jennifer Hamann: Okay. Again, we do expect that they could be less year-over-year, but I don’t see that as a significant driver for us.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. And then, Ravi, to your 55 OR questions, I mean, you have heard us talk that, that is still our goal and I will reiterate that again. We have not put a new time line on that because of all the things that you have heard us talk about here today in terms of the challenges that we are facing. But that doesn’t mean we can’t improve, that doesn’t mean we don’t have a path to improve and a path to get there. And relative to the quality of life, it really goes back to what you have heard from both Lance and Eric, as we improve crew availability, as we improve predictability, that improves our service product and it improves our ability to grow and with that service product comes further pricing opportunities as well. So it’s a virtuous circle in my view and that’s how we are going about pursuing those things.
Jennifer Hamann: So, Ken, I am going to refrain from giving the order of magnitude on the OR guide or giving you a range. It really is just too soon in the year. We are sitting here on January 24th to give that to you. I could try, but I am sure I’d be wrong. So we are going to resist that temptation. I think the important thing to think about is we are going to work to improve as fast as we can, as hard as we can, you have seen us do that and demonstrate that, we are not trying to meter any progress. Our goal is to deliver that better service, be more fluid, and with that, leverage more volumes across the topline. There are some other things that influence it, obviously, when you think about fuel and inflation. But the team knows what those are and they know how to go about it. I am also not going to give you any guidance relative to sequential and whether we are going to have normal sequential patterns. We had a really hard hit here the end of 2022 with the weather, the way it impacted our volumes here at the close of the quarter. We have had some weather here again here in the start of the year. So hang with us, watch the volumes, watch the service metrics. Those are your best barometer to know how we are operating and how we are generating positive growth and positive financials across the network.
Jennifer Hamann: All right. I will start with your mix question, Brian. So for 2023, we are expecting to have a negative mix for the year and really it’s pretty simple when you think about it with increased Intermodal shipments with the onboarding of Schneider. And then you heard Kenny talk about tough grain markets and then also some of the question marks and toughness that we are expecting on the Industrial product side. Those things add up to negative mix for us in 2023.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. You were breaking up there quite a bit, David. But I think what your basic question was, was how many do we expect to hire in 2023 and do we think about hiring at a different cadence maybe versus volumes going forward? In terms of hiring for the year, I think, we have said it would be similar probably to 2022 levels. But that obviously carries with it some attrition assumptions what we see happen with volumes and so if we would see a change positive or negative relative to volumes that obviously could impact that, we are just going to make sure that we have the right crews in place to be able to take advantage of the demand that’s there for us. We know we are still not meeting at all today. In terms of how we think about hiring, I mean, I think, you have heard Lance and Eric talk about the fact that we would maybe keep our Boards a little bit larger established A once if we can and those will be things that can give us I will say cushion, as you see fluctuations in demand. Again, we expect to be able to leverage that service reliability into more volumes and better pricing and overall better productivity. And so when you think about the bottomline impact of that, we think it should worst case be neutral, but really be a positive for us in the long-term.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. I mean you are seeing that flow through today, I would say. When you have got 600, 700 people in training today.
Jennifer Hamann: Not out actively moving freight, that is the headwind that we have in those numbers today that I would say is already there.
