Lance Fritz: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of nearly $1 billion for the second quarter of 2016. This equates to $1.17 per share, which compares to $1.38 in the second quarter of 2015. Total volume decreased 11% in the quarter compared to 2015. Carload volume declined in five of our six commodity groups, with coal, Intermodal and industrial products all down double-digits. Agricultural products was the only group to show positive year-over-year growth, with volumes up 2% this quarter, reflecting stronger grain shipments versus 2015. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 65.2%, up 1.1 percentage points from the second quarter last year. As positive core price and continued productivity improvements helped to somewhat offset the double-digit increase -- decrease in total volumes. While the second quarter was again challenging from a volume perspective, we continued focusing on initiatives that are squarely in our control, such as being productive with our resources, providing our customers with excellent service, and improving our safety performance. Our team will give you more of the details, starting with Eric.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As you've heard from everyone here this morning, we continued to experience a challenging business environment in the second quarter, resulting in weak demand across many of our commodity groups. A soft global economy, the negative impact of the strong U.S. dollar on exports, and relatively weak demand for consumer goods will continue to pressure volumes through the second half of the year. That said, we see potential bright spots in certain segments of our business if key economic drivers continue to strengthen, as they have in recent weeks. For example, energy prices, especially natural gas, have been recovering somewhat from previous lows, which is positive for our coal and shale-related business. We're also cautiously optimistic that the overall grain market will strengthen in the second half, of course, depending on the outcome of this year's crop harvest and global agricultural economic conditions. Beyond the impact of the current macro environment, we are implementing a strategy that will make us a stronger company for the future. This strategy comprises six primary value tracks and you've heard these themes woven throughout our comments today. These tracks include our unrelenting focus on achieving world-class safety while delivering an excellent customer experience. They include striving for innovation and resource productivity, both designed to improve our work processes so we can make the most out of what we have. Finally, the tracks are about maximizing the franchise with an engaged team, empowering our employees to effectively utilize our assets, our service products, our market reach, and our proprietary technology. And, of course, our G55 and Zero initiatives cut across all six of these tracks. In the months and years ahead, we will continue our intense focus on these value tracks to create competitive advantages for our customers, enhanced safety and satisfaction for our employees, strength in the communities that we serve, and solid returns for our shareholders. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Scott, this is Lance. The basis for that guidance is as we look out into out years, call it the planning horizon, we think demand on our part for new locomotives is going to be pretty muted and we think PTC drops off to a very low level if any. And you just account for those two line items in this year's capital plan and it’s a significant chunk of capital. So, that's the underlying thought process behind moving more towards 15% as opposed to 16% to 17%.
Lance Fritz: Allison, I don't think we can give an outlook on kind of what sequential changes we'll see going forward. We do expect the inventory levels to go down the burn rate is increased as you have hot weather. You are seeing volumes grow and I think we'll see those trends continuing. I don't think we could be any more precise than that.
Lance Fritz: Ravi, this is Lance. When you think about pricing for us you start at the highest level which is we try to provide excellent customer service and excellent experience which generates value for our customers when we price for that. In that context, we're constantly looking to make a reasonable return, so that it's a re-investable piece of business. And then we have the reality of the dynamics of other competitive modes or competition. You put that altogether and that's what informs our ability to price. So, when you think about it going forward, you know markets that have less modal capacity, markets that are robust and growing strongly those are better markets to price in than not. But that generally informs our pricing scheme.
Lance Fritz: Ravi, I think you're right if you look at kind of the burn, the burn has stepped up, but the inventory still are high on a relative basis. They are still 35 days higher than a five year average. So, you have to burn off those inventories even as the burn has stepped up. And so that is a headwind to growing coal volumes in the third quarter. As you look at the outlook for next year as we say always it depends on weather, it depends on natural gas pricing, it depends on energy consumption. So, that's what's going to drive in the future.
Lance Fritz: Tom, to add a little technicolor to that in that domestic Intermodal space something that Eric continually reminds us is that there's a lot of opportunity out there from a truck competitive perspective. And that really informs a pretty good portion of our ability to grow. That overall consumer demand and demand for goods is what is informed that retail to sales inventory ratio and inventory in general.
Lance Fritz: Hey Tom, this is Lance, again. We've done a nice job staying ahead of demand in terms of overall capacity whether it's fungible capacity or track capacity. Clearly at this point, given how we've built out the network and we're supporting hundred and 180,000 or 190,000 seven-day carloads a couple of years ago, we've ample capacity for growth at this point.
Lance Fritz: Ben, this is Lance, when you think about our overall network in the service we are providing, absent the impacts of things like the flooding that we've experienced in Texas there's some just epic weather events, we're performing essentially at a 2013 or 2012 type level. So, our service performance level on average in aggregate is about as good as it's been for this kind of volume level. Our intent and what Cameron and team are constantly working on is ways to improve that, right. So 2012 and 2013 are a benchmark, they are not the only benchmark. We think we can do better than that over time and his team is constantly working with the commercial team and other functions of the railroad to try to find ways to improve that service product.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, I would tell you we have room for improvement virtually everywhere and that's not a statement of not as good as 2012 or 2013 that's the statement of -- we are never perfect. There is always an opportunity to run the network more on time from original terminal to making sure we don't leave any cars behind to running the premium domestic Intermodal product at greater speeds or at more significant -- significantly reduced span. All of those things are within our visuals and we're working on all of them.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Scott. Regarding the FRA's proposed rule on minimum crew size, historically that has been a topic for collective bargaining over the past number of decades and we believe that's where it belongs. There is no evidence that criticize is related to safety. The FRA stated that in the preamble to their own rule. The NTSB, the National Transportation Safety Board has also stated that they see no empirical evidence between crew size and safety. Having said that, we do not have any plan right now to reduce crew size in our locomotives. What we think should happen is we should allow technology to take its course and determine when it's appropriate for some of the work to be removed from the cab and to be placed somewhere else. There is an amount of work that gets done for every train and that work needs to be done. It's just a matter of where it will be done. So, that's our perspective on that.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions and interest in Union Pacific this morning. We look forward to talking with you again in October.
Cameron Scott: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Starting with our safety performance, our year-to-date reportable personal injury rate improved 15% versus 2015 to a record low of 0.70. Included in this was a record low number of severe injuries which have the greatest human and financial impact. The team's commitment to successfully finding and addressing risk in the workplace continues to generate positive results as we improve toward our goal of zero incidents. With respect to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our first half reportable rate of 3.43 decreased 1% versus last year. While we made only a slight improvement on the reportable rate, enhanced TE&Y training and continued infrastructure investments helped significantly reduce the absolute number of incidents, including those who did not meet the reportable threshold to a new record low. In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate increased to 2.40. While this was a step back from last year's solid performance, we're confident with our efforts and initiatives to successfully identify those crossings where incidents were more likely to occur. Combined with our focus on reinforcing public awareness through community partnerships, and public safety campaigns, we fully expect to drive improvements in the future. Moving to network performance, after experiencing relatively mild winter weather conditions to start off the year, flooding events in the southern region of our network did present some challenges during the second quarter. Weather events always generate variability in the network, but it's something that we are accustomed to dealing with. Utilizing the diverse strengths of our franchise, we rerouted traffic where possible; temporary utilized a portion of our surge locomotive fleet and recalled TE&Y crews as our employees worked diligently to restore operations. These efforts kept the impact to a minimum including the delays of disruptions experienced by our customers. Overall velocity and terminal dwell improved 8% and 5%, respectively, when compared to the second quarter of 2015. Moving on to resources. Coming into the quarter, our resource position was efficiently balanced for the volume levels we were experiencing at the time. Throughout the quarter, as part of our ongoing business planning process, we fine-tuned our resource levels to continually account for volume changes and productivity gains. As a result, our total TE&Y workforce was down 22% in the second quarter when compared to the same period in 2015. Almost half of this decrease was driven by fewer employees in the training pipeline. In lieu of hiring new employees, we have recalled furloughed employees to backfill attrition where needed to mitigate the impact from weather incidents and to handle the sequential volume uptick we experienced toward the tail end of the second quarter. We also continue to evaluate all other aspects of the business to lower demand. This includes our engineering and mechanical workforce, which was down a combined 1,500 employees, or 7%, versus the second quarter of last year. In addition, our active locomotive fleet was down 14% from the second quarter of 2015. While adjusting our resource to demand will always be a key focus area, overall productivity for us goes well beyond this effort. One primary area we continue to make progress is train length. While we're unable to overcome the volume decline within the scheduled Intermodal network, we did run record train lengths in all other major categories. The fluidity and productivity our network has also reflected in the second quarter lower re-crew rate. A failure cost incurred when the first crew has inefficient time to complete the trip and the second crew is needed. In summary, we made solid progress on several fronts in the second quarter. As we move into the back half of the year, we expect our safety strategy to continue yielding record results while we make further operational improvements by leveraging the strengths of our diverse franchise to enhance the customer experience. And we will continue to intensify our focus on productivity and efficiency across the network to reduce costs. As a result of these efforts, our network is in a solid position to leverage volume growth to the bottom-line to increase utilization of existing assets. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron Scott: With the amount of locomotives we have in storage, the locomotive productivity leverage is fantastic. On the employee side, depending on where growth shows up, we will continue to bring furloughed employees back and potentially transfer employees to the part of the network where growth is residing. So, we continue to see our employee pipeline staying very, very lean and there is great opportunity in every category with train size. Our coal network is truly the only network that is optimized to a very large extent every other network we have has plenty of headroom to train size.
Cameron Scott: I think you see as quarter-to-quarter making continued improvement and we feel very confident you'll continue to see that.
Cameron Scott: We adjust our Intermodal program on a weekly basis looking at inbound volumes that Eric does his best to forecast. And so balancing customer requirements and productivity is always a tight rope. Our first priority is to take care of our customers. And so we will continue to make those adjustments on week-by-week basis.
Cameron Scott: As we step into the second half of the year depending as Rob outlined on what the consumer does driving Intermodal, we absolutely can bring that train size metric right back in line.
Cameron Scott: On the domestic front, we will pay attention to what is being indicated on a weekly basis. We have extreme sensitivity to UPS and some of our LTL customers that we will always preference for any of those trains as long as the volumes are adequate. And as I said on the international side, we really depend on Eric's forecast on what is hitting our ports and we'll make the appropriate decisions on a week-to-week basis. The good news on the Intermodal front, despite the decline, is that there is plenty of opportunity to increase train size as we see volumes coming back into that space.
Eric Butler: Yeah, Brian, this is Eric. So, you're correct, there is continued expansion of wind capability kind of in the energy space throughout the country. Most of wind has to be backed up by some other source of power because you can't depend on it completely as you know. It is not a material year-over-year impact for us in terms of our coal burned or coal space.
Eric Butler: Yeah, Brian the sole-less [ph] thing as you said was effective July 1. As you know the shippers are responsible for certifying all of those weights. As far as we can tell that has not been impact on the supply chain, so it is not been an impact on us and we can't tell yet any significant impact on the full supply chain.
Eric Butler: Yeah. So, Allison, this is Eric. There was some minus sequential softening in [Indiscernible]. We think the 2% price that we turned in is positive and it continues to be above inflation, but it also is reflective in of market that we have there is surplus capacity in the market on all modes of traffic. We continue with our strategy. We continue to price to the value that we bring and we think we're bringing a substantial value and we're improving our value and we continue to take as you said in the past a targeted market-based approach on pricing. If you look in the future, you do see capacity tightening across all modes of traffic and we continue to be positive about our ability to price our value the future.
Eric Butler: Hopefully -- this is Eric, hopefully, I was sounding more balanced than optimistic, but if you look at storage right now, there is -- storage is about 30% higher, storage of all types, grain, beans et cetera than what the five year average has been. And then if you look at the crop there was something like 6 million more acres of corn planted this year and it's still dependent upon kind of the weather and the harvest, but right now it looks like it's going to be pretty decent yields from the current crop. And so if you look at the pretty decent yields from the current crop if you look at the high storage levels on a historical basis, if you look at some of the challenges -- in particular South American crops that have had, it suggests that there's going to be opportunity to move grain in the second half of the year at a higher run rate than what we saw in the first half.
Eric Butler: Grains clearly -- our grain products are from the standpoint. The driver in grain products is ethanol is a large portion of that and then next kind of the soybean meals. And so those are also very sensitive to the crops and basically the crop pricing and whether or not ethanol will be in the money.
Eric Butler: Tom, inventories have gotten better -- have retreated from the seven year highs that we saw last month. They are still high in a relative basis, but they are coming down.
Eric Butler: Yeah, so I think if you look at the absolute volumes in the TT [ph] trait, they are not strong. There are some period-to-period kind of shifts going on and you do see some of the business that shifted to the canal because of the strike just gradually coming back there. So, that's kind of coloring some of the trend, but the TT trade volumes are relatively weak from a historical standpoint. If you look at the carrier consolidation issues, there's huge volatility going on in there. As I mentioned at the last earnings release significant volatility in terms of mergers, acquisitions and that volatility does have impact to the supply chain depending on which carriers have what book of business that you're aligned with. So, that volatility is impacting what we see in the supply chain.
Eric Butler: Eric, I think you have piped all of the dynamics exactly correct quarter prices are coming down. They are projected to come down even more because of the strong harvest that is projected to come, but there is an issue where it will have to move, so that is exactly the dynamic that's going on. There is probably some headwinds to farmers wanting to move it, but there's probably some physical logistics where they have to move it and that's some of I think what we're seeing in the outlook.
Eric Butler: Eric, no, I mean other income plus or minus 150 is kind of a number, but no, those tend to be as you've seen lumpy and there's no straight-line way of thinking about that.
Eric Butler: So, I assume you're asking a coal question and ethanol question separately? So, on the coal question I would say it depends on what energy region you're in, what ISO, what RT you're in; it depends on the utility that's within that region. So, it depends on a lot of different things. I think it's instructive to look at the fact of the reference increase in burn month-over-month to indicate that clearly there are a lot more utilities and -- that are in the money just if you look at that increase burn. So, that would be my coal comment. In terms of ethanol, I think ethanol from a use standpoint is "always in the money" because it is needed as a necessary oxygen and a replacement for the MBTEs for gasoline and so as gasoline volumes go, ethanol blending with that will go the question is how much margin the ethanol manufacturers are making. But ethanol is more driven by gasoline sales and then need to get the oxygenate and the replacement for the MBTEs.
Eric Butler: Yeah, so if you look at the number of drilling rigs they're up modestly -- I think the number is -- you're going from like 400 rigs to 430 rigs or something like that, that's close to probably what the number is compared to 1,000 rigs last year. So, it's increased modestly because the price of fuel has increased and there is slightly more drilling activity. I think the amount of white sand we'll see will be a direct correlation to as drilling activity comes on you'll see white sand demand go up.
Eric Butler: Yeah. Rob, this is Eric. I wouldn’t had a lot of focus on kind of the train size in Intermodal. We're always adding different products and services as part of our growth and value proposition as part of our conversion strategy. And so you could be adding a product or service in the line and it will start small because it adds the potential to grow and that's part of the mix in train size that you'll always see.
Eric Butler: Okay. So, trying to make sure I understand your question so auto parts network is a growing network, it grew about 9%, 10% in the quarter. It's smaller than our multilevel network, but it is growing. Probably two-thirds, three quarters of it does run as part of our premium Intermodal network running container shipments and that's a necessity because it is a premium product.
Eric Butler: I don't have the historical number right at my fingertips. That is larger than it typically historical norm. As you know you do have the shelf month there and the second quarter because you are not heating or cooling and then you have the pickup cyclically, but that is higher than what you typically see.
Eric Butler: As a said before you know they are all low competitive factors that are going on. I mentioned earlier there might've been while you dropped off the call that there was surplus capacity in all loads truck capacity, shipping capacity, rail capacity, and you do see that capacity tightening across all modes as you look into the future.
Eric Butler: All of those factors are factors that go into our pricing and we price to our value and those are all factor.
Eric Butler: I don't know if I'm an expert on kind of the inflection point of total storage, I do think if you look at the trends and you're seeing some of the trends materialize even now storage is tight, farm income is under stress given the lower pricing. And so there is a cash flow dynamic for farmers in terms of holding versus selling that comes into play here. There is a demand that is picking up because of the weakness in some international markets like South American markets and then there is a big crop coming in. So, if you look at all of those things they do indicate that there is a high probability you are going to see strong moves.
Eric Butler: We do have a strong domestic franchise. As you know exports are picking up and they are all interrelated because to the extent you have strong export markets that takes the demand and we also participate in the export markets whether it's moving into the Gulf, moving into the River, moving into the West Coast particularly the P&W. So we have a strong domestic franchise, but the export markets also benefited us.
Eric Butler: Our auto part businesses growing faster than our finished vehicle's business because that is the growth area as you saw that in the second quarter auto-parts business as a lower RPUs than the finished vehicle's business.
Eric Butler: Don, there's a number of moving parts and Rob just walked you through them. One thing that's happening is we might've achieved incremental price on a piece of business that isn’t moving or isn’t moving at the same volume. So, we don't get the benefit of that price. It doesn't affect the topline. It could be that ALF is changing period-to-period there is a number of moving parts there you can't just presume the calculus is lower yields period-to-period.
Eric Butler: Don, we've stated even earlier in this call there is a floor and a floor is it re-investable and does it reflect the value that we are delivering to that particular customer market. So, we don't think of floors in terms of percent yield or percent price, with think of floors in terms of if that piece of business or book of business does not re-investable, it becomes much less attractive to us and we have demonstrated over a long period of time that we will choose not to pursue business that does not generate an attractive financial return over a long period of time.
Eric Butler: Yeah. So, about half of our franchises to or from Mexico that's all unfinished vehicles and parts. We -- the Mexico volume is growing as you know. Historically, it was like 2 million vehicles, I think they are probably up to about 3.7 million vehicles produced in Mexico. The forecasts is they are going to get close to about 5 million vehicles produced in Mexico. We think we have a great Mexico franchise. We're the only railroad that has real connectivity to all six rail border crossings. We have great interline business relationships with every railroad in Mexico. We also have multimodal relationships that we are working with and Mexico. So, we think we have eight great franchise and will partake in that uptake over time.
Eric Butler: So, there's a lot of factors that go I would say generally we think the net shift is a positive for our franchise.
Eric Butler: We see a normal cyclical pick up as you go through the 2Q to the 3Q just because the summer construction season that we see across most of our serving territory. Don't have as much construction in the winter as you do in the summer as we do expect to see sequential pick up. You also are seeing some strengthening in housing starts not as much as you would expect waste on the demographic trends. We think that's a positive for the long-term for our business because the demographic trends are suggesting there has to be a stronger pick up than what we've seen. So you are still seeing that along with the cyclical trends so we think sequentially that will be positive for us.
Robert Knight: Yeah, Scott, a couple of comments. One, yes my commentary on the operating ratio was a full year comment because as you know we have previously said our expectation earlier in the year was call it mid-single-digit volume decline for the full year and with that assumption improvement year-over-year on the operating ratio and with the revised volume guidance for the full year what we're saying there or signaling there is that we are very focused on continuing to improve our margins, but the year-over-year improvement looks less likely at this stage of the game. But having said that, that does imply -- our guidance on volume does imply and our guidance on our commitment to improving our margins does imply that we expect to making continued improvement from here on our operating ratio and not only this year but as we strive to continue to meet that full year 2019 60 plus or minus. On the headcount question, yeah, we had very good performance as it relates to headcount in the second quarter. Volumes, obviously, play a role in that, but as you know, Scott, depending on what volumes actually are combined with of our focus on G55 productivity initiatives, our headcount will move up or down with volume and our expectations from this going forward backed up by our volume guidance is that sequentially we do expect our volumes to improve from where we are today that would suggest that headcounts will move up, but not one for one. And by the time we finish the full year, I would expect that you'll see us clearly down year-over-year, but it will all depend upon exactly how the volumes play out.
Robert Knight: I am not. Other than we're very focused and expect particularly with improving volume that we'll continue to improve where we are today.
Robert Knight: Allison, that's directionally correct, but I would just kind of remind everyone while inflation is low against historical levels, we aren’t really -- it's not mechanically terms of how we price, but, yes, I think directionally those are probably not bad numbers.
Robert Knight: Chris, I mean as you know we don't give guidance on mix because of the moving parts and I would just say as you've heard me say many times, I think that's basically true for our franchise because we have such a diverse set of business mixes that we in fact are playing in not only at a macro level, but mix within mix at the commodity level. So, as a result we can't and don't give specific guidance. But we did say we knew certainly the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year were unusually high given some of the mix and we thought it would start to moderate throughout the year and it has. So, I would expect that I wouldn't give guidance that will be plus or minus, but I think it was reasonable to assume that look sort of more normal if you will could be plus, could be minus as the year plays out depending on actually what volumes move.
Robert Knight: Generally, but again, Chris, as I think you know and others perhaps as well, you can have mix within mix. So, using our example of coal you can have a mix of positive or negative even just within the coal line.
Robert Knight: Yeah, Chris I think you said it right, we compete vigorously every day for business we have strong real competitor, strong truck competitors. We have strong water barge shipping competitors and you're exactly right we compete vigorously. We do think we have a strong value proposition and we think that with that strong value proposition we can compete effectively on that value proposition and price for the value that we're providing to the marketplace. As I said earlier you're seeing capacity tighten and many of those modes and we think that's positive for the competitive environment, but, yes, we compete vigorously every day.
Robert Knight: So, as you go forward you certainly know what's happening in terms of the trucking regulations that are out there like electronic logs and the impact that, that's going to have. I think you have seen in the last couple of months a number of large trucking companies as part of their public pronouncements discuss what they see with capacity trends and their predictions about tightening. You see kind of in the ship space some of the consolidations that are going on. So, I think it is kind of across all volumes. Of course you see rail volumes picking up. So, I think across all modes, you see that tightening.
Robert Knight: We won't do this, I promise on to many questions, Tom. This is Rob and I have to pile on. All of that leverage that we're confident in that Cam and Lance just talked through are all embedded in that drive to that 60 plus or minus operating ratio and of course, as you know we're striving to even set our sights beyond that at 55. So, it's that confidence that we are well-positioned with positive volume growth to be in a great position of leveraging that.
Robert Knight: I mean Ken, as you know, it all starts with driving a stronger cash flow as we can and we're obviously committed on returning cash to shareholders and we'll continue to be opportunistic in terms of at what price and when and how much we actually buyback. So, same philosophy, focus on generating as much cash as we can, so that we're in a high class challenge of deciding what to do with that cash and I would expect it will continue to be opportunistic as we move forward on the share buybacks.
Robert Knight: Yeah, Justin this is Rob, I would say the biggest piece and I totally understand your question because you're exactly right in the terms of the way you map through that is centers around the consumer. I mean it centers around the Intermodal product as much as anything else in the cautiousness that we're expressing today. You're right, we did come in a little bit stronger in the second quarter, largely driven that pick up in coal. If you look at the difference in the second quarter where we finish what we had guided to, but the full year number simply said is largely driven by that consumer cautiousness that we're seeing in the Intermodal space.
Robert Knight: Justin, you nailed it when you said you know we don't give that break out because we endeavor to price to market and drive value in every one of our commodity groups, but we don't break out by commodity as you're striving for.
Robert Knight: No, and I would say number one, it varies each sort of negotiation is separate, but I wouldn't even go so far as to say that.
Robert Knight: I'm following your question David, I would say no, I mean it was a continuation of our focus on being as efficient and as productive as we can which I think our results reflect lined up well given the unfortunate downturn in 11% volume. So, I would say there's nothing unique about that other than it was a good hard work across the entire organization to make the right decisions.
Robert Knight: Yeah, yet fuel was a big -- I would say there's nothing to call it there other than the fuel which rose late in the quarter.
Robert Knight: Rob, this is Rob, I would say you're using the auto's examples which is a good one and there are other examples where we enjoy to your point. We enjoy the sort of multiple move and in fact, I would just -- using your example I would say we also supply coal to the utilities providing the electricity to make the car. So, there's a lot of moving parts there, specifically what percent autos, we don't have that.
Robert Knight: Yeah, Don, this is Rob. The way we calculate that core price number is what do we actually yield in the quarter from our pricing actions and as you think note when we calculations that I'm proud to say is ultraconservative and that is we take it across our entire book of revenue even as a work contracts that are being repriced in that particular timeframe it is what do we yield overall. And would also just want to of course as you know given that calculation when we don't have the benefit of positive growth in commodities like coal, we obviously no longer have any of the legacy renewals, I mean that's part of the change if you look at where we are today versus where we were a year plus ago.
Robert Knight: No, it's not necessarily what was reset in the quarter but what dollars. The calculus is simply what dollars to be a from price increases during the quarter. So, if perhaps was something that was reset prior to the quarter, but that's -- and again what did we yield against our entire book of revenue.
