Lance Fritz: Thank you and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Cameron Scott, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.3 billion for the third quarter of 2015. This equates to $1.50 per share, which is down 2% compared to the third quarter of 2014. Total volumes decreased about 6% in the quarter, more than offsetting another quarter of solid core pricing gains. Carload volume declined in five of our six commodity groups with coal down the most at 15%. Automotive was the one commodity group with a year-over-year increase in the quarter with carloads up 5% versus 2014. On the cost side, we made significant progress aligning our resources to current demand. And I am pleased to report a quarterly record operating ratio of 60.3%. Going forward we will be intently focused on generating further productivity improvements. In addition, developing new business remains an important part of our strategy, whether we grow existing markets, develop new business with existing customers or find new market opportunities our commercial team is constantly filling the business development pipeline. I'm encouraged with the progress we have made as the men and women of Union Pacific worked tirelessly and safely to serve our customers and deliver value to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
Lance Fritz: Thanks, Rob. As you have heard from the team, we have made great progress in meeting this year's challenges. Our operating metrics have improved to more efficient levels, and our resources are now more closely in line with demand. We will continue our unrelenting focus on operating safely and providing a quality service product for our customers. We will also continue to grow existing business and to establish new markets. Even so, as Rob said, there are some question marks as we finish 2015 and head towards next year. One uncertainty, of course, is the extension of the positive train control deadline. We continue to believe that Congress will do the right thing for our country and our customers and will vote to extend the deadline. Beyond that, energy prices, the consumer economy, grain markets, the strength of the US dollar, all will be key to future demand. Over the long term, we are well positioned to safely provide our customers with excellent service, while delivering strong value to our shareholders. So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: We don't about specific customer issues or specific commercial issues with customers. Our strategy has not changed. We think we have a strong value proposition. We are going to price to the value proposition to generate a return for our company. Our strategy has not changed.
Lance Fritz: Sure Ken. Before I turn it over to Cameron for a little more technicolor, like we have answered historically, there are just almost limitless opportunities for us to continue to improve the business. What you saw in the quarter and what we have reported for an average quarterly fluidity reflected in velocity has been accelerating through the quarter. So as we are stepping into the fourth quarter we feel pretty bullish about the ability to continue to make gain. And the other thing to think aboutfrom a service perspective is while the fluidity of the network at this moment in time looks like it has that any previous period from the standpoint of very good. There are still opportunities in specific service products that we can continue to make strides on. So Cameron, I will give it to you to talk a little bit more specifically about projects for productivity.
Lance Fritz: Tom, this is Lance. Historically, we've always focused on providing an excellent product and then charging for the value that that product represents to our customer base. We faced markets that are very difficult, different headwinds and we faced very robust markets and that philosophy doesn't change. So, we are in a very competitive business. We compete aggressively for the business that we enjoy. And at the same time we expect to receive a price that represents the value that we provide and it has to be reinvestable. All that's real, and all that continues to be real as we look into the future.
Lance Fritz: Tom, I wouldn’t change my answer to you at all. We expect to be paid for the value that we represent and we expect to be able to reinvest in our business.
Lance Fritz: Yes. I would add, it's very dependent on the lanes around the network. We still do have targeted capital investment that's oriented towards siding length extensions and being able to increase maximum train length on a particular route over and above what you see as average train length here. So, there are always or right now there are opportunities for us to continue to invest targeted capital to make that happen but we're a far way away from being at our average train length threatening our current siding length.
Lance Fritz: Yes. So, Rob, what we've announced, well we said that we would do is there is not an extension. And again, I'm very optimistic that Congress will be prudent and well, has an extension before we have to take any action. But what we've said is around Thanksgiving, in order to remove TIH from our railroad, we would have to start imposing an embargo. And that would be impactful. That means we'd have to stop allowing interchange product onto us of those commodities as well as start working with customers, try to figure out a way for them to ship it an alternative lines. Also we said as we approached the end of the year, we would start working with our Amtrak as well as the commuter agencies that we host to stop passenger traffic. Both of them would be very bad for the U.S. economy and for commuters. The TIH includes commodities like chlorine, that's used to clean drinking water. It includes products that go into fertilizer and other manufacturing processes. So, that would all have an impact on the U.S. economy. And then you can imagine in a place like Chicago, if the commuter lines were to stop running January 1, what commutes would be like for the 300,000 people a day that rely on those commuter lines.
Lance Fritz: Alex, we would welcome nothing more than a surprise on the upside in terms of volume next year. And we are well positioned to be able to absorb that into the existing network. Cameron has got adequate locomotives and crews ready all around the network to be able to handle an uptick. The fluidity in the network would be able to absorb it rapidly. He and the operating team have done a great job in terms of getting the terminal and yard productivity up, and we will be able to bring in cars readily into that environment and handle it fluidly. And between Eric and Cameron and the rest of the team, they've done a stupendous job on stabilizing our train plan and making sure that it's robust enough to be able to handle some incremental growth. So, that would have significant leverage for us and we'd welcome it.
Lance Fritz: That's an excellent question, Brandon; one that we are constantly working on. Our primary focus, first and foremost is a robust reliable excellent service product and in that context it's making that service product better than the alternatives. That puts us in a position to be able to secure a price premium. And that represents the value of that service product. So, long as we're in that position, then we can handle the rest of the pressure points appropriately. And when it comes to a regulation, our best defense in a regulatory environment is happy customers and customers that are getting an excellent service product. That won't stop the conflict around the pricing discussions that we have, it won't stop regulators from wanting to find ways to regulate us. But it will stop some of the pressure and that's our biggest defense when we focus on those.
Lance Fritz: We are keenly focused on making sure we generate a really attractive return on our investing capital. Embedded in that is trying to make sure we continue to improve our margins. I think we've outlined today that there are ample opportunities to continue to make that happen. One of them is price, but it's only one of the mechanisms and that's what we're focused on.
Lance Fritz: Yes. We've actually only mentioned it this quarter and little bit last quarter. So, it really depends on the consumer. Consumer confidence does appear to be strong, it does appear to be a trend where consumers are paying down debt and spending on non-product things like data, internet, healthcare services, etcetera. I do think if you talk to a lot of the BCO's and the retailers, they do have an expectation that with consumer confidence remaining strong, there should be a pickup during the holiday season of sales but time will determine whether or not that happens.
Lance Fritz: Hey, John. Regardless of what SAAR is. What we really are pleased with is the UP Automotive franchise. It’s outstanding, it gives us great access to Mexico, products produced in Mexico, gives us great access to the ports of products produced over season imported. And we have an excellent distribution system for finished vehicles on in the Western United States. We're in a very good place when it comes to the automotive franchise.
Lance Fritz: Matt, this is Lance. So, I want to provide a little editorial comment as well. I think United States is blessed with the coal reserves that we are and our ability to generate electricity with coal, relatively cleanly, and it’s never been as clean as it is today. It would be a mistake from the U.S. economy perspective, our competitiveness globally to continue to regulate that out artificially. I think we have to work on continuous improvement with the emissions from coal fuel generation, but it would be a mistake to artificially retard that too much.
Lance Fritz: Yes. And as you know we are not going to give guidance in terms of pricing in the future. We do think that the domestic intermodal market should continue to have strong pricing opportunities in 2000 and as we go into the future.
Lance Fritz: I don't think we said we're not going after fixed cost. We focused the commentary on some of the variable cost, but where we have opportunity to for instance reduce our CapEx or for instance reduce the physical footprint of shops that maintain locomotives or other areas like that. We're going to take advantage of those as well. I think what we were trying to impart is that our coal network is not isolated and independent from our overall network. And so it would be very hard to tease out individual physical assets hard assets that are completely dedicated to coal and isolated on their own.
Lance Fritz: Don, this is Lance. There is never a conversation at our commercial team enters into with the customer on price; that's easy. It doesn't matter if their volumes' up or the volumes' down. So, clearly Eric and his team into the environment that we are in right now have secured what in the third quarter 3.5% coal price and then in the previous quarters as much as 4% coal price. Though none of that came easy or was a layout and I expect them to continue that good hard work into next year's securing an appropriate price for the value that we represent to our customers.
Lance Fritz: Thank you very much, Rob. And thank you all for your questions and interest in Union Pacific, this morning. We look forward to talking with you again in January.
Cameron Scott: Thank you Eric, and good morning. Starting with our safety performance, our year-to-date reportable personal injury rates improved 12% versus 2014 to a record low of 0.92.  While we continue to make significant improvements, we won’t be satisfied until we reach our goal of 0% incidents, getting everyone of our employees home safely at the end of each day. With respect to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our reportable rate increased 17% to 3.56, driven by an increase in yard and industry reportables. While our reportable rate has taken a step back this year, we are confident that our strategy aimed at eliminating human factor incidents and hardening our infrastructure will put us back on a path of long-term improvement. In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate increased slightly versus 2014 to 2.25. We continue to focus on driving improvement by reinforcing public awareness through channels including public safety campaigns and community partnerships. Moving onto network performance, our operating metrics showed a step function improvement in the third quarter with net work velocity reaching levels not achieved since 2013. While weather conditions in the quarter were more favorable from an operating standpoint, year-over-year volume swings and business mix shifts continue to create a dynamic operating environment. However, the men and women at Union Pacific proved up to the challenge, diligently leveraging the strength of our franchise that serve our customers proudly.  In regards to service, one of the key metrics we use to track our performance is our service delivery index. The measure, which gauges how well we are meeting overall customer commitments improved 8% versus the third quarter of last year. We also generated improvement in our local service product to customers with a 95.3% industry [Indiscernible], which measures the delivery or [polling] of a car to or from a customer. Though we know there is still more work to do and we are working hard everyday to further improve service and reduce cost.  Adjusting resources to current demand continued to be a key focus area for us in the third quarter. While we noted back in July that we had our locomotive fleet close to being right sized, we have made meaningful progress adjusting our TE&Y workforce over the past couple of months. By the end of September we had around 2700 TE&Y employees either furloughed or in alternative work status, compared with 1200 at the end of the second quarter. In addition to adjusting the lower volumes, our improvement in network performance has translated into fewer [Indiscernible] resource demands of our network. Overall, our total  TE&Y workforce was down 10% in September versus June. Around half of this decrease was driven by fewer employees in the training pipeline. Our active locomotive fleet is down 140 units from the end of the second quarter. As we currently sit, we still have some work left to do when our resources at the end of the third quarter were more closely aligned with current demand. While resource alignment has been a key focus throughout the year, we have not lost sight of other initiatives, which also drive productivity. We ran record train lengths in nearly all major categories, remaining agile and adapting our transportation plan to current demand. We were also able to generate efficiency gains within terminals, as productivity initiatives led to record terminal productivity even with 4% decline in the number of cars switched. Growth capacity investments, alongside process improvements, have enhanced our ability to generate productivity and have increased the fluid capabilities of our networks. In addition, our progress in adjusting resources to demand has helped enable gains in asset utilization, including locomotive productivity. While the mix headwind from running lower coal volumes largely drove the 1% decline versus the third quarter of 2014, this fleet productivity metric has improved 6% sequentially from the second quarter levels. To wrap up, as we move forward, we expect our safety strategy will yield record results on our way to an incident-free environment. And while we gained significant traction throughout the quarter, we continue making operational improvements by leveraging the strengths of our diverse franchise to deliver service products our customers have come to expect. With our resources now closely in line with demand, we will continue our focus on other productivity initiatives to further reduce costs. Ultimately running a safe, reliable and efficient railroad creates value for our customers and increases returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron Scott: We continue to see opportunities in a number of different areas, including variable cost control, train length growth, terminal productivity, see greater fuel efficiency, and engineering and mechanically – efficiency initiative to help squeeze out as much productivity as possible. And we are gaining traction in all of these areas as Rob mentioned.
Cameron Scott: Yes. Our job going forward, Scott, is -- Cameron, continued stay focused on getting the housing order from an operating craft head count. We are also in the process of getting our housing order on a non-agreement perspective. Right, we talked about that in an announcement late in the third quarter. And we've got an opportunity in capital head count particularly in light of Rob's discussion that capital is likely to be down next year. As we exit this year, we got an opportunity to make adjustments there.
Cameron Scott: So, as we talked at earlier earnings releases, we did have, I think Rob said a percent to 2% share benefit last year from business with the difficulties at our competitors, we fully expected that to migrate back and elsewhere in a couple of areas, those were intermodal, those were in grain, those were in coal, and we have NRC and those migrate back and backwards aligned with our expectations.
Cameron Scott: You are exactly right, Lance. And our coal network is truly built out. So, for us it's really more of how we manage the tangible assets around locomotives and crews and we'll continue to do that. Having said that, we'll continue to study the assets around our coal network and react appropriately.
Rob Knight: As we said David, coal demand really depends on a couple of major factors. One the competitiveness against natural gas, and so what the outlook for natural gas pricing is, and certainly the weather and certainly export markets will have an impact on the coal market. Now at this point if you look at natural gas futures, there is no discernible improvement in that natural gas pricing. So you would assume natural gas will remain very competitive versus coal. I don't think you would project any improvement of coal market share against natural gas pricing and the weather is always an open factor.
Rob Knight: So, again the main driver is kind of the competitiveness of coal. I think you should also look at the current inventories. The inventories as we mentioned are about 20 days above historical five-year average levels. They are actually about 30 days above last year third quarter levels. So you can assume that there would be some desire of utilities to manage those inventories down to a more normal level.
Rob Knight: Ken, this is Rob. Let me jump on that. A couple of points. One, how we calculate price, very proud of it. That is, we only count what actually moves. So, we calculate the yield, the price. So, the point being, volume has an impact clearly on our reported price. Anything I would say is our attitude. Our focus has not changed at all in terms of our commitment and understanding to drive price as a key contributor to what we've been able to achieve up to this point and it will be a key contributor as we move forward, continuing to get that solid core pricing. And I wouldn’t read too much, frankly, into the change from the second quarter to third quarter, because there is volume issues, there is the legacy that we called out. And there is some round, we always round the numbers in terms of what we report here. So, there's not as big of a gap if you will from the second to third as you might otherwise think. Again, our commitment and our focus on pricing is unchanged.
Rob Knight: No, I get it. I mean, clearly we are saying that you can assume that the legacy is not going to continue, but in terms of what happens underneath or beyond legacy, we haven’t given a precise number of guidance, other than our commitment to core real core pricing gains above inflation. And we're not changing our attitude or focus there. What the number actually ends up being, stay tuned.
Rob Knight: Yes. Tom. I wouldn't take the run rate because we're satisfied that we make great progress, but that was a pretty steep successful decline from the second quarter which we're very proud of. And all I would say to you is we are going to control the things that we can control and as Cam has mentioned we got continuing opportunities while we make great progress, right sizing and realigning the organization; we are not done yet. We're going to continue to take initiatives to squeeze that out and be as effective as we possibly can. So, the run rate probably will be different but the success of our -- continue to be realigned and look for every opportunities we can to further that productivity initiative will continue.
Rob Knight: Yes. I think if you look at what's going on currently in the trucking environment, the lower fuel cost is allowing trucks to be more competitive vis-a-vis rail just by virtue of that fact. Long term trucks still have the same systemic long term issue that they've always had in terms of driver shortages, some of the productivity headwinds that they have with some of the CSA regulations, the road congestion, etcetera. So, we are still very confident of our ability to drive truck conversions which we demonstrated even in the third quarter in earning a model business. Certainly trucks are great competitor and there is some competitive impact that we always, [indiscernible] and effort. We are still positive about the position that we are in as a rail and driving conversions from truck to rail.
Rob Knight: Trucks are always a competitor. We feel very good about our value proposition and our ability to compete.
Rob Knight: No. Scott, I just got to take you back. Remember, we had previously guided that we thought we would finish the year flattish with 2014, I think was roughly 48,000 number. What we're saying now given the confidence we have in the progress we've made today is we expect to end the year with the number being down a percent or so. So, I think compared to where we are now, it's flattish but a good volume and other initiatives will dictate exactly where that number lands but okay that's the map.
Rob Knight: We haven't finished our planning first next year, Scott, on a number of initiatives. But I think it's safe to say that the labor inflation will be lower than it was this year. Remember, this year we had the double wage, we had other issues that push the labor inflation full year up closer to that we had 5% to 6% in the first half of the year. So, I think it's competent, we're competent, says it's going to be lower than that. Exactly where that number lands at this point in time, again stay tuned.
Rob Knight: Yes. What I'm saying there is the absolute number we would expect to come down, but it may not be in that 16 to 17 guidance range, yet, because remember this year because of the fall-off in the revenue, driven largely by the fall-off in the fuel surcharge revenue. And as you know and others know, we don't set our capital plan based on revenue. It's just the kind of guiding marker that we provide to you. So, it's possible that we'll quite make it all the way down to that 16 to 17 depending on how the revenue number looks as we work through our planning process and that's what I am suggesting.
Rob Knight: Yes. Allison, this Rob. I mean, this year overall inflation again largely driven by that discussion I just had with the labor line is probably in the above three'ish, so maybe slightly higher than three, full year this year. Again, Allison, as you know, we don't set, again that's another marker similar to my discussion on capital. We don't set our pricing based on any one particular period inflation expectation. That's just a marker that we expect to continue to achieve above, that can be lumpy from one quarter to the next or one period to the next. But to answer your question, inflation overall was three-plus'ish this year.
Rob Knight: Yes. So, Allison, as we mentioned, the decline in our intermodal space was really in the international and the mobile space. And there is really a number of different dynamics that are going on in that. One is not to complete remigration if you will from east coast to west coast so that that is progressing. One is as you know in the liner steam ship business there is a number of different dynamics going on there with the different alliances and different entities deciding what lanes they're going to put their ships in. And certainly, kind of the suggested softness in China and other parts of the Asian and them all having the impact on that. So, those are really the drivers in terms of our domestic intermodal franchise. As we mentioned, we grew. This will be the seventh consecutive year of record of volumes. We feel great about our franchise, the position of our franchise and the strength of our franchise.
Rob Knight: Alex, this is Rob. What I am calling out there, I mean, we'll see how the world actually plays out in terms of volume. But as we look at this point, we're not giving precise earnings guidance. It does look like we're going to have a bigger headwind in the fourth quarter on mix year-over-year and the reason for that is last year's mix actually was quite favorable. And if you look at the business, we were running sand fairly strong, coal was relatively strong, Ag was a pretty positive mix player. And those are things that we just don't see repeating in the fourth quarter. In addition, as I called out, we see a headwind year-over-year in fuel because last year's fourth quarter we got the benefit of about a nickel of the timing of fuel the fourth quarter last year which we don't see that reporting repeating again this year. So, I am calling out that year-over-year, it does look to us like the fourth quarter does have some bigger challenges than frankly the third quarter did.
Rob Knight: Yes. I mean, Chris, I mean, you probably could. Right, my answer here and everyone would say, I mean, we're not giving precise guidance, because in terms of what we're in buyback. Because if we don't do that, I mean, we certainly value and understand the value of a continued buyback program. And we kind of walked our talk there. And as we've always said, we will be opportunistic in the marketplace, based on factors like the price of the stock. So, all those are factors in terms of how it will look as we play out into the next several quarters. We will continue to take the same mindset if you will, in terms of how we approach the opportunity and approach how many shares we actually do buyback.
Rob Knight: Cherilyn, this is Rob. Yes, we made good progress on that. Remember that marker that I was sharing with you in the first and second quarter was against the previous year and we feel very good about as Cam walked through. We feel very good about the quarter progress we made in better aligning our resources. Having said that, we are not done. I mean, that's last year it wasn't the end of the game. So, we still see opportunities for us to continue to squeeze out productivity initiatives on multiple fronts and we are going to continue to do that. But in answer to your direct question of compared to what I showed you last quarter on the year-over-year, we made very good progress in taking out those inefficiencies that we showed you in the second quarter.
Rob Knight: Yes, John. I think that's a great question. Certainly as you mentioned, the SAAR's rate is kind of at a barn burner rate. The amount of debt associated with auto loans is that. I think the auto manufacturers would still be pretty bullish because of the features that they think they're providing to the consumer, and the average age of automobiles out there. But the sales rate is at a high number and so that by definition would indicate a little caution and concern. We don’t have too much concern about model changeovers. There is always model changeovers. We see that year-in year-out. We have the benefit of a very broad diverse autos franchise and somewhere there’s always that happening. So, we don’t see that as too big an issue, but certainly the sales rate, the amount debt associated with sales, you could say something there to watch out for.
Rob Knight: John, this probably will shock you, but we look at it every day and feel are very comfortable that what we have done to-date works for us. And we're not changing our approach or that how we look at it but I understand the point of your question, but rest assured, we look at what’s the right way to deal with this and we’re confident that we are doing the right thing.
Rob Knight: Yes, Matt, this is Rob. Yes. I mean, I don’t see any general -- not calling out that there would be any change in terms of the direction we've been and we haven’t changed our approach. And so I don’t anticipate of being any big swing in that.
Rob Knight: Hey, Cleo. The numbers that you see in autos and intermodal from kind of in our yield standpoint is really hindered by the fuel cost surcharge reduction. That's more than a 100% of that impact.
Rob Knight: Quick -- Cleo, this is Rob. Let me take that first question. I would caution you not to just use straight line numbers on it because I think the piece to answer to your question what you're missing, I think what you're missing in that analysis is mix. Mix has an impact within each of the commodity groups in terms of what ends up being reported as average revenue per car on top of each of their individual impacts from the fuel surcharge. So, I would just caution you that there are differences within each commodity group.
Rob Knight: There is a lot of input, a lot of ins and outs that happen. There are lots of dynamics as you know going on in the international intermodal market that are dynamics being driven by other countries and steam ship liner carriers. We feel good about our value proposition. We feel very good about our domestic intermodal franchise and our ability to get price on that.
Rob Knight: Cleo, we've historically said and I don't think it's changed much to kind of maintain what we've currently got is about $2 billion plus minus number and after that it's things like technology, PTC, capacity additions, commercial facilities, new equipment, etcetera.
Rob Knight: As we are making our capital plans next year, we're just constantly evaluating both capital productivity in terms of dollar per unit that we put in the ground or buy and where exactly we're putting it. So, I won't make any commentary on exactly what those plans look like.
Rob Knight: Yes. I mean you're exactly right, Ben. That the lever says you've heard us talking as you fully understand the levers that draw this from where we once where to where we are today are productivity which is driven by the service. That sort of has also enabled us to get the right place in the marketplace and volume is always our friend in that calculus. We are going to control those that we can best control. So, I would say, frankly, the biggest risk I see at this point is that which we have less control on and that's the economy and what that then gives us in terms of volume to play with. But as I've said many times and you've heard us say, we're not going to use the lack there of volume to slow us down on our initiatives to continue to make progress on that which we can control, but that's what we are going to continue to do as we have over the last decade.
Rob Knight: Don, you may have stumped me in terms of the actual numbers that you just worked through because I frankly wasn’t probably --.
Rob Knight: Yes. But I would just say that mix is clearly a factor in that, so just be careful in your analysis to factor that in.
Rob Knight: And again, all I would say about the pricing, is, we are going to continue to focus on driving value to our customers, continue to drive productivity and continue to drive price where we can in the marketplace. And we know that the underlying value of our service product to customers is a key component to that and it all kind of hangs together there. So, we're going to continue to focus on driving as much as we can on it.
Eric Butler: This is Eric, Jason. Now, we do not. Frankly, as we said last quarter and I think the previous quarter, we do think that ultimately the cheapest best fastest supply chain will win and that still is west coast ports. There are still probably a couple 3% points of share that migrated over to the east coast ports during the port strike that has not migrated back. We think some of that is just some short term risk management, some hedging for the market and retail inventories. But we fully expect that the shortest quickest, most economic supply chain wins in the end and that's the west coast.
Eric Butler: Both of the train side as you saw there, equates at about 6000 feet and almost 90% of our network is 7200 feet capable. So, we really don’t have any siding constraints and it is up to us to maximize train length and meet customer commitments. So, well, we have a lot of opportunity in that category going forward.
Eric Butler: Eric. Let me take a stab at that. The longer term, we feel very strong, very bullish on the intermodal product in general that in the long run is going to be driven in large part by U.S. consumers and consuming both international product as well as domestic product. It's also predicated on our ability to have a service product that can penetrate against a truck. And all of those secular dynamics are set up positively for the long run. In terms of dislocations that are happening in the short term, it's hard to time things out. It is very dependent on what happens in the U.S. economy, what the jobs pictures look like what the earning picture for consumers look like, what the U.S. dollar is doing. Adds then to all that, we're focused on controlling what we can control which is an excellent service product. We got the best franchise from a domestic and international intermodal perspective in the U.S. and that will serve us well over the long run.
Eric Butler: Yes. We've said historically, a 15% to 20% as a rough we look on, would be part of our core strategy of course, to minimize that as we increase our value proposition.
Eric Butler: Bascome, this is Eric. It varies. I would say the vast majority of the decline is in some way or the other attributable to natural gas prices. As you know, they are different high sell regions that we operate in and the impact of natural gas is different in those regions. But I would say vast majority is attributable at the end of the day to the competitiveness of coal with natural gas with one other factor and that's being our export coal market, just the worldwide export coal prices, that's also a factor.
Eric Butler: Hey, Bascome, as I mentioned earlier, one of the other factors that is a factor is the current level of coal inventories that now at the end of the third quarter there are 30 days higher than where they were last year and 20 days higher than the average five year average. So, I would say is their expectation to assume utilities would work those down, not only maybe even to the averages or below the averages, but they're trying to be in inventory management mode.
Eric Butler: Hey Matt, this is Eric. We look at that in depth continuously as part of our strategic and tactical analysis of our market. I would say that at a high level, coal continues to represent ongoing forward probably and necessary minimum third of electrical generation in the U.S. short of some new technology, I'll call it Star Trek technology just for short hand purposes. Coal, of necessity is going to be a part of the electrical generation of this country for the foreseeable future. And so I think you could perhaps the coal get to a minimum I'll call it a 30% market share but short of some really new generational technology and I think you'll right now for the foreseeable future that’s probably the minimum that will be.
Eric Butler: I think as we've been saying throughout the call, there is uncertainty about the going forward outlook in all of those and I am not sure our prediction will predict us any better than anyone else. Certainly the strong dollar is impacting our metal steel business, our domestic metal steel business, oil prices will be a direct factor in terms of the amount of drilling the amount of crude by rail and then the natural gas will be a direct driver in terms of the amount of coal. So, at those points, an ability to predict those items and that’s right, have any better ability than anybody else in the marketplace to do that.
Cleo Zagrean: Good morning and thank you for your time. My first question also on price. Against very strong yield that fuelled this quarter, the relative weakness in automotive and intermodal; could you please comment on the driver there whether it is mainly mix or comparative dynamics and how you expect them to play out into next year? And specifically, do you expect domestic intermodal to grow more strongly than international, with potentially positive impact on price? Thank you.
Cleo Zagrean: No. Just [indiscernible]. I simply added back an estimated 4% to 5% fuel impact through each of the price boat of ton-mile numbers that we see there and I appreciate that fuel impact would be different across safe categories. But so maybe then you could comment, is that are we missing something by seeing auto and intermodal as weakest in terms of yield but for mile year-on-year? And then my second question was whether domestic should grow faster, domestic overall than international next year and that's get some help to pricing overall from mix perspective. Thank you.
Cleo Zagrean: Okay, I appreciate that. And the second question relates to CapEx. Can you please remind us of the share that you consider discretionary versus maintenance or require renditions given shifts in the geography of demand and highlight for us those discretionary areas in which it appears prudent with step back this time? Thank you very much.
