John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today here in Omaha are Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer; Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Lance Fritz, our Executive Vice President of Operations. This morning, we're pleased to announce that Union Pacific achieved an all-time record financial results this quarter. We generated best-ever quarterly earnings of $2.48 per share, an increase of 13% compared to the third quarter of 2012. The quarter was not without its challenges, including headwinds in coal and grain volumes and severe flooding in Colorado that caused network disruptions and shipment delays. But at the end of the day, that's all part of running a railroad. We managed our network efficiently, overcoming these challenges and continued to benefit from the strength of our diverse franchise. When combined with real core pricing and productivity gains, we more than offset the flat volumes to generate a new, best-ever quarterly operating ratio of 64.8%. We feel very good about our accomplishments this quarter. We're leveraging our capital investments to strengthen the UP franchise and further enhance our value proposition in the marketplace. We remain focused on delivering safe, efficient, high-quality service that generates value for our customers and increased financial returns for our shareholders. So with that, let's get started this morning. I'll turn it over to Eric.
John J. Koraleski: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Well, as Eric mentioned, we've had a bit of a tough start here to the fourth quarter with the early blizzard slowing Coal volumes out of the Powder River Basin. But the good news is there's still a lot of quarter ahead of us. And as we did in the third quarter, we'll manage through the obstacles to ensure our customer commitments are met and our network is protected. More broadly, we continue to monitor the economic landscape and the ongoing saga in Washington. But supported by our diverse franchise, we remain agile and well positioned for economic recovery. The 50,000 men and women of Union Pacific stand ready to leverage the opportunities while navigating through the challenges. We'll continue focusing on re-investable pricing, attracting new, profitable growth opportunities and running a safe, efficient and reliable network that generates greater value for both our customers and shareholders going forward. So with that, let's open up the line for questions.
John J. Koraleski: Tom, I think overall, we're in a good position. We've not varied at all from our guidance that says we're going to get to an operating ratio of sub-65%. So it'll be a little more difficult. I'll let Rob give you some technicolor here.
John J. Koraleski: But as we -- as Eric -- I think what he's kind of talking about is and, Justin, chime in here, buddy, about 40%, typically 40% to 45% of our business is tied up in multiyear contracts. But in our current world, 3 to 5 years is probably the timeframe of those. About 1/3 of the business or 30% is tied up in 1 year, like letter quotes and deals, and then the other 30% is roughly tariff that we have 20 days notice in terms of changing price. So at any one point in time, we have our business constantly being evaluated and looking for market opportunities where we can take advantage of price increases.
John J. Koraleski: We're watching our capital spending very closely. Our -- we had reduced our 17% to 18% to 16% to 17%. Clearly, that implies we're going to see some volume growth. If we don't see the volume growth, we'll be paring back capital. We'll be making the right decisions from a return perspective as we see the needs across our network. PTC is still in there. At some point in time, we may or may not change those numbers. But at least right now, we're comfortable with the 16% to 17% kind of number we put out there last year.
John J. Koraleski: One of the things that Lance and Eric's team does that I love, and I think the customers do as well, is they do a postmortem on every one of these events and go back and say, "What did we learn from this? What would we be prepared to do differently the next time the cards line up this way," so that we always learn, we always -- the next time Mother Nature takes a swipe at us, we're better prepared and more experienced in terms of how to deal with it and minimize any disruptive situations for our customers."
John J. Koraleski: Yes, Justin. The initial buildout should handle 250,000 lifts a year. And we have plenty of space available to go way beyond that, in addition to it being our new fueling facility.
John J. Koraleski: And we also have new service products that your team has been working on with Lance and his team in terms of providing great service, some new market destinations and some originations. And as the network continues to evolve and develop, that's an opportunity for us as well.
John J. Koraleski: Well, you never say never because there are a number of pieces of legislation that we're watching, either legislation or from the Surface Transportation Board. But we work very hard to make sure that we're telling our story clearly, that we're creating value for customers, that we're investing heavily in our network and infrastructure. And anything that gets done on the regulatory front, we've been very clear that if it caps our ability to generate a return for our shareholders, it's going to curtail capital spending and investment. Nobody really wants to see that happening. And most people in Washington want to see more jobs and growth. So I never want to say we're not concerned about it, but we're working it as hard as we can to ensure that that's not a major issue for us.
John J. Koraleski: Well, great. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again in January.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Tom, I would just add to Jack's point, I mean, it's moving the ball forward. As you know, volume is always our friend because we're able to leverage that from a productivity standpoint. But you're right, without the benefit of the legacy repricing, we expect to continue to move the ball forward. And that's going to be continued focus on providing good service, leveraging volume where we can to squeeze out additional productivity initiatives and continue to fairly price the business. You add all that up, we continue -- we expect to continue to make progress on our overall margins.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Allison. We would -- at this point in time, and of course, things can change, we would expect that inflation looks like it's going to be more around, all-in, 2%-ish.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Scott. In the third quarter, our reported 3.5% price included, call it, roughly 1.5 points of legacy. But to your point, the 3.5% did not include probably less than 0.5 point of coal repriced business because the coal didn't move. So kind of do the math on that. As you look forward in 2014, yes, it's a legacy-light year and, yes, mix will play a part. I mean, if the volume of business that we've repriced, whether it be in coal or grain, if it happens to move before we've lapped the renewal of a contract, then we should see the benefit of the price on our price calculation. But as I always point out, if the business moves after we've lapped the repricing, while it may not show up in our core pricing number that we report, it will show up in our margin. So it's a net benefit to us, clearly. So I guess I'll just summarize by saying that we head into 2014 as optimistic as ever on our ability to price, but we just won't have that benefit of that, call it, 1.5% legacy charge.
Robert M. Knight: Scott, as you know, we always take a balanced approach. And as I've said many times, we're comfortable in the range we are right now on our net debt-to-cap ratio. I mean, it's not how we manage the business, but that's kind of a guiding light. So we'd always take a look at it, but that has served us well to be in that range. And in terms of will we look at more or less, we're going to continue to be -- hope to be -- continue to be optimistic in terms of our share repurchase. We did this year, as you know, buy at a higher rate of share buyback this year than we did last year, so we have been ramping that up. And I think that speaks to sort of our thought process.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, Ken, we never run out of opportunities to squeeze out productivity. And Lance and his team are continually looking at the mix shifts that take place in the business. And we challenge ourselves, and you've heard me say this many times, to offset 100% of inflation with productivity. If we get half, offset half of inflation with productivity, we're doing pretty well. And our track record has spoken very strongly, I think, in doing so, even without the benefit of volume. So if we get positive volumes, that certainly will help. So we'll continue to look for every opportunity we can.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Justin, this is Rob. The guidance, it's just a reset. The guidance on the operating ratio is to -- by full year 2017, to achieve a sub-full year 65% operating ratio. And volume is our friend. And when we give that sort of guidance, we're assuming that the economy will cooperate, that volumes will be on the positive side of the ledger, if you will. But we know that we can't predict precisely exactly what the mix is going to look like. So we're going to have to deal with the hand that the economy plays us between now and then. And we're confident that if the economy cooperates, that the mix will enable us to achieve that target. But as I've said all along, each measure, each metric we've given, as we've been working down from the mid-80s operating ratio years ago, we're going to get there as soon as we can, as efficiently as we can. We're not going to stop, so the sub-65% is not an end game. It's just the next rung on the ladder, if you will, and we'll get there as efficiently, leveraging volume, if we can, leveraging productivity and leveraging strong price.
Robert M. Knight: Yes -- no, you're exactly right. Now clearly, going from a mid-80s to a mid-60s rate of improvement is one slope. Going from where we are today to sub-65%, the slope of the line is different, but the tenets of how we get there are unchanged.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Brandon, I know what you're asking and it's just not a number we provide, other than to say that we're confident across our entire book of business there are opportunities for us to price to market and make sure that we are at the re-investable level. So that's as detailed as we get on that.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. No, Bill, I mean, there's no -- there's not like a mountain that's in our way that's not in other people's way. I mean, we all have the same challenges, and there's -- it's a great theoretical question in terms of how low can you get, and we get that question. I mean, a sub-65% is pretty good performance. We think we can go below that, while at the same time, of course, that's just a measure we use as shorthand, if you will. Because at the same time, what we are very focused on, of course, is improving returns, improving income, driving larger cash, et cetera. So at end of the day, that's what we're really focused on. How low can the margins go? We'll see.
Robert M. Knight: If I could just add on that, Justin, because you've heard me say this many times, no franchise matches the Union Pacific in and out of Mexico. We're the only railroad that has the 6 border-crossing points. And today, we enjoy in excess of, call it, around 80% market share of all autos business in and out of Mexico. While we haven't given a precise number of what the market share is going to look like after these plants go, we feel very good about the franchise. We have north of the border and the fact that we are the only rail the crosses those 6 border points, that we will get our fair share of business that wants to move north and south.
Robert M. Knight: For planning purposes, I'd look at it as an average, but we're not going to give detailed arc projections for Coal. And by the way, it will be dependent upon mix. I mean, in terms what -- we're confident in our ability to continue to price our overall book of business. We won't obviously have the legacy tailwind that we called out. But the arc will move based on the mix of the coal traffic that actually moves, so I can't give you a projection on that.
Robert M. Knight: I would just add to that. I mean, you're right. And you're also right that we're not going to stop at that and get there as efficiently as we can. But the things that can impact you, clearly, in addition to the economy that Jack points out, would be the fuel price. Just the math of the operating ratio performance is heavily -- can be heavily impacted by fuel. But beyond that, it's sort of business as usual, if you will, in terms of the tenets of what are going to get us from here to there.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Jeff. I mean, you're right. Bonus depreciation, we've had that benefit for several years now, and we don't anticipate that we'll see that benefit continuing to 2014. And as I've said, it's -- that impact in '14 is going to be in the several hundred million dollar range, but we don't think -- it's not going to impact our capital structure or our plans that we've outlined. But it's going to be kind of in that neighborhood.
Eric L. Butler: I think that's exactly right. Stockpiles have come down. They're about 20 days below where they were last year, and actually, a couple of days below what would be considered historical norms. So what Jack said is exactly correct. It -- factors are what's the electrical consumption, generation, what's weather. Those are always going to be the key factors.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So we still believe we'll see moderate growth in 2014. As we indicated in our comments, it's dependent upon a lot of market dynamics, including the spreads, the timing of additional capacity, production levels, overall demand. We're still very optimistic as we look at destination opportunities in California. Those destinations are still coming online. Some of them had long lead times just getting through the normal construction process that you typically go through in that region of the country. But again, kind of the normal vagaries of market dynamics will drive kind of what happens next year.
Eric L. Butler: Let me start with the international. The international, what I mentioned was some market share shifts amongst the steamship carriers. And so that -- as you know, there's excess steamship capacity, and there's natural shifts that are going on amongst them. And as the bid seasons happen every year, those shifts will happen in the steamship arena outside of the rail arena. In terms of the domestic Intermodal side, the 4% we're proud of, but we think there's upside. We think there's still a large, over-the-road truck market out there for us to convert. We think we have the right products. We have the right strategies. We're investing in our franchise. We've talked publicly about our new facility outside of El Paso, Texas, that will be coming online next year. We think that, that will help us penetrate significantly the maquiladora market there around El Paso and also allow us to put some new products and services in place. So we are excited about the upside for continued domestic over-the-road conversions.
Eric L. Butler: Justin, I'm not quite sure quite what you're asking. We've talked historically in the past that at any one given time, about 70% of our contracts or our prices are kind of locked in for the next year. As we go into the future, there's a natural evolution of pace, of things that come up as you go through different markets. And we're, as Rob said and I think as Jack said, we continue to be excited about the value of our franchise and the value proposition that we sell and the ability to get price as we go forward on...
Eric L. Butler: So as you know, with the drought and high U.S. corn prices, U.S. grain on the world markets really took a hit, just because we're a high price relative to what the other prices were in other growing markets around the world. It looks as if -- and as you know, the USDA website has been down for the last several weeks. But the last public report looks as if this will be a near record year for corn production. And so I think that will make U.S. exports, corn, on the bean side and even wheat exports more competitive on world markets. I think you should see some growth in export opportunities vis-à-vis this year as you go into next year.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. Any impact right now has been negligible. Certainly, the truckers probably are seeing some impact on their expense lines. But in terms of conversion rates to intermodal, it's been negligible so far. We do expect, over the long term, that it will drive more business to intermodal, to the rails. And as I mentioned before, we still are pretty excited about the upside opportunity in terms of over-the-road conversions.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So we talked in the past about the reason for St. James being such a premier rail destination, and it's really the connectivity, the pipeline connectivity, the connectivity to multiple refiners, the ability to do blending there. And so it has become, really, a premier destination for crude, light sweet crude, going to the Gulf. And we think that, that resiliency will remain. As you know, the oil will move to where the market dictates, based on spreads. But we think that the factors we've historically talked about with St. James makes it a premier destination, and we will see that resiliency remain for the future.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So as you know, we don't really get into customer-specific negotiations or discussions other than what we said before. We had about $100 million of legacy renewal. We retained about half of those and the half we didn't retain was not at re-investable levels, so.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. Our calculation of legacy does not include plants that are shut down. There are lots of shutdowns going on in the East in terms of mine shutdowns. But in terms of our serving territory, there's not any measurable mine shutdowns that are occurring in our service territories, at least not this year and not for the foreseeable future.
Eric L. Butler: That's a good question. First, utilities that are looking to convert, they can decide to convert to Illinois Basin or Colorado/Utah coal. And there's a different sweet spot depending on the mechanical burn capability and the scrubber capability of the utilities and they have an economic profile that may drive them one place or the other. We intend to participate in both markets. We have service products in both markets. We still see Colorado/Utah coal having a strong place in the marketplace, particularly the export market. And I think, going forward, the export market opportunities for Colorado/Utah are probably larger than even the Illinois Basin export coal opportunities.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. As you know, some of the BCOs are looking at landing product on the West Coast and transloading it into a domestic intermodal container as opposed to using the steamship container to move the product all the way inland. That is a trend that appears to have ramped up in the last year or so. And there are some benefits for some customers to do that. There are some benefits for some customers to keep the steamship carrier, what we call the IPI option, to move all the way inland. Our view of the world is we're going to participate in both markets, and we're going to provide effective products and services no matter how the shipper decides to ship the product.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I'm not -- I think it's just chatter. We do not have a lack of access issue on our network. I think it's just chatter.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So our investment in that facility is going to do a couple of things for us. One, as you know, the El Paso, Juarez area has huge maquiladora opportunities. I think there's something like 250 customers that have manufacturing facilities in that region. And today, a large portion of that is moving by truck over the road. We are capacity constrained in our current El Paso Intermodal facility to take advantage of that. And so with the opening of this new facility, we'll immediately be able to double our capacity, but we're not limited by that. We'll have the footprint to go beyond that as we have market opportunities.
Eric L. Butler: So you're referring to kind of the large, announced facilities by Nissan and Volkswagen, those opening dates are beyond next year. We, along with the Mexican railroads, both the FXE and the KCS, we're working to develop service products and offerings so that we can get our fair share of participation in those. But those facility operation -- I mean, opening dates are beyond 2014.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. We've talked before that it's lane-dependent, lane-specific. But a 15% number is probably a reasonable number, 15% to 20% in terms of the all-in cost of intermodal versus an equivalent over-the-road long-haul truck. But again, that's lane-dependent, lane-specific.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So a couple of factors. One, the question was asked before about the hours in service, so that is going to continue to have a cost impact on truckers. So their prices are going to increase. So we'll continue to grow our pricing even without narrowing the gap. I do think that there are places where we can narrow that gap and still convert. And fundamentally, we've done some work and analysis that basically says there's still a pretty large untapped market of people who just haven't tried intermodal and haven't used it, and so it's an ideal market sales opportunity for us to penetrate. So there's lots of upside opportunities, and we could get it. Even by narrowing the gap, we can still grow.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So again, hours of service just went into effect on July 1. So that's why when I answered earlier about negligible impacts, it really is just recent. If you look at what we've said before, we are putting in place lots of products, new offerings. There's an opportunity to sell what -- what we've seen is large shippers really have a great understanding of the intermodal value proposition, and they're heavy users of the intermodal value proposition. There's some market segmentation opportunities for the other guys other than the Walmarts or Targets of the world. And that's why I think we continue to be very optimistic about the ability to penetrate intermodal, get growth and get price.
Eric L. Butler: So we have talked publicly before, and we still think it holds that, today, about 1/3 of the business or about 30% of the business goes all water to the East Coast versus West Coast destinations. We think that, that might grow by 1% or 2% to 31%, 32%, but it won't be beyond that.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, Jack. So we do talk about how our franchise is a wonderful thing, and it showed through in how we reacted to what happened in Denver. We had alternative routes that we could use and, to Jack's point, support our customers while they were going through some of the same issues. So I think that's a great manifestation of the franchise strength, basically.
Lance M. Fritz: I won't speak to whether it's better than our competitor. We focus on providing our customers outstanding service, so they fall in love with Union Pacific and think of us first.
Lance M. Fritz: So, Cherilyn, it reflects our capital programs, which are pretty sophisticated in trying to figure out where to spend the money and what to spend it on. So you see us investing $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion directly into track infrastructure renewal for about the last, call it, 6 or 7 years, and that slow order mile decrease is a direct reflection of that appropriate investment. And when you think about the impact it has, it has an impact on every aspect of customer service. Because those slow order miles are throughout the network, and they basically have the network, when they're present, operating at a level that's below design. And any improvement we make in slow orders, generally speaking, has a direct and immediate impact on the reliability of our service and the absolute magnitude of the service we can provide.
