Robert M. Knight: Good morning, everybody. This is Rob Knight, and welcome to the Union Pacific Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Unfortunately, Jack Koraleski is ill with the flu today and will not be joining us. But here with me in Omaha are Eric Butler, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Lance Fritz, Executive Vice President of Operations. This morning, we're pleased to announce that Union Pacific set a new fourth quarter earnings record of $2.19 per share, an increase of 10% compared to 2011. This record also tied our best-ever earnings performance set in the third quarter of 2012. Our diverse portfolio of business, solid core pricing gains and efficient network operations drove these results despite significantly weaker coal and grain markets. Although it was a challenging year on many fronts, 2012 was Union Pacific's most profitable year in our 150-year history. It's a testament to the strength and diversity of our franchise, with the dedication and commitment of our employees and our unrelenting focus on creating value for our customers. The results are reflected in record achievements that we've made this quarter in both employee safety and customer satisfaction. Putting it all together, it translates into an increased financial returns for our shareholders. So with that, I'll turn it over to Eric Butler.
Robert M. Knight: Tom, if I could just add a couple of more points to Eric's comments on the drivers of coal. Remember, we said in October at our conference, there was about a 10 million-ton contract loss, so that's factored, obviously, into our 2013. And the other variable, I'd remind everyone, that can impact our coal volumes up or down is weather. That's always the case. The biggest driver is when we have a deep cold winter season and more importantly, how early, how long and how deep will the summer season be, and that can always influence our volumes.
Robert M. Knight: Justin, as I said before, we compete against both our direct rail competitors. We compete certainly against alternative sources of fuel. The 20% that I'm referring to went to a competitor. And as I said, we are -- we compete [ph] all the time, we're comfortable with the 80% we retained. And our strategy is we want to move our business at reinvestable levels.
Robert M. Knight: Ken, let me just say I wouldn't get too hung up on the timing of when those discussions took place or when the decision was made. And of course, we don't have visibility absolutely to when they made the ultimate decision. We know when we were informed. But I would also just say the piece of business we're talking about in October and November we called it out, it was about 10 million tons of coal, it fits nicely with our competitor, and that's all we're probably getting into on that.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, let me -- this is Rob. Remember, we gave guidance of hitting a sub-65% operating ratio target by 2017. We've previously given a 65% to 67% by 2015. And if we can't keep backing it up, we had previously given a lower -- the low 70s, and we previously gave 75%. But we've always said, we're going to get there as efficiently, safely as we can. We're not using that as a hard stop. We're going to get there as early as we possibly can, assuming markets cooperate. But we're going to focus on safety, service, productivity, and with that service comes our confidence that we're going to be able to get core real pricing gains. We define that as inflation plus. Those are still the same principles that are driving us forward. To your point, does the tail sort of get a little slower as you get into the 60s, where we are today, as you head to that 65%? Sure. The slope of the line, coming from 87% to 67%, is a pretty dramatic slope. Going from 67% to that sub-65% target is a little bit different slope, but our focus and our commitment and our confidence of making progress hasn't changed at all. So we're going to continue to drive the same principles that got us to where we are as we move forward.
Robert M. Knight: We don't give specific guidance on the pricing numbers other than to say that it's going to be inflation plus or real pricing gains. The other thing that I would remind you is as we look backwards, we're not giving guidance going forward on this. As we look backwards, remember that we've obtained from legacy renewals 1.5% to 2% from legacy in our core pricing gains. So depending on the timing and how much legacy you have in any particular period will influence certainly how much pricing you get. But even ex-legacy, that can be lumpy from the time that contracts come up for renewal in the legacy front. But non-legacy, we're confident that we'll get that inflation plus overall pricing number, and that's the guidance that we're giving as we look forward.
Robert M. Knight: That and weather and the economy or more electricity demand, all those are factors that would be a positive for us.
Robert M. Knight: Chris, I would just add that we're certainly in unchartered territory here just that we were on the downside, that at what point exactly will utilities switch back and what gas price, and one of the factors to consider, which we don't have visibility on, is how long has the utility contracted for the gas. That's a variable also that -- we'll see how that plays out.
Robert M. Knight: Jason, you're absolutely right. I mean, one of the lessons learned that you know well and we've communicated and we're still driven by is we're not in this for market share. And I think where we walked our talk, as much as anything, is we turned in this record financial results without the benefit of positive volume for the year. If you go back to when we started this whole turnaround effort, if you will, and the returns and focus on the right fundamentals of the business, we were running higher levels of volume in the high 80s operating ratio. So we learned that lesson, and we understand that it's not a market share game. We're certainly aware of what's happening in the market, but we're focused on competing, providing good service, pricing it right and generating returns.
Robert M. Knight: Matt, let me make a couple of comments, and I'll turn it back over to Eric. I think all the academic -- the positives, as you repeated, we would agree with all those. The other thing that, if you recall, that we gave some guidance on October, was our export opportunity, albeit relatively small compared to the eastern routes but still a nice growth opportunity for us. Eric, if you want to...
Robert M. Knight: Chris, that's something that we'll continue to communicate our message as broadly as we can in terms of -- we have to earn adequate returns. We have to grow our returns to be able to make the kinds of capital investments that we are making and that we hope to make going forward as long as the returns are there. I think what it does introduce is more discussion on, which I know you're well aware of and others as well, the whole replacement costs way of looking at your returns. I mean, if you factor that in rather than a 14%, hard numbers would look more like call it a 7-ish. So that's a message that we'll continue to communicate and continue to work on, but we have to earn adequate returns in order to make these kinds of capital investments.
Robert M. Knight: Chris, I would just add to that, that arguably, the right way to look at it, the benefit that we're talking about that we're in fact achieving here, is not spelled out in the ARC analysis but it's more in our returns. And I would say that the new business growth that we're seeing, while it's not changing significantly the chemical line arc, it is a very positive contributor to our overall margin expansion that we're experiencing.
Robert M. Knight: I would just add that because of the strength of our network, we're in the position to leverage both opportunities because of our strength of both the ports and our unique strengths in and out of Mexico being the only railroad that serve [indiscernible] the border crossing point.
Robert M. Knight: And of course, we have Positive Train Control in our current numbers, and we have that still in front of us. But Lance is right, we will -- the rest is flexible, if you will, and that's based on returns.
Robert M. Knight: And to add to that, to your point, the shale opportunities and all the related moves, we're very optimistic that our network is really well positioned to continue to serve those growing markets. So when you add it all up, I mean, the energy story for us, we think, is a very positive story.
Robert M. Knight: No, it's not. I would expect that that's going to increase. Remember the tax refund I mentioned in my comments certainly was a factor in that. There was also a greater percentage, if you will, of growth in our capital spending program as it relates to labor. So I would expect that, as we move into the first quarter, to be more normalized, if you will, at a call it 3% range.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, I mean, sort of a 3% growth assumption in there, that's probably not an unreasonable with inflation.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, just to remind everyone, what we said on the volume guidance is we said assuming the economy cooperates, and let's define that as an industrial production number of around 2%, we would expect when you add it all up that our overall volumes in the face of slight decline in coal, is what we call that also, we expect our volumes to be on the positive side of the ledger, overcoming, if you will, that slight falloff in Coal. Ag, we said we got challenges in the first half of the year. We expect that things will hopefully improve in the back half of the year, but we didn't give any further clarity beyond that.
Robert M. Knight: Okay, great. Again, we're very proud of what we've accomplished here and look forward to continuing to meet the challenges in 2013. And thanks for joining us on the call, and we look forward to speaking with you again in April.
Eric L. Butler: Thanks, Tom. As you say, there are a lot of uncertainty in terms of the coal outlook and environment, certainly, on the downside, regulatory environmental changes in Washington that could have continued negative impact on the Coal business and the coal market share. Certainly, the natural gas, the price of natural gas can also have impacts on the downside and the upside. Right now, we're expecting natural gas prices to remain in the $3.54 range for the year and -- but on the upside, as natural gas price goes up, that will drive more business to coal. If you look at the coal market share, full year market share for 2012, we're not expecting substantially higher coal market share vis-à-vis natural gas for 2013, maybe 1 point or 2 higher but basically flat in terms of overall market share, but there would be upside and downside to that. In terms of the announced bankruptcies that are out there, we are working closely with our customers, we work with them as they're working through those difficult times. We also are doing what we need to do to ensure that we are protecting our corporate interest. As we're going through the process, as you know, the way the bankruptcies work, customers have the right to look at contracts. And we're working with them as they're going through that process, and we'll continue to work with them.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I'll add to that, Bill. Price negotiations, as Rob said, I mean, they're always difficult. We always compete in the marketplace. We expect to win some, we expect to lose some, but our strategy remains the same. We're going to be reinvestable. We have had that strategy for many years now, and we remain dedicated to that strategy and focused on it. I mentioned that for 2012, we had about $350 million in legacy. We retained about 80% of that, and we feel pretty good about that retention rate.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, our -- as we mentioned all throughout last year, our shale-related business grew tremendously. I think we've mentioned possibly about 80% [ph] last year. Just because of the size of the base, we certainly are not going to see that same growth rate in 2013. We are expecting to see solid growth. As I mentioned in my comments, the crude oil side of our business will be one of the strongest part of our business, so we're still excited about that. In terms of your pipeline comment, there are -- there is additional pipeline capacity coming on. We did mention at our Dallas discussion, when we were there, that the number, as the capacity of pipeline is coming on, I think probably are barely keeping up with the production increases. So production increases are growing rapidly, that even the pipeline capacity increases, so we still see a place for rail type or crude-by-rail in the market for the foreseeable future.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, the contract, Ken, that we're referring to was a legacy contract. I mean, we've talked about our legacy contracts for many years. It was one of our legacy contracts. And as we've been saying for years, our strategy is to ensure that we price at market rates and that we attain reinvestable rates.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, Scott, we attempted to say back in Dallas, we attempted to separate the market drivers from the plant closures. Today, there is surplus plant capacity versus the demand. So plant closures aren't necessarily going to impact the volume of tons. It's really the demand for electricity generated by coal. So if you look at it on that metric, coal historically has had about a 50% market share; was probably in the high 40s, 18 months ago; for 2012, it's probably call it 37%, 39% market share. Coal electrical generation, we think that's about where it's going to be at a $3.50, $4 natural gas price. As natural gas prices go up, that percent of market share will grow, and the potential for coal volumes will grow. Additionally, if you look at the mix of where the coal is being produced, certainly, Southern Powder River Basin coal is a cheaper coal to produce than Central Appalachian coal. So we think you will continue to see a migration of market share from Central Appalachian coal to Powder River Basin coal for the amount of coal that's moving.
Eric L. Butler: As we were saying, if gas prices stay at $3.50, $4 or above, we think that the coal market share and therefore, our potential to participate in that coal market share vis-a-vis natural gas will be positive going forward.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I don't think you're reading it right. If you think about our domestic Intermodal strategy, our strategy has been consistent and firm, and we're going forward with the same strategy in the future that we've had in the past. Domestic Intermodal has huge opportunities in terms of conversion, over-the-road conversion, and each year for the last 3 years, we've had excessively high domestic Intermodal volumes driven by over-the-road conversions. We still think that there's a large market out there. We estimate there's probably $7 million to $10 million of over-the-road truckloads that can be penetrated by the Intermodal market. And so we --- our strategy is to go after those over-the-road truckloads. We're going to continue to go after that. We're going to continue to do it as pricing through the market and strong reinvestability in that business.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I would say it's both. We certainly -- there's a lot of economic uncertainty. And as Rob said and others have said, there's a lot of things that are happening in Washington that could take us in a lot of different directions. But we're certainly hopeful there will be a stronger economy in the second half of the year. And of course, as housing strengthens, as the global insight projections are suggesting that it will continue to strengthen, the things that you build housings with, so whether it's furniture and other internal items, will ride our Intermodal outlook for the second half of the year.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, and the only thing I would add to what Rob would say is as the coal business comes back for that -- for those repriced legacy contracts, we will not consider that price going forward. But to your point, Chris, it will be in our margins going forward.
Eric L. Butler: We -- our best assessment is the market kind of currently is at $3.50, $4. And as the price of natural gas goes higher, coal becomes much more competitive. As it goes lower than that, natural gas becomes much more competitive.
Eric L. Butler: You're right, Jason, there's an immense amount of auto construction new capacity coming on in Mexico. Vast majority of that is coming on for export to the U.S. or actually export to Europe and Asia. And some of the manufacturers are adding capacity in Mexico and just not enough export back to Europe and Asia, but the large portion of that is going to be dedicated to North America, particularly the U.S. We have the best franchise crew from Mexico. We have the best autos franchise. We have, as we've said, publicly about 75% market share in the autos market. A large portion of our autos business is to and from Mexico. We work with both the KCSM and the FXE equally. And so our perspective is no matter where the auto plants are located in Mexico, whether they're still served by the KCS, served by the FXE or dual-served by both of them, we want to work effectively with the partners and provide an effective service and take it to destinations in the U.S. And we have the best franchise, and we're going to continue to build on that franchise.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, our coal mix of length of haul really did not essentially change in 2012. The ARC affect, as we've been talking about, are focused on legacy pricing and repricing on legacy contracts. If you look at our Ag side, we did have a length of haul with the drought and the very small corn crops. Our length of haul in taking corn to destinations was significantly shortened. Our California feeders used a lot of local feed as opposed to long-haul corn, which is relatively high priced. So our length of haul was impacted and our Ag business significantly primarily due to the corn drought factor.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I would just add to what Rob said and kind of repeat what we've said before, if you look at the coal overall market share, natural gas prices being in the range that they're in, the market share will probably remain high 30s, perhaps low 40s, vis-à-vis natural gas. We do continue to see a shift from Central Appalachian coal, which probably needs to be at $5.50 natural gas prices versus the Powder River Basin coal -- sort of $5, $5.50 versus Powder River Basin coal at $3.50, $4. So we will, do expect to see a natural shift in the share from Central App to Western coal.
Eric L. Butler: If you look at our Chemicals business overall and kind of look at it historically, our revenue per car in our Chemicals business has been some of the best over all of our businesses. As we talked in previous earnings releases, our crude oil business, the majority, if not all of that, is underlying business [indiscernible] moving from our interchanges with our CP [ph] partners and BN Santa Fe, where we interchange also substantial business with them in terms of the crude oil market. If the crude oil business -- because our Chemicals business has such a good revenue per car, the crude oil business is not substantially different than what our -- the remainder of our base Chemicals business is. And so we don't necessarily see a big driver of that in the future.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, John, our view hasn't changed from what we've said before. Today, there's about 30% of the business that is all-water route to the Panama Canal. And the rough dividing line is roughly the Appalachians, to go east of the Appalachian, typically go all-water. West of the Appalachian, you [ph] can have a land bridge, a rail product. This is kind of the rough rule of thumb. We think that might change by 1% or 2%, so you might go from 30% to 31%, 32%. But as we've pointed out before, the Panama Canal also has to get a return for the significant amount of investments that they're making. The other thing that we pointed out publicly before is that if you look at the supertankers, the Panama tankers, they really have a route to the East Coast now, particularly as the production goes further and further into Southeast Asia. And so to the extent that the business that makes sense to go into those big tankers and go to the East Coast, they can do that now, not going through the Panama Canal but going the opposite direction. And we do see some of those flows going in now, which is why we're not sure we're going to see much beyond 1% or 2% change as you go forward. And last point I would make is we still think that international trade and economic growth is going to grow the pie. So we still see upside volume growth on the long term as the pie grows.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, we don't typically give our explicit kind of container fleet count publicly. We're excited about our MCP programs, and we do have a large container ownership. We, with our partners, have the strongest container ownership position in the industry, and so we think that that's a competitive advantage for us long term. And the way we're using that with our MCP program, we think, is the right strategic direction we've been, pleased with the success, and we're going to build on it.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, that's a good question. As you know, the last couple of years, the total industry fleet count grew significantly and substantially. We added to our fleet, IMCs added to their fleet, and so there were large fleet additions over the last several years. I do not expect to see significant, if any, fleet additions from an industry perspective. This year certainly, each company will make their own decision, but I think if you look at it, the industry probably has enough capacity to absorb at least growth in the next year or 2, but we'll see what happens from a capacity standpoint.
Eric L. Butler: That's a good question. If you look at tracking capacity, it's narrowing. If you look at the driver shortages, they are increasing shortages. There's some evidence that as the construction industry is coming back, it's more difficult for the trucking industry to get qualified drivers. And mid-year, the new hours-of-service law will come in place, which will also be an impact on the available drivers. So we think that the trends remain strong, that Intermodal will increase its value proposition vis-à-vis over-the-road truck as we go throughout this year and future years.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, that's a great question. I'm not sure I would phrase it as a preference. What I would say is that there is a very strong trend with Mexico having a very quality-effective, low-cost workforce and not having the supply chain issues and potential other issues that you may see in some of the Asian countries. You are seeing the trends, and you're also seeing a trend of near-sourcing actually even from Europe due to lower energy prices in the U.S. driven by the shale plays. I think over the next several years, we're going to see -- and we're actually starting to see it now in terms of inquiries from companies for rail sidings, so to speak, so the actual opportunity is still several years in the future. But we're seeing a growing trend in near-sourcing to North America, both in Mexico and the U.S., that we think will be upside for the rail industry.
Eric L. Butler: And the other thing is that as we have these manufacturing opportunities come, they typically bring good jobs, which helps unemployment, which again helps -- as the driver for the economy, which helps our transportation outlook.
Eric L. Butler: So when you talk about coal, again, I don't think we are projecting, I don't think the market is projecting, that coal is going to return to the levels that it needs to be at. I think what we're saying is that given a natural gas range, again, $3.50 to $4, coal will probably stay in that round number, 40% share in the market. So I'm not sure we are projecting that to be significantly [indiscernible] return back to its historical levels, unless we have an assumption about natural gas prices being significantly higher.
Eric L. Butler: So our frac sand and pipe business predominantly is going from kind of Minnesota, Wisconsin, down to South Texas and West Texas, so it's going inbound that way. And our crude oil business is coming from the Bakken going to the South. It's probably a 55-45, 60-40 kind of a split.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, the crude opportunity, as I said in our earlier comments, is one of our strongest growth opportunities. That will grow faster than the inbound opportunity in 2013.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, sure. So our pre-recession levels were, relatively speaking, historic peaks. So the South right now is at historic peaks, and we're seeing a lot of that volume show up in carload traffic in terminals.
Lance M. Fritz: It's part a function of crude-by-rail. It's also part a function of Texas booming from the standpoint of oil production, the shale plays and all of the related activity with that. It's also reflective of the auto strength to and from Mexico.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, sure. So across the system, we have opportunity on train size. We continue to demonstrate that quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. When you look at the South, everywhere that we see significant volume growth and have seen significant volume growth, we've got capital being invested that helps us continue to grow size. So if you look at the route between El Paso, Dallas, Shrieveport, we call that the Texas Pacific route, or TP route, we've had some substantial investment going there for siding extensions in new sidings. That helps us grow train size. We're doing the same kind of investments on the north/south route that supports crude oil, as well as Ag to the Gulf. Once that kicks back up, as well as the chemical industry franchise. And then we've been making incremental investments around the state of Texas end points north, that help us on our Intermodal and Autos business to and from Mexico. So virtually everything that's shipping to and from Texas has an opportunity for train size in the next [indiscernible].
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, you got that just right, Rob. And like in every year, Don, we know going into the year what our on-ramps and off-ramps are, depending on what the economy does. So as we stand right now, we've got a good, robust plan that will be able to match capital spend with what is happening in the economy or what our needs are.
Lance M. Fritz: I think that's a pretty fair statement, absent the -- what Rob reminded you of, and that is over 1/2 is keep the store open in capital spending.
