Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Jim Vena, our new Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales, Tom Lischer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting record 2018 fourth quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.12 per share. This represents an increase of 29% in net income and 39% in earnings per share when compared to adjusted results for 2017. Total volume increased 3% in the quarter compared to last year. Industrial and premium carloadings grew 6% and 9%, respectively, while Agricultural products declined 2% and Energy volumes were down 9%. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 61.6%, which improved 1.1 percentage points compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Strong topline growth and improved operating performance drove the year-over-year improvement during the quarter. We launched the Unified Plan 2020 on October 1 of last year to help drive improved safety, service and operations. And I'm pleased to report that we're ahead of our initial schedule and seeing meaningful gains in on-time performance, productivity and financial results. The network design changes we implemented over the past few months have already had a measurable impact. We've eliminated the excess network cost that we previously discussed. Cost savings are being realized by parking excess freight cars and locomotives, by cycling cars faster in our network and by reducing the size of our workforce. We're seeing steady improvement in the key performance indicators we use to gauge progress. As a result, we announced late last year that we're accelerating implementation of Unified Plan 2020, which we now expect to be complete by the middle of the year. Shortly, you'll hear from the team on our fourth quarter results and the status of the Unified Plan 2020 initiative. But first, I'd like to introduce Jim Vena, an old friend, who we just appointed Chief Operating Officer effective last week. Jim's leadership abilities and accomplishments over a 40-year career at Canadian National Railway are well known in the rail industry. Jim will have full authority over all aspects of Union Pacific's operations to implement Precision Scheduled Railroading principles as he leads the next stages of our Unified Plan 2020. We're fortunate to have him as the newest member of our leadership team. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a few remarks.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered record fourth quarter financial results, driven by strong volumes, solid topline revenue growth and improved operating performance. Looking ahead to 2019, we're going to build on the momentum achieved during the past quarter as we continue implementation of Unified Plan 2020 under the guidance of a leader with extensive Precision Scheduled Railroad experience. We'll continue to pursue other "G55 + 0" initiatives as well as we make further gains in safety, service and efficiency. We're optimistic that the economy, the strength of our diverse rail network and improved service performance will drive positive volume growth this year and provide further price improvement opportunity. We remain focused on increasing shareholder returns by making appropriate capital investments and returning excess cash to shareholders through growing dividends and share repurchases. I am confident that we have the right organization in place, with an appropriate mix of UP veterans and new thought leaders, to achieve our goals for the year. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yes. I want to circle back, Chris, on overall volumes. So if you look around the globe, you can certainly find spots that cause you concern, right? Europe's slowing down. You can even read some reports that maybe it's ebbing into negative growth territory. Clearly, we've got trade potential impacts with China, both real now and future potential. So those are clear overhangs that we're keeping an eye on. Having said that, we have touched base with our customers and continue to do so. And as we look at the economic indicators in the United States, we still see support for what we consider low single-digit volume growth. And we're poised to be agile if that doesn't happen, but it feels like the U.S. continues to plug along. And so we're prepared for that.
Lance Fritz: Yes. You've seen the numbers, whether it's year-over-year or what we talked about middle of the year to now, locomotives, year-over-year, that number is down 1,200. A number like that from peak to now is down about a couple of thousand. I mean, we are entering the year on pretty good front-forward posture.
Lance Fritz: Yes. And Kenny, those conversations haven't been easy, right? So customers aren't just immediately embracing the conversations you're earning with them. But your team is doing a tremendous job helping them understand how they can change their operating processes so that they receive better service net-net overall.
Lance Fritz: Amen, Jim. Ken, I think you shouldn't read too much into - and I've said this over and over. When I talk precision scheduled railroad principles, it's Precision Scheduled Railroading. It's all the things that build it done the UP way, which just means at right speed, engaged with customers, and you're seeing how we implement it in full. So it's not like a piece here, a piece there, and I think we've been crystal clear about that as well.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Tom, this is Lance. So I'll start in outlining for everybody on the call our process of adjusting our transportation plan, which Tom mentioned in his comments, and then give it over to Jim and Tom to add detail. So recall, Tom was talking about the Mid-American quarter, 160 T-Plan changes. In the Phase 2, 200. And we're just launching on Phase 3. So that is - those changes are exactly what you're talking about, Tom. That's about balancing the network. It's about blending. It's about taking what used to maybe be a unit train, but it wasn't efficient as a unit train and turning it into manifest and blending those networks. And then also looking for opportunities to knock off train starts, which ultimately ends up being a productivity tool for crew utilization. So all that - Phase 1 is under way. The process has been for us to bring in from the field the individuals who have to execute the work. We hold them accountable for designing a T-Plan that is highly reliable and efficient, and then they work with our network planning team to make it real. So that's how Phase 1 happened, the Phase 2 happened, it's how Phase 3 is going to happen this coming week. And a little more technicolor, Jim or Tom.
Lance Fritz: Yes, and you see it across the board, Tom. So we're finding opportunity to take manifest train starts down because we're finding opportunity where we have 4 starts between terminals and we really only need 2. And then we're also finding opportunity where we used to run a bulk train once every 2 weeks, and we're just sucking those cars into the manifest network. So we're not going to have that bulk train start and growing train size and the manifest network. We're seeing all of that, and there's lots and lots of opportunity to continue.
Lance Fritz: Ravi, let's be really crystal clear. Phase 1 of implementing this whole thing, when we're doing that in 3 phases, that will be done by mid-summer. This is an evergreen, right? So it's not like one and done, and then we live with that T-Plan and it's set in stone. This is a relentless pursuit of efficiency and enhanced reliability on our service product to customers. And we're never done. So my expectation with Jim is that you're going to be after it with the team with Tom and Lynden and Kenny forever. For -- it's an evergreen process, Ravi.
Lance Fritz: And I want to add a little bit to that, Matt. So saying that we're deliberately trying to move mix with price is -- that's probably not precisely accurate. Saying sometimes that happens because when Kenny's team is pushing and trying to get as much as they can for the value that we're delivering, sometimes they break business. And when that happens, it can affect mix. And that - I don't doubt that has happened historically, and I don't doubt it's going to continue to happen.
Lance Fritz: Absolutely. And I want to come back to maybe one of the fundamental differences, maybe not, of how we're going about it. And that is Kenny has talked over and over about being in front of the customer, making sure they know what we're up to. That doesn't mean that the conversation goes smoothly and comfortably, but it means that they know. And the endgame is we want them to understand what we're doing, what it takes to fit well in this newly designed network, what those behaviors look like so that the service to them is highly efficient, highly reliable and consistent, which is the endgame. That's what they want. And so maybe that's a stylistic change. It doesn't slow us up, but it does change I think how the customer perceives what's going on.
Lance Fritz: So far, it hasn't, and that's not our objective. Right now, we're making pretty radical changes. And I'm sure you can find some number of customers at UP who could tell you that they're not real happy because we fundamentally changed the service product. Broadly speaking, the networks providing a better service product to most of our customers, and that's our intent.
Lance Fritz: It's because we have a lot of locomotives in storage right now. We just don't need to add to the fleet. I will remind you, we did say that we're going to continue to modernize some of our heavily used units in the fleet, and that's for an eye towards improving reliability. Reliability of the fleet is really critical as we continue to grind efficiency on the resource.
Lance Fritz: Yes. You've seen our organizational change when we added Jim into the team. And what we did was we took a great team and we made it all that much better, which is why you're hearing confidence from us in terms of what we're going to accomplish in 2019 and beyond. And I'll tell you that we have good robust dissent debate, right, about what should we do in this situation. And the endgame is putting a filter on what it'd take to be the safest, best service product which is most reliable and consistent and most efficient railroad in North America. And those are the decisions that we're going to make. So yes, we fight about it. And usually, it's a fight about which is going to get us faster, which is going to get us more, which is the better path, not should we even take this path.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Thank you for the question, Brandon. So the way we think about it is our Unified Plan 2020 is all about consistent, reliable service, better service, which our customers are starting to see and we're going to grow on that. And the most efficient service, generating the best returns because we do think we should be in the lead or with the leaders of the pack in that sense. I anticipate that customer service product, coupled with the work that Lynden's team and IT have been doing with sales and marketing on the experience and targeted technology investments towards an enhanced customer experience, that makes us more attractive than competition in the marketplace, whether it's truck or another railroad. So I do think, over time, we should have growth opportunity that presents itself to us that we don't have right now. But that's yet to be seen. That's the strategy, and we're intent on pulling that off on implementing that.
Lance Fritz: Well, thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in April and going over what our progress is at that point.
Vincenzo Vena: Thank you, Lance, and good morning. First, I'd like to say how pleased I am to return again to the railroad industry. Union Pacific is a great company with a storied history and an impressive track record of financial success. I'm proud to be part of it. While I arrived only last week, it is apparent to me that Union Pacific is committed to changing its operating model in pursuit of running a safe, more reliable and highly efficient network. I've also observed that there are a lot of talented people here working hard to move the company ahead. There has been good progress made in recent months, improving the number of key service metrics, but we have a long way to go. I plan to spend time right away out on the railroad interacting with employees. In fact, I've already visited the field, and I can tell you, there's a lot of opportunity out there. I'm assessing the status of Unified Plan 2020, both in terms of progress made to date and initiatives that are currently underway. I believe that Union Pacific can become the industry leader in safety, operating efficiency, customer service and financial performance. I know the railroad has a vision in place to get to a 55 operating ratio already, and we will be working aggressively towards that goal. But first things first, Lance, let's break 60. I'm excited about the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. And with that, Kenny, I'll turn it over to you.
Vincenzo Vena: Lance, so all I can really add is a question. Is there any real difference in the speed? No. There is no real difference. And we're going to do it as quickly as possible to be able to look at every piece of the company to see how we get it to be as efficient as any other railroad in North America.
Vincenzo Vena: Well, thanks for welcoming me, Justin. But you knew I was not going to answer that question. I've been here for 10 days. It's pretty hard to say how much of the railroad I've seen have been out in the field. I'll tell you this much. There's opportunity out there. There's opportunity in how fast we turn the assets from locomotive cars. There's impacts to engineering. But what I'm really happy to see is the whole team, before I showed up, was working towards an improved service, improved assets, improved speed, all the things that count. So we're going to do, as a team, everything we can to do it as fast as possible without truly affecting service to the point where we're affecting the customers that pay the bill every day.
Vincenzo Vena: Thanks, Rob. So you guys have already got out that we're absolutely the best. Listen, Scott, seriously, there is nothing holding back from what I've seen from before and where I've been on-site from the franchise and what we can do. There are some things that we can do real fast short term. And there's others that we're going to have to target some capital in places to be able to run the trains and the cars as quick as possible, and we'll do that. But I don't see any reason for us to push against the best in the industry. Do I realize that - and I know some of those people in the other railroads. There's no way Keith is going to make it easy. There's no way JJ is going to make it easy. And there's no way Foote's going to make it easy. So we're going to work hard to see what they have -- we can do to be in the same ballpark and play the same game.
Vincenzo Vena: Everything is on the table. So I visited a hump yard last week, and there is no ifs, ands or buts. We have opportunity. So everything. Flat yards, hump yards, there is nothing that's not on the table. And I'd be remiss to say, listen, we're going to shut down x amount of yards with 10 days on the job. But we're going to spend a lot of time to make sure we get the plant set up to handle the business as efficiently as possible with great service. So that's where we're headed.
Vincenzo Vena: Well, Ken, nice to hear your voice again, so thanks for welcoming me back. So I don't think there's anything different, substantially different. The network can be a little bit different. The customer, payers can be a little bit different. But the end result for PSR is pretty simple. You want to have great service. And I'll admit it right upfront, there's always -- and Kenny knows there's going to be some noise on the way there. There's -- and when you are more efficient in how you turn the locomotives, you need less of them. You need less people to service them. And I could go through a long list to tell you. I don't see anything major difference. But I'll let Lance talk about if there's really that much structurally different, and I think that's what it is, structurally we're a little bit different than the railroad I used to work at. But at the end of that, the principles are you run a real efficient railroad to the point where, down the road, we'll be able to attract new business because we're more efficient that we were not able to attract at this point. Make ourselves more competitive at every place where we competing, not only against railroad but against trucks. So it's a real positive. And the quicker we can get to that efficiency, it just helps us drive the bottom line in this company to a new point. So that's what we're doing.
Vincenzo Vena: Well, Allison, thanks for the question. First of all, too early for me to say what impacts and what the efficiency will do to the business that's out there right now. I'd be truly guessing, and I don't like to guess. But if you have everything on the table, you need to deal with the flows of traffic, how well it fits into the plan to be efficient. And other places that have done PSR or scheduled railroad before, there has been some impact. But it's a logical decision to go through. You try to do it as little as possible. But at the end of the day, you got to be smart enough to move ahead and operate the railroad in a very efficient manner. So Allison, sorry, I just can't give you any more than that. I'd be guessing, and that's not what I'm doing.
Vincenzo Vena: Real quick example from what I'd seen already is we want to build the length of the trains up. The technology is in place to operate the trains at a larger size than we are today and we might have to target some places where we can meet larger trains. And that's where we're going to do, and we want to do that fairly quickly. We want to be able to turn on that. And I Rob's on board, Lance is on board, the whole team is on board. It just makes the place more efficient. So that's an example.
Vincenzo Vena: Listen, the only thing I could add and maybe it'll save some of the questions later on. Bottom line is we're going to use less cars to move the same amount of business because we're going to make them run faster. You do that by running them through terminals quicker than we are today, substantially quicker than we are today. You're going to run less locomotives because they're going to get over the road quicker and we'll be able to turn them into terminal. And we're going to be more efficient in how we handle them through the shops and how - even the equipment department, the mechanical people, how they handle the locomotives, how long they're out of service. We're going to go after the engineering people to see how efficient they are with capital to make sure that we're not blowing capital. We don't need to add to capital. We'll use the capital we have to be able to fix the railroad and make sure we've got the most optimal railroad. I can keep on going for a long time. The bottom line, what we want is good service with moving trains with more cars on them in an efficient manner. The locomotives are better. So we're going to touch - we've already touched, and we're going to touch the railroad across the whole company. It's not just one segment. It's exciting, right? There is nothing better to see when this thing comes through. Some of them will be real quick changes that we can make, and we've made changes already. We just dropped -- Tom and I went through, and we dropped a couple hundred more locomotives in the first 10 days. So is there more to come? Yes, there is. But let's be smart about it. So I'm excited. It's fun. And it's not like me going to Tibet or China or something because it's a different -- but this is pretty good in Omaha. I'm enjoying it.
Vincenzo Vena: Well, listen, you pass judgment when you look from outside in. It's a great company, great franchise. So it's got all the -- and great people. It really has, and we're going to put some extra focus on operating efficiency. And I think they -- UP has already started doing that before I showed up, so -- which is nice. And they got a great team from -- sitting around the table here with me. We've got strong people from the finance side, the marketing side. So I think it's a great opportunity, great company and we don't want to be where we are. We want to be close to the best of the best down the road, so that's what we're driving for.
Vincenzo Vena: I was just wondering whether you thought - listen, I'm over here just relaxing. So I really appreciate it, Ravi. Thank you very much.
Vincenzo Vena: Walter, nice hearing from you. To start off, there's things that you can do real quick. And is there going to be some noise? I give it. Kenny is going to have some noise, but we got to be smart about how we do it so the noise does not affect us both from regulatory or customer. So we have that. But you move fairly quick and you see some advantages. The first few points are easier to drive and quicker. It took us, at the old company, a long time to get the last piece. That's a cultural change with people. It's how people think, it's how people do. So all those things take a little bit longer. And there is something that we find -- as you go through the process, you're going to have to spend capital to be able to extend sightings and tweak things to put it in. And so all that's in the mix. And listen, this whole question about whether we're going to succeed, I'll be honest. I could have just stayed doing what I was doing. I've got income back to sit around and enjoy myself and enjoy Omaha and everything that the network has to offer. I'm here to deliver. The team is here to deliver. We're going to have a lot of fun doing it. It's going to be an exciting time, and we're going to deliver it, Walter. I'm not worried about it.
Vincenzo Vena: Okay. So let's think about it. There is going to be some impacts. I keep on saying it, and I'll say it again. From all the questions that we've had, people have said there's going to be impacts, and there's going to be impacts. As soon as you change things, you start charging people the merge for using your car and you make sure you collect the bill so that they give you the car back and they take it on arrival so it doesn't sit in your yard, that's a big change. And we're going to make those changes. We're going to make it quick. The Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Marketing Officer, sorry about that change in title. I apologize. But, okay, they can work hand-in-hand if we have the same goal, which we have the same goal. If there's some tension, at the end of the day, if we all understand where the goal is at the end - and I'll tell you, JJ and I had a great relationship, okay? And there's no reason for Kenny and I not to have the same relationship where we know what the goal is. And we know where there's going to be some impacts and we know there are some tough decisions to make. And I'm absolutely sure that Lance will keep the feet to the fire to make sure that we come to a solution that makes sense. And so that's my two piece.
Vincenzo Vena: Bascome, thanks for the question, and nice to hear your voice again. So when you make a decision to change and come back to work, Lance and I spent a considerable amount of time, and the same thing with Rob and with Tom, to go over and make sure that the vision was aligned with what we need to do to be able to deliver and be able to take this company to where it should be. So at the end of it, I would not have come on board if I wasn't comfortable that everybody -- and it wasn't a push to get them to have the same goals and objectives and understanding what we had to do to get there. So that was the easiest part. So you communicate, talk before. And we both agreed that, listen, it's what the goals and objectives are. I would -- if I was worried about the decision-making with the board and with Lance or anybody else in the company, I would've stayed at home. I would have done something else. I'm not worried about that. And so that was the process that we took, Bascome.
Robert Knight: Jason, yes. I think I'll repeat for everybody else's benefit, how we calculate price. It is an all-in yield number. It's not a same-store sales type of calculation. It's the dollars that we generated across our entire book of business. And so when we say well exceed inflation dollars, we're comparing that dollar, if you will, that we generate across the entire book of business from pricing actions against the dollars that we incurred as a result of inflation. So yes, we did well exceed inflation dollars in the fourth quarter. And we expect to continue to do that again in 2019.
Robert Knight: Right. This is Rob. If I can just add on to your point on the $500 million or at least number of productivity we expect to generate in 2019. Recall, the goal that we put on that particular KPI of a 10%-ish improvement is what we're focused on. And yes, to get $500 million-plus productivity, you can assume - without precise numbers, you can assume that labor productivity across the board is going to be a significant part of that.
Robert Knight: Yes. Chris, I get your question, and I'll probably frustrate you because I won't give as much detail around that, that you're asking. But I do get it. And yes, we are lapping some of those inefficiency costs. And that's why we have the at least $500 million figure out there. So yes, there is some so-called low hanging fruit of some - we won't reincur some of the inefficiency costs that we had primarily earlier in the year. So that's a good guide. But we are where we are. I mean, so we're going to improve $500 million at least off of where we ended the year on a full year basis. And it's going to come across the board. It's largely driven by the efficiencies that we've been talking through the Unified Plan 2020, but it's - every stone is going to be turned over in the organization, not just within operations. So all of that contributes. And yes, we have the headwind of the, call it, 2% inflation in there, but $500 million to the bottom line of productivity is what we're striving to get at least.
Robert Knight: Yes, Justin. I mean, we aren't detailing it quarterly, the way you're asking. But I can just tell you that we're not sitting around waiting for the back half of the year to come. We're going after it. As you heard both Jim and Tom and Kenny talked about earlier, we're going after it now. And we feel like we finished 2018 with pretty good momentum. So without giving details of precisely how much it's going to show up in each quarter, I can tell you that I don't view it that way. I look at it as an opportunity in front us. We're going to go after as much opportunity on the productivity front as we can.
Robert Knight: Yes, Justin, this is Rob. It assumes the economy cooperates. It assumes that we generate and we see positive volume, although we won't use volume as -- lack of volume as an excuse. But our assumption is positive volume on the low single-digit side. It assumes pricing dollars generated above inflation dollars. And it assumes at least $500 million of productivity. So all of that has to be -- we're counting on all of that. We're going after every one of those aspects.
Robert Knight: Yes. The insurance recovery that I called out was in the neighborhood of $15 million, call it, $0.01 EPS. And the severance was 20 - roughly $25 million.
Robert Knight: And Allison, I would just - this is Rob. I would just add, of course, all of that will be embedded in the guidance that we gave of less than 15% of revenue as we look. So we'll work -- we might move capital dollar from this project to that project. That kind of decision will -- may be made, but within the overall structure that we've guided.
Robert Knight: Yes, no, I get your question. And I'm not going to give you a precise number today. Having followed us a long time, we don't use, as I said earlier, the lack of volume as an excuse to not achieve our productivity. But volume is our friend. So I can't split the hairs the way quite the way you're asking it, but our outlook right now is the economy is cooperating. And our outlook is that volume will be on the positive side of the ledger, in the low single digits, and we're not going to stop at $500 million. We're going to get at least that, and we're going to be as aggressive, as you've heard us talk all morning here, and looking for opportunities that we are pretty confident we know are out there and additional ones that no doubt will come as Jim and the team get further engaged. So we're going to go after -- and by the way, we're not just going to stop at -- we're going to get as far below the 61% as we can. So when we say sub-61%, we're going to do as good a job as we can pulling all the levers.
Robert Knight: Yes, Amit, this is Rob. And one of the things you've heard me say for several years now, we are very proud about the process that we have as an organization around our disciplined capital spending. So we have a joint effort that heavily involves, of course, operations, marketing and finance to really grind and make sure we're making the right decisions with an eye on long-term reserve - returns when we make capital investments. So we're not starting a railroad. We want to make capital investments. I'm -- as a CFO, I'm the happiest guy in the room to make a capital investment because I know we only do that when the returns justify it. So when you look at it, our discipline process around our capital, I would say that the process has not changed. What may well change, as Jim alluded to earlier, is specific projects here or there, where he sees and the team sees the opportunity to generate strong returns going forward. Those dollars may be redirected to different projects, but the process at a macro level is unchanged.
Robert Knight: It's all of the above. I mean, PSR principles and the UP 2020 clearly will be, I think, a major piece of it. But remember, we've got our "G55 + 0" initiatives, which the difference between that and the Unified Plan 2020, really, in my mind is the "G55 + 0" initiatives is implied to mean everyone in the organization, whereas Unified Plan 2020 is really heavily operational. But everyone in the company is focused on driving productivity in everything we do. And I would say as we look to the sub-61% to the sub-60%, to your question, it's going to be driving all of the things we've been talking about today. The productivity, the efficiencies that will be evergreen and continue. It will be our relentless pressure and focus on getting as much price in the market as we possibly can. And at this stage of the game, we see positive volume being a contributor as well. So it's going to be all those levers.
Robert Knight: Yes. I mean we expect to make progress. And we will -- it will all be predicated on how our earnings growth project and how we actually deliver in actuality. And right now, as you can tell from our tone, we're feeling pretty good about that. So I would anticipate that we'll continue to move up the scale, if you will, on the guidance that we've given and continue to make progress on the - completing the buyback, working up towards that 2.7 times that we talked about. We made good progress in 2018. We expect to continue to make good progress in '19 and '20.
Robert Knight: Yes. But of course, we always take a look at what's happening in our business. And if you had a recession or something like that, which we're not projecting, I mean, we obviously take that into consideration.
Robert Knight: Yes, this is Rob. As we said in our opening comments, we pretty much got -- saw positive pricing, except for the areas that Kenny just mentioned, where we continue to face some competitive pressures. We pretty much got good price across the board. So there was no single driver or marquee story line there. It was just steady hard work and good service and it came in at the 2.5.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. So Brian, thanks for the question. I say this humbly, but we've done a really good job of being proactive and communicating and being engaged with the STB. I can tell you that engagement has been very consistent. Lance sent out a letter that will be public on the accessorials. He said that, Monday, we'll be sending out something later this week here in the near term, really just updating the STB on where we are on the accessorials and how Unified Plan 2020 is going.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. So I'll take that. Thanks for that question. First of all, we have a very positive outlook on our Intermodal franchise, both as we parse out the Intermodal and the domestic side. We're still in the early innings on what all we want to do with the network. Jim, Tom and myself would be working out the team as we look for more productivity and make sure that we have the most reliable, consistent service product out there.
Kenyatta Rocker: Sure. Thanks for that question, Ken. So first of all, what we've done is we've been very proactive with our customers and we've been very granular with them on the changes that we want to make. So specifically, we tell them exactly what will happen. We talk to them about when and then we talk to them about what they can expect, and so we've done that at every turn. We've also sat down with our customers and talked to them about how to have the most efficient supply chain in terms of what we're trying to accomplish from a rail perspective. As Tom mentioned earlier, we've had quite a bit of a decrease in our rail inventory. A significant part of that is on the private cars fleet, and a lot of that is because our commercial team has been proactive in working with the customer to let them know how to run an efficient rail service with us.
Kenyatta Rocker: And then, Allison, this is Kenny. I just want to say we're working together as a team, Tom, Jim and I, to really educate the customer on how to fit in our network. I can tell you, we're not going in this thing looking to say, hey, we may lose this business because we're shipping. We're going in to win and grow our franchise.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes, thanks for that question. No, we haven't seen that right now. I can tell you that we're pricing to the market, we're pricing to our value proposition. And as our service product becomes more reliable, we're optimistic about our opportunity to continue to do that.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. So first of all, we still have the competitive forces that we talked about in the past. They're still there. There wasn't anything unique or - that we want to call out. Like I stated, we're just going to continue to price to the market. We're going to price to the value proposition that we have. And a more reliable service product is going to give us more opportunity.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. So I was just in [Asia] a couple months ago. Right now, we haven't had any extensive conversations about that, but we're going to stay close to our customers and be engaged with them.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. So thanks for that. We definitely saw it in the fourth quarter, as I alluded to in my earlier comments. As we're talking to our largest customers now and as you probably have read in the press release, there's still some strong volume out there, and we do see that. Based on the pull ahead, there's also some of that with the spring deal on the retail side. And we're going to just continue to stay close to our customers to see how volume shakes out.
Thomas Lischer: So our - on the TE&Y side, our training pipeline is kind of what threw it off a little bit from the actual people side. On a sequential basis, the number is actually coming down from -- for the fourth quarter, ending pretty well in December. That is going to continue moving forward. We're in the early innings as far as the labor productivity goes. So I would just look forward to seeing what happens going forward. With the other side of it, our engineering and our mechanical areas, we've made the adjustments in those labor productivities as we've made - say for example, the locomotives come out, we've made adjustments there. But we are in early innings on that side, and we just see that improving going forward.
Thomas Lischer: So we are - to your point, we are looking at train size and the train schedules to maximize footage across the territories that we can operate. Jim alluded to some capital opportunities that we're studying right now to get a quick turn on. But this is going to be an evergreen process as we continue. We're going to continue to look for the efficiencies, not only at the local or the node type area but the line side to drive those efficiencies across the network.
Thomas Lischer: They're moving down, aligned with our expectations. We see some opportunity here going forward in the next couple months.
Thomas Lischer: So first, to build on that a little bit, we've seen actually a 35% reduction in our service issues on our manifest program. So where we put in the - our Unified Plan 2020, we rolled that out. We've seen really good improvement in the overall reliability. Obviously, there's more opportunity to get better here.
Thomas Lischer: With the initial implementation, Kenny and I have been a lockstep, having those conversations with the customers. As we make changes, we're very tight on what we're doing as we go forward.
