James Young: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Union Pacific's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Dennis Duffy, Vice Chairman, Operations; Jack Koraleski, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Rob Knight, our CFO. Union Pacific set a new quarterly earnings record of $1.40 per share, 52% increase over last year's recorded earnings of $0.92 per share. Last year second quarter included about $0.14 per share from a land sale, so on a more apples to apples basis, we actually increased earnings almost 80% versus 2009. Operating income was a record $1.3 billion, a 71% increase. A key contributor to our strong earnings performance was the return of business volume to our railroad. In fact, this is the first time in six years that we've reported volume growth in all six of our businesses in the same quarter. Beyond the strong earnings growth, the real quarterly highlight was achieving a 69.4% operating ratio. This is our first ever quarter under 70%, and is a tremendous achievement for the men and women of UP. We are demonstrating great volume leverage, efficiently handling an 18% increase in business with little incremental cost. It's really a team effort, beginning with our employees who are dedicated to running a safe, efficient railroad. Our commitment to rail infrastructure investment, a disciplined yet flexible transportation plan, and our continuous safety improvement efforts are all paying off in the form of enhanced productivity and resiliency. These are the keys to delivering high quality service for our customers. Customers increasingly recognize the great value that UP franchise has to offer, allowing us to reach new markets and supporting our pricing plans. Not only are customers rewarding us with their business, second quarter customer satisfaction scores were an all-time best. With another record quarter in the books, we feel good about the direction of our company and the opportunities we have in front of us. With that, let’s turn it over to Jack for a review of our business team.
James Young: Thanks, Rob. Before we open it up for questions, I'll make a quick comment on the future. Our second quarter results are an indicator of the true potential of the UP franchise when safety, great service, pricing, and productivity all come together. While many of our metrics reflect best ever results, we still have significant upside. Our network infrastructure is built to handle 190,000 to 200,000 weekly carloads. And we have the working resources needed to efficiently provide great customer service as volumes return.  Although, there is still uncertainty around the state of the economic recovery, we are encouraged by the current demand levels and see the potential for slow, steady growth in the months ahead. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
James Young: Rob, it's probably -- probably not going to talk a lot about the pricing associated with the UMAX program. I will tell you that it is improving our margin and doing what we had hoped for in terms of helping us to recover additional fuel surcharge. And so both of those are quite positive, and you saw the impact of that. Customers’ activity to the UMAX program has been awesome. And it's growing in volumes and service has been great. So all around, we're quite happy with that. The Joliet facility is going to do all those things. It's going to be a combination of fluidity. It's going to be asset utilization. It's going to improve schedules for our customers. It's going to give them closer access to the major consumption markets there in Chicago. And we will also have improved throughput in our interchange business with both Eastern carriers. So it's going to be the whole package from our customers’ perspective.
James Young: Well, Ed, if you looked historically, second half is generally our highest earnings potential, so you can extend that out. It's going to be a function to how we see business volumes moving. The personal injury accrual clearly helps some, but keep in mind the higher fuel cost also penalized us. So it’s a pretty good performance rate. So I'm optimistic about third and fourth quarters, but again, just watch the volumes.
James Young: I think you can -- potentially third quarter you might see it up a little bit. Again, we're -- we’ve started some hiring, although the numbers are relatively small overall. And again, we're going to hire to support volume as we go forward. We clearly have the leverage, as Dennis was talking about, that we'll still see good leverage going forward here. But I think our numbers will not continue to pick up. Now that doesn’t say we’re not continuing to focus on productivity. We've got some great projects underway, technology, a lot of the process initiatives that are underway, that's there. But again, if we’re hiring, that means our outlook and volume looks pretty darn good.
James Young: Well, I think what we said is -- both Jack and Rob, is that the pricing number when you take kind of fuel and everything out of it, it was about 5% overall. We have to kind of look at ARC crews [ph] [41:46] negative mix -- or Rob, you want to...
James Young: Yes, I'll start with the -- kind of the first part of that, Jack can handle it. The pricing environment is stronger today than it's been in a long time. And again, you look at what's happening on the truck side, but all this is a function, where we think volume in the economy’s going here, so projecting out to 2011. So you've got some positive potential in the economy, but there's another factor here that -- don't underplay. Our service metrics have never been better. Our customers, when we do our -- we have a very robust customer satisfaction survey that value proposition has never been better. So when I think about that, I feel very good about the potential in the pricing side going forward. I’ll let Jack talk on the legacy contract.
James Young: You have to throw in there the potential outlook on Ag, which could be an upside. You look at right now coal, comes to where we’re at with the burn so far. So there’s some real potential here to have a decent peak.
James Young: Chris, and keep in mind the step back from the locomotive potential here. These are really strategic investments long-term. When we think about our network today, we’re thinking about three, four, five years out. You've got long lead times in many of these projects. So when you hear us talk about our capital budget, which we’re still putting together, you've got to put that in the context of how you think three, four, five years out.
James Young: Well, I think there's a concern about sustainability here on the economy, which we all have, whether you’re -- regardless what business you’re in. What we do see with customers, again, they really value the service. You think about managing inventories, and what the railroad’s been able to do, we're in markets today that if you’re going to try to run tight inventories, you may not have been in three years ago. So our job here is to make certain we really perform service-wise and sell that value proposition. And get ready, I’ll tell you, still -- while there’s a concern on the economy, we still have many customers asking us, “Are you ready for peak?” “Are you ready to handle volume?” So I'm looking forward to continued growth here.
James Young: Well, Ben, I think the way to think about this is the core infrastructure, that’s track, our terminals capacity. We're invested for that 190,000 to 200,000 carload level. So you're going to leverage that as you move up. Our working resources, I think we've said, were probably in that maybe 10% to 15% range or so out there. So we still have very good leverage. Now as I’ve said consistently here, obviously, as you move up the curve you’re going to have to do more hiring, when you look at it. But I think the numbers are very good. It -- the key for us is to stay ahead of this. Again, start thinking about 2011 and 2012 in terms of some incremental investment. But we’re going to have good leverage.
James Young: Tom, it's not going to be anything significant on the headcount number. Again, part of this is -- as you think about it right now, any hiring we’re doing today, much of that is looking probably fourth quarter, first half next year, you think about bringing new employees in. And we do have the furlough employees come back to work much quicker. But it will be up but nothing substantial, unless the volume really runs, we’re going to accelerate our hiring. And don’t confuse that with loss of margin here. We’re going to have very good margins and leverage in our business here, at least for the foreseeable future.
James Young: Well, I think the discussions have continued but you’re at a phase right now that I think they’re kind of reevaluating where they’re at overall. And we're ready to work with -- we have been very active. I think again, the members I talked to involved with this, they know the stakes are very high in terms of any type of legislation, what it could mean. And nobody wants to get it wrong. There's one thing this industry’s done, and we continue to show that, you've had more new investment going to the rail industry in the last six, seven years than in a long time. So we’ll see what happens here. You've got a lot of things going on in Washington today, and I would argue this clearly isn't on the top of the priority list, but we take it serious and we’re going to continue to be -- to work with them.
James Young: Hold on here a minute. You’ve got to be careful on normalcy. If you go back about three, four years ago, we were running 38 plus trains a day out of the PRB. We’re invested for a number higher than that. So we’re sitting here running, what, 33, 34 right now, which is a huge amount of excess capacity up there. So we’re a long ways away from what the production and investment capability is out of the mines. Again, I think that’s a good example is coal, if you believe coal will pick up over time here, you’re going to lever that business very nicely.
James Young: Ken, I'm probably being a little conservative, but on the other hand the visibility is very tough right now. And Jack, in talking with the customers, we -- they’re -- you can look at, as he talked to you, some of the positive areas that are out here. But we’ve been surprised before. We have to be -- we kind of use the term very agile, in terms of the economy, where it’s going. As Bernanke said yesterday, things are very uncertain going forward. So we’re cautious in terms of our outlook. I would say today though, if you add up the positives right now, they lean a little more on the positive side in volume than the negative.
James Young: Well, at this point in time here, Bill, I mean I’m -- hard to argue that logic. But we’re not providing guidance going forward. Yes, the potential’s here. We’re -- again as I said, my conclusion, I think we’re starting to see what the UP franchise can really do. And a key here, obviously, will be continued volume growth. But I feel good about our possibilities down the road.
James Young: I don't want to speculate any kind of the mindset, particularly when you have new members sitting up there next year. Our focus from day one is to work with the staff, help them understand our issues. We have spent a tremendous amount of time. And it's across-the-board. I mean the C.O.s have been very active in terms of helping people understand really a very complicated issue. And I tell you, Bill, I've not met a member yet that is not -- their goal is to figure out how you put more business on the freight railroad. And they don't want to screw it up, so we'll see. I think our industry, I don't think we've got a great story to tell you. Look at new investment. Think about the jobs potential. Last thing any member wants to hear up here is we’re cutting capital and eliminating jobs. And that's what's at stake here if this -- if whatever comes out is wrong.
James Young: I suppose you could probably find somebody that says we are. But we are -- the stakes are too high. I think overall, though, there is no question except, like I said, we’ve been -- we have been at least cooperate in the discussion. We’ve been very straight on the risks that are out there. And at the end of the day, though, the stakes are so high, we’ve got to be -- take this very, very serious in terms of where we’re going.
James Young: Well, I would tell you one thing right now is to take the uncertainty off the table, in terms of when we think long-term investment. The only way you're going to grow here is you've got to think investment long-term. And one of the things I point out to members is when you create an environment that's uncertain in the long-term, you start to get cautious in capital. The investment tax credit is still on the table, that's out there. That's probably a long shot. The fact of the matter is if they let this industry continue to move forward as we have, they're going to see more investment, more volume going forward.
James Young: John, we paid cash into it. Obviously, what’s at stake with coal, I'm not going to speculate what can happen in a lame-duck session. We take it serious. Lots of things can happen. I just have a tough time looking at this country walking away from coal when it generates half of the energy, electricity production in America. So we're involved. But we'll see what happens here. Our focus has been one coal’s going to be part of the equation. Technology’s got to be also part of the solution to help coal go forward.
James Young: Well, I’m still -- I mean our volume’s up 25% to a year ago. But again a year ago is the bottom. I'm still concerned. If you think about what's happening with housing, the housing numbers, obviously, have deteriorated in terms of new housing starts from where we were a quarter ago. But we're feeling better. We still have a long ways to go. And I’ll give you an example. If you take peak lumber loading, I think it was 2005 in a quarter, we loaded about 70,000 loads of lumber. At the bottom we loaded 19,000. Now it has picked up some but it's a long ways away. And again, as Jack mentioned, overall construction just right now is not looking real strong. And we’re -- again, I'm trying to predict the future here. I still believe that until you start seeing the hiring numbers improve, I think it's going to be a tough go for a while.
James Young: One of the ways to think about this also is what mix can do. We've got a lot of -- the thing of our network, you can run unit trains, like a coal train. Obviously, if that grows, you get a pretty good correlation between train starts and volume there. On the manifest network, which is mixed rate, there's a lot of capacity there. As Dennis was saying, we've got yards, 24 to 25 of our 115 primary yards that are in his sense really shut down. You’ve got freight cars stored. So mix can have a little bit of impact on this. But again, what you’ve got to think here is as you move up that capacity curve, we're going to have great leverage but it will start to shrink some.
James Young: We actually do have a couple of moves that move all the way into the Northeast. And those are moving quite strong, very strong demand for coal. So that's all good things for us.
James Young: John, I think you ought to ask yourself a question, where do you think the auto -- how do you say the sector is going right now. We said, when we came into the area, we got kind of $11-plus million new vehicle sales. I think the forecasts have come down a little bit in terms of the outlook. So I would argue right now with I think you have more upside than you have downside on vehicle sales over the next couple of years.
James Young: Well, again, thank you everybody for joining us. I hope you see the real potential year with the Union Pacific Railroad. And we look forward to talking with you with our third quarter earnings release. Thanks again.
Dennis Duffy: Thank you, Jack, and good morning. In the second quarter we continued to see overall improvement trends in safety, service and value. Even with an 18% increase in volume, we maintained a strong performance with our Service Delivery Index coming in at 92.1% in the quarter. We achieved over three points of SDI improvement versus the first quarter as this is the measure -- as this measure continues to be highly correlated with the record customer satisfaction Jack discussed earlier. Behind those results is the hard work we do in every facet of the operation to deliver consistent service to our customers. For example, Industry Spot & Pull was a record 93.2% in the quarter. This is one of the most visible measures for our customers as it represents their first and last events of each car cycle.  Car connection performance, which measures whether we put right cars in the right train, was maintained at very high level. Terminal operations remained fluid, enabling good execution of the transportation plan. And second quarter velocity was 26.4 miles per hour, up slightly from first quarter levels. We demonstrated great resiliency and recoverability in our operations during the quarter, which enabled us to achieve these strong results. In particular, our trains experienced significant weather-related delays, 15 out of 30 days in June. By comparison, last June operations were impacted by only one day. And in the face of those challenges, we improved our overall safety performance, setting a new second quarter mark for employee reportables, and an all-time best for reportable dynamics [ph] [21:49]. Running a safe and resilient network also allows us to generate strong volume leverage. In the second quarter, with an 18% increase in car-lettings, total train starts only increased 7%. One source of our volume leverage is productivity. Across all of our asset classes, we are doing more with less. Employee productivity measured by gross ton miles per employees reached its higher level in nearly two years. Freight car utilization was a second quarter best at 8.4 days. And locomotive productivity improved 3%, year-over-year. Another source of leverage is our excess working resources. Today, we have roughly 2,300 employees per load; 39,000 stored freight cars; and 1,200 excess locomotives. Although every category is down from peak levels, we still have ample resources to handle current demand. We are, however, hiring and transferring some conductors over the next couple of months to supplement locations where the combination of volumes and attrition require it. We're also in the early phases of thinking about our 2011 capital plan, including the possibility of starting locomotive purchases next year, maybe around 100 units. Although our stored locomotives are functional, new units would improve fuel efficiency, reduce emissions, increase reliability, and expand our distributed power capability. It will also provide flexibility in advance of yet to be developed locomotive technology to meet Tier 4 EPA requirements. Increased productivity generates capacity in terms of throughput on our network. And one of those areas we've been concentrating intently on is train length. Compared to 2009, we've increased train length in almost every major train type, establishing new records with some. For example, our intermodal train length averaged nearly 164 boxes per train in the second quarter, an increase versus 2009 of more than 15 boxes per train. To illustrate the power of train size, the 1% improvement in coal doesn't sound like much, but one car more per train saves a 100 loaded coal trains per year. The Unified Plan continues to find opportunities to run longer trains more productively. We are also working with our customers to identify and eliminate length constraints. Beyond that, our increased use of distributed power and targeted capital investments give us the physical capability of running longer trains. This is further enhanced by the terminal performance improvement initiative that facilitates throughput and performance in major terminals. As we look ahead to the back half of 2010 and peak season, we will be ready and committed to exceed customer expectations with excellent service. We will also continue our efforts to operate in a volume variable manner, incurring additional expenses more slowly and volumes increase. Our robust capital programs are essential for maintaining both safety and service. And we are always working to increase our overall capital efficiency, completing more work with less dollars spent. Finally, we never take our eye off safety as we strive to make every decision have a safety component built into it. With that, let me turn it over to Rob to discuss the financials.
Dennis Duffy: That's a continual focus for us. And we are already addressing those issues that you mentioned, working with our customers. And we have some strategic capital points record towards our sliding extensions. More in the CNW and then across the Southeast, from El Paso east. But to answer your question specifically, we expect continuous improvement in our train length. We took it up 6.5% quarter-over-quarter a year. 2Q versus 2Q. On the Intermodal side, you saw the numbers, we said $164 million, we’re already up to $170 million currently. We think we can go well north of $200 million without taxing any additional locomotives on those particular trains. And the respective answer would rest on the commodity corridors and the commodity types. But you can rest assured that you are going to see continuous improvement in train length in all -- across all categories; the premium service, the manifest service, and the bulk service.
Dennis Duffy: Well, Chris, I mentioned some part of our strategy was on our capital investment on the sliding links. We're continuing to press that issue here. We want to continue to grow our train lengths in these key corridors, I mentioned a couple of them, so we’re after that. I think food grade covered hoppers, we’re going to end up with a couple hundred of those here. So some -- there’s some really targeted specific car types that we might augment the spend with. But other than that, we’re into the core replacement spending and we really don’t see it, other than as I mentioned, the locomotives. So we’re working our infrastructure really hard to make sure that we’re reducing, taking variability out, improving the slow orders, and providing for excellent run-through capability and train length.
Dennis Duffy: We're pretty well set. What we call the Red X, that’s our central corridor where the coal route is, that’s not needing of any train length opportunities there. But we are looking at the run-through capabilities. That would be at the major terminals, Kansas City North flats. The other corridors would be the Pacific North West, I mentioned that. That’s again Intermodal growth, but that also facilitates grain, and our manifest business out of PNW. And we’ll be looking at the Sunset again, and looking at opportunities there to -- can we improve our efficiencies in specific locations. It won’t be any wholesale double-track effort, but there could be pinpoint efforts where we go in and look at, particularly in and around our terminals, to facilitate the through-put capabilities. And then as I mentioned also, El Paso East, that is also a mixed corridor, that we would look at this for some additional investment there.
Dennis Duffy: Well, Tom, the only thing I can tell you is you can expect to see continuous improvement in all of our categories. The manifest side, we have plenty of room for growth, we’re setting records on that now, with our DPU trains and our longer trains. We’re doing the same thing with bulk, working with our customers and Jack’s team to extend those out. That’s not as rapid a growth rate, but you can expect to see manifest trains and Intermodal trains and auto trains continue to increase. When I quote those numbers, I’m quoting you the scheduled network, and that is -- that has increases expected across-the-board.
Robert Knight: Rob, the key here, UMAX is a piece of an overall strategy in the Intermodal, but the bottom-line in Intermodal is great service. We’ve got a lot of different products, all these corridors, and we're really seeing what can happen when you put great service products in the market.
Robert Knight: The high level numbers would be, the price is just about 5%’ish. Fuel, we’ll call it 6%. And negative mix of about 3% on the ARC [ph] [41:58] line.
Robert Knight: Yes, Ed, it was similar to last year's number, which is about a $40 million positive. So year-over-year, it was about a wash. I mean it was roughly in the $40 million range.
Robert Knight: Walter, as you’ve heard us say before, that we take a balanced approach. I mean we’re not giving guidance in terms of what the run rate’s going to be on our share of buyback other than we’re going to continue to be opportunistic as we have been up to this point. And that’s what we’ll continue to do going forward. And as we said on our dividend, as you know, earlier this year we increased it 22%. And we’d like to get into a position and be in a position where we are competitive with our dividends, steadily increasing it and being opportunistic on the share buyback. In terms of what’s the right level of the debt-to-cap ratio, the way we looked at it is we want to maintain a solid investment grade rating, which we think is in that mid 40%s ratio when you look at it on a debt-to-cap. So we’re comfortable in that level.
Robert Knight: No. I think the indications that you’re seeing in the international markets today with international ocean carriers wanting their boxes returned back as quickly possible and transloading into domestic, we have some containers coming on board that we will be able to utilize, even with our new container acquisitions there will still be stronger demand than what we’ll have containers for. So I think for this particular year, the way things are shaping up right now, I think we will see a more traditional peak season and it will be up from where we are running today.
Robert Knight: Yes, I mean that category, as you know, has a lot of moving parts. But what we’re saying is -- from Q1, remember we had the $45 million CSXI payment in there. If you’re looking at Q1, yes. But the $170 million number is, again, a lot of moving parts, but we’re looking at that as sort of a more normalized level than the $122 million this quarter. And of course, among other things, what impacts that other category is volume. There are some volume related expenses in there. So people depend upon volume and other factors
Robert Knight: That's going to be -- equipment rents are going to follow volume. And that’s direct correlation to how our business grows.
Robert Knight: Yes, I got you. That was a slight positive. But the bigger driver when you compare the first quarter to second quarter was the CSXI payment that we made, which was roughly $45 million in the first quarter.
John Koraleski: Walter, first of all I have to tell you, it's never easy to get price. So, but the environment has changed. There are some markets, obviously. Market demand is really what dictates your ability to take price up, plus the contractual obligations. So I would tell you right now, probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 60% of our pricing is contractually tied up right at the moment for next year, which is not unusual. We’re only halfway through the year, so...
John Koraleski: It is what it is. There's no reason to say that it would be going down, at least at this point in time.
John Koraleski: We're always looking at the market implications and pricing, and particularly in the Intermodal world. I would say that it's not -- just because they’re smaller, it probably does put a little more pressure on our smaller Intermodal but -- our IMCs. But actually everybody’s short of equipment, the large IMCs as well as the small. And we’re trying our very best to ensure that everybody gets equipment to meet their needs. So it's a tight market. A tight market like that always says there's some pricing opportunity for us. We still have some contractual obligations to work our way through here. But we do see that as an opportunity for us going forward.
John Koraleski: Well, a good portion of that, it is related to the train length that we mentioned, Cherilyn. They -- across-the-board. We also have initiatives in all of our terminals. When you say the yard and local was only up 1%, we have huge terminal improvement initiatives using our continuous improvement group, our lean concepts, crossed all of our major terminals. We had mentioned previously, before we'd shut down about -- or severely curtailed about 30 yards, that’s still in the 24 to 25 area. We've been all over, over time, curtailing that. So car repairs, mechanical, engineering on the transportation side, every one of them have productivity initiatives that help contribute to that and help us keep those crude starts and train starts down. But a big leverage item, and we’re continuing to focus on, is that train length. Put that additional volume and existing trains.
John Koraleski: Probably the biggest change, if you recall in our first quarter, we actually had negative pricing in our total Intermodal business. And that’s turned around in the second.
Jon Langenfeld: Scott, we've already seen, I mean second quarter we ran about 30 trains out of the PRB, today we're running 33. Some demand pickup stockpiles, we're having a great summer right at the moment in terms of heat. So that all plays in our favor. So I think -- I don't really see any strange or out of seasonal pattern. I think we'll continue to see a nice run on coal for a while.
Jon Langenfeld: Yes, the last six weeks are any indication of what's to come, I think you’ll probably see it pick up.
Jon Langenfeld: Ken, we're always talking to our customers and without getting into specifics, if an opportunity opens itself up and the customer’s interested and we can have a meeting of the minds, we would be more than happy to have those discussions with them. But that's an ongoing process for us.
Jon Langenfeld: Well, obviously, as volume continues to increase, we are going to bring back our cost and our assets at a slower pace. And Rob said that, Jim said that, I said that. And it's essentially a process driven across-the-board. We try and leverage everything that we can in our existing service offerings. We use technology in our distributive power. I think we increased our DPU gross tons about like 12% again, quarter-over-quarter, we continue to do that. In the new service offerings, we emphasize with our customers productivity initiatives, putting the right equipment on the right trains. So obviously, the leverage will gradually diminish, but we see upside opportunities for us in the future here. We don't see anything that would stop that from us at this point.
Jon Langenfeld: If you look at the entire shooting match, what we own plus what we have tied together with Hub and Pacer, we're probably in the 70,000 container range and -- at the moment. Maybe a tad higher.
Jon Langenfeld: No. The ones we have on order -- as I look at it, John, by the time I get to the end of the year, we're going to have probably 57% of the container fleet tied to Union Pacific. And that container fleet is expected to be about 150,000 units in total.
Jon Langenfeld: I’ve never -- we’ve looked at it from time to time, it really varies. It’s pretty hard for me to put my finger on that.
