John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today in Omaha are Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer; Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Lance Fritz, our Executive Vice President of Operations. This morning, we're pleased to announce that Union Pacific achieved an all-time record quarter, generating an earnings milestone of $2.37 per share, an increase of 13% compared to the second quarter of 2012. We managed our network efficiently and continued to show the agility of our strong and diverse franchise. When combined with solid core pricing gains, we more than offset the slight shortfall in volumes, generating a new best-ever quarterly operating ratio of 65.7%, translates into value that we're creating for our customers and increased financial returns for our shareholders. So with that, let's get started. I'll turn it over to Eric.
John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob. As we move into the second half of the year, the economic outlook remains uncertain. But from our perspective, the underlying economy in the second quarter seemed somewhat weaker than it did in the first quarter. We're hopeful that we'll see some economic improvement in the months ahead. We are well positioned with our diverse franchise, our strong value proposition and our excellent service offerings while remaining agile in today's changing environment. We'll continue focusing on re-investable pricing, attracting new, profitable growth opportunities and running a safe, efficient and reliable network that generates greater value for both our customers and our shareholders going forward. With that, we'll open up the phones for your questions.
John J. Koraleski: We really haven't seen any impact at St. James. We have had seen some minor impact in our Texas business, where there's a lot of pipelines. Eric, do you want to...
John J. Koraleski: Well, it's going to be 97 degrees in Omaha today, so we're doing high fives. But so far, at least, for the summer, it's been okay, was actually a cooler spring than what we had hoped for. But the summer has heated up nicely, and we're hoping that that's going to stay through the balance of the season.
John J. Koraleski: Part of it may be they were surprisingly strong in the first quarter. But, Eric, you can clarify that.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, Bill, every chance I get in Washington, D.C., my message is very, very clear that while we earning good financial returns, we are investing record amounts of capital. We're providing great value and service for our customers. And on a replacement cost basis, we're still not in the ballpark of where we need to be. And I think that message has been well reserved -- has been well received, particularly given that customers are relatively satisfied with our service offerings.
John J. Koraleski: I'm pretty excited, Ken, about the opportunity that we'll have in 2014 with the opening of our new facility in Santa Teresa to be able to take -- in addition to that 10 million truckloads, there's another 3 between the U.S. and Mexico. And that facility is going to really -- we're going to really focus on that and target that. So we're looking forward to having that facility up and running here in 2014.
John J. Koraleski: Rob said it was about half of our growth in headcount was capital and about half was driven by other.
John J. Koraleski: Great. Thank you so much for joining us on the call today. We're looking forward to speaking with you again in October.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. The intrastate Texas short-haul business, we always take opportunistic opportunities to move some of that, which is pretty directly competitive to pipeline given the fact that it's pretty short-haul stuff. And so we've seen some decline in that. But for -- that's really nominal. For our base book of long-haul, Bakken, the St. James business, we feel pretty good about the continued opportunities with that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So our first quarter was strong, if you recall. There's always significant competition between all of the ports up and down the West Coast and between ourselves and our competitors, but there's no significant share swings that have occurred. The real fundamental issue is retail indicators in this country, retail sales have really been mixed. And you could argue even in the second quarter, they looked like they have softened a bit. Supply chain manufacturers and retailers are continuing to thin out the supply chain and trying to squeeze out inventories. So you have actually seen lower volumes coming into all of the West Coast ports from Asia. Certainly, what's going on in China might also have an impact to that. Certainly, near-sourcing to Mexico might have an impact to that. But you have seen lower volumes into all of the West Coast ports in the second quarter.
Eric L. Butler: Well, if you look at -- again, what we've said is the economy is what our outlook is dependent upon. If you look at inventory, if you look at some of the sentiment, it does suggest that later in the third quarter, the fourth quarter, there should be decent consumer sentiment for a strong retail season. If that happens, you will need to move the business because there are not a lot of inventories out there, so that would suggest a pickup from where we are today.
Eric L. Butler: So as we discussed previously, coal shutdown plants in any amount that you might see, really, is not a factor because there's more capacity than demand. And you might hear about shutdowns that just kind of match capacity and demand. The key issue is what market share coal has. Coal is hanging in there pretty solidly at the 38%, 39% market share of total electrical generation. We see nothing on the horizon that's going to substantially change it. Certainly, there could be some environmental regulatory thing that could change that. But right now, from a business economic standpoint, we see nothing on the horizon that's going to change that.
Eric L. Butler: So actually, customer investment in destination terminals is expanding both -- in St. James, there's a project well underway to expand that capacity. But more importantly, we've talked about this in the past. If you look at what's going on in California, there's significant activity in terms of expansion of destination terminals in California. We've mentioned before, California is going to have a significant short-haul. Their local crude production is declining. Alaska's slope is declining. And so they're looking to source from Canada, from the Bakken and also from the Niobrara and also Permian, and so they need destination terminals in California. And there's a significant activity, significant investment going on. Some has been public, some is not.
Eric L. Butler: As you're talking about the expansion of the chemicals production capacity due to low natural gas prices, I think there are roughly 8 announced plant expansions. Most of those have turnover to operation dates, I think, in 2016 or beyond. And so we are working with them now in terms of developing transportation alternatives, working with many of those customers and try -- and helping them shift their inbound construction materials to build the facilities. But I think most of those will be late '15, early '16 or later.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, we don't -- as you know, we don't list production from individual plants and individual customers. We do have a very strong Chemicals franchise with a lot of great value, and we believe that there's upside. I think what we might have called out in the past about the Gruppo Mossi facility was a 2016 start. I think that's what we called out. But we don't list individual opportunities in individual plants, but we are excited about all of the upside.
Eric L. Butler: So as we look at Domestic Intermodal, it's a rich target area. I mean, we have said publicly that there's probably 9 million, 10 million loads that can be converted from truck to rail. We have, we believe, the strongest North-South Mexico franchise. We have 6 border points. Truck business to and from U.S. and Mexico is growing rapidly this year, so we think there's a rich target area. We have a number of strategies and initiatives that we're-- we have underway with our partners in the Intermodal industry to convert more truck to rail. And so we think there's lots of upside. Converting, there are a lot of issues and a lot of things that need to be done to do that effective conversion. So I'm not sure I will give a roadmap in terms of what the number will be at what period of time, but we continue to believe there's significant upside in the Domestic Intermodal market.
Eric L. Butler: And I'd like to make one other data point. The new trucking CSA rule that went into effect July 1, we're not really seeing any impact from that right now, but we do expect over time that there will be an impact from that, which will make rail more competitive -- Intermodal more competitive.
Eric L. Butler: No. I mean, it's in our numbers. It's in the mix of our numbers. We don't call that out specifically.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So as you know, production in Niobrara is ramping up, but it still is at much lower levels than what you see out of Bakken or out of some of the Canadian areas. There are -- in terms of new -- or our customers and destination origin terminal owners, there are a number of large projects underway. I'm not going to call out the specifics, but a number of large projects, both on ourselves and on our competitors, that are underway in terms of origin facilities out of the Niobrara. Those are really targeted to move Niobrara product into California.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So our Santa Teresa facility that Jack was talking about is targeted to open in the first quarter of next year. That facility is on UP, and that'll do a number of things for us. But one of the things that it'll do is it'll help us really penetrate the maquiladora market that is just south of the border and moving their products to destination in the U.S. by long-haul truck. We'll be able to convert that to Intermodal and move to Intermodal. And so that's not really an FXE play. It would not surprise me if the FXE is interested in growing the Intermodal business. They have a great franchise, as does the KCSM. And as I said before, there's a rich target opportunity there in terms of Intermodal, particularly to and from Mexico. So it would not surprise me if that were the case.
Eric L. Butler: So we are very excited about the Mexico market. And as you may or may not know, we are still the Kansas City Southern de Mexico, KCSM, largest interline partner to and from Mexico. So we're excited about the franchise. We are excited about all of the opportunities. There's immense growth on the Auto side of the business. There are a number of different automotive facilities that are being built and expanded in Mexico. And between the KCSM and the FXE joining with the UP franchise, that's a sweet spot for us. The Mexican grain business is always very strong for us. With the drought last year, we have seen some weakness. But as you have normal crop yields, that is always a target area for us. And then Intermodal is really kind of the untapped area. There is a significant amount of Intermodal today in terms of -- for the auto manufacturers, but if you take the auto manufacturers out of the mix, there's Mexican North-South truck moves, and we believe that that's an untapped area for us to penetrate and grow our Mexico business. So we're very excited about Mexico.
Eric L. Butler: So let me talk about kind of the network. We actually have been expanding our Ag network footprint as we've gone through the drought period. We have invested and have created with our customers more originations, and we have expanded our capability in terms of running larger, more efficient trains in our network. So while the drought has been underway, we have actually positioned ourselves for the future to grow the business. If you look at the Ag business, yes, it was near record lows, but there are a couple of factors. We had the drought. We also had, during this time, don't forget, we had the Russian and Chinese governments putting bans on some of our exports. We had our sugar exports being impacted also in terms of -- from Mexico. So all of those factors have impacted the volumes while we've had this drought. In terms of our corn crop, everyone is focused on, so it's almost like a perfect storm. But we feel pretty good about the future. Assuming normal trend line yields, our network is probably in better shape now than we were going into it in terms of being able to handle the upside.
Eric L. Butler: No. Eastern utilities, they have a choice between PRB. They have a choice between Illinois coal. They have a choice between Central Appalachian coal. And the decision is really different for different utilities based on where they are in terms of the scrubbers and other environmental investments that they've made, the materials that they would need to cleanse the coal, like lime. So I mean, it's a different equation for every utility, and I think every utility is looking at that equation and the mix of what they want to do. In that context, we are continuing to have discussions with Eastern utilities.
Eric L. Butler: Eastern utilities, they're making these decisions. They're investigating Southern Powder River Basin coal as one of numerous options. We are excited about that. We want to facilitate that, but there are a lot of factors that go into their decisions.
Eric L. Butler: I would use an estimate 2/3-1/3, 2/3 conversion, 1/3 economy. So the majority of our growth is coming from conversion.
Eric L. Butler: Last year, we had about 7.6 million tons of export, which, I think, was a record. We might have a couple of points higher than that. We might end up at 7.8 million this year. Frankly, the export market was somewhat disappointing this year, given some of the economic difficulties, particularly in Europe, less so in Asia. We do expect that as the world economy grows, that the export market should strengthen and there will be upside to that. But this year, it'll be a little higher, call it around 8 million tons averaging up.
Eric L. Butler: We have exports from our network going to the Gulf, and we also have exports going off the West Coast to Asia.
Eric L. Butler: The crops really impact the fourth quarter. The harvest really doesn't start until late in the third quarter, late September. So it's really crops coming in as a fourth quarter impact.
Eric L. Butler: [indiscernible] down to Houston will be about the same and then be a little longer than California, but I don't think it's going to be a big issue.
Robert M. Knight: Scott, we haven't changed our guidance, where we said that for the full year, that we still think Coal's going to be slightly down, given all the factors and given the fact that it was down 19% in the first quarter. So that does imply -- with the flat performance in the second quarter, that does imply strengthening in the back half. Where we're saying there's lack of clarity, if you will, is, as always, weather will be a huge factor in how the summer burn plays out in our Coal business. And as Eric pointed out, at this point in time, inventories are about 2 days lower than normal, so we're well positioned if the weather, in fact, cooperates.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, I want to add that the Energy Department has put out estimates that suggest that electrical generation demand will be down 4% in the second half of the year. They probably don't have any better crystal ball than we do in terms of weather impacts, but that is the data point that's out there.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Bill, I would just say that one thing to keep in mind is always a factor in our business is mix. Obviously, it can have a factor and so can fuel prices. I mean, if fuel price is up or down, that can obviously have an impact. But no, there's nothing directionally that's going to change our commitment to continue to make progress on our operating ratio commitments.
Robert M. Knight: Well, Bill, as you've heard us say all along, I mean, we're proud of the fact that we've improved our returns. We're going to continue to reinvest in the business, which is how we are able to reinvest as much capital as we do. And as you've heard me say many times, if you look at our calculation of our returns on a replacement basis, our returns are around -- Coal at 7%-ish. So clearly, room for us to continue to improve that on a natural replacement cost calculation. So we're going to -- we're not going to change our behavior. We'll continue to run a safe, efficient network and price to value, where we add value to our customers, and continue to move forward in our returns so that we can continue to make these capital investments that we'd like to make.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Justin, I mean, the simple answer to your question is it's difficult to give guidance on what you're asking in terms of the average revenue per car because mix plays as a key factor in that. But you're right. Sequentially, the average revenue per car did come down, and it's driven primarily by the mix effect that Eric talked about, where volumes, as an example, were off 11% in our Colorado/Utah business, for example, while PRB was up in the quarter. So that's an example of the mix effect. In terms of the pricing underlying what's happening in the Coal business, there's no directional change. We renewed those legacy contracts that Jack talked about, and that should flow through to the balance of the year. So there's no change in that element of the average revenue per car, but the mix effect and the volume associated with those repriced contracts will clearly play a role as we move forward.
Robert M. Knight: Ken, it depends on the volumes, and the mix is a part of it, but I go back to our original guidance on headcount. We sort of put capital aside because, as I commented, some of our headcount was earmarked on the capital and specifically how the trains go. But if you look at our -- our net headcount should flow with volumes. So if volume is slightly up, I would expect headcount net to be slightly up. If volume is going to be slightly down, for example, which I don't hope -- I don't want that to happen, but if that were to happen, we expect headcount to be down, all of which not one for one because there is productivity in there. So I think while manifest itself carries with it a little bit more labor intensity, when you step back and look at it enterprise-wide, that doesn't change our view on our headcount guidance.
Robert M. Knight: Allison, if I understand your question you're asking, in the second quarter, what was the impact of some of the legacy repricing -- business that did not move, let me attempt to answer, and if I don't answer it correctly what you're asking, come back. We have previously said that as we reprice contracts, if the volume doesn't move, and we called this out in the second -- excuse me, in the first quarter that we didn't get Coal at 0.5 point price because the repriced business, the volume was down. We're still experiencing that. Now while we had sequential improvement in our volumes in our Coal business, it's still not at the rate that -- the full load rate, if you will, back to historical levels. So I would summarize by saying that if Coal volumes were to tick back up to historical levels, there's still some upside opportunity there. And depending on when it actually happens, it may or may not show up in how we report our pricing, but rest assured it would show up in our margins.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Brandon, let me just remind everyone what we've said. Again, we haven't given guidance on specific pricing number other than to say that we're confident we can still get real pricing, which some and many have defined that as sort of inflation-plus kind of pricing. But as we talked before, we're focused on making sure that every piece of business is re-investable. But to your point of legacy, I have called out that 2014 is a "legacy-light" year. But that doesn't change our overall focus on pricing and our commitment to get that real core pricing gain.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Jason, you could. I mean, just the math of it is as those, some of those legacy contracts that we repriced, if the volume increases, that's a benefit for us this year. So we'll have to see how it plays out.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, John, I'd say it was a tailwind that, when you consider the recovery of the lag, the price of fuel, et cetera, it was a tailwind of $0.01 or so.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, John. As I commented earlier, manifest was a part of it. I talked about the personal injury item. While improved safety performance year-over-year, it wasn't as good as last year's prior-period adjustment. So that's a factor. Headcount, we are hiring, as we talked about. We're hiring partly manifest, partly just getting ahead of the curve on some other replacement activities was a part of the activity as well.
Robert M. Knight: No. Mix will play a factor, but again, our overall guidance is a net effect of headcount. When we said capital side, we'll be up or down with volumes with the assumption that we're continuing to get productivity behind that.
