John J. Koraleski: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me here in Omaha today are Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer; Eric Butler, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Lance Fritz, Executive Vice President of Operations. Union Pacific achieved an all-time record quarter, generating an earnings milestone of $2.10 per share, an increase of 32% compared to the second quarter of 2011. Best-ever quarterly operating revenue and operating income drove our record operating ratio performance and bottom line results. We're clearly delivering on the strength of our diverse franchise. Volume growth across many of our market sectors allowed us to offset the 17% decline in coal volumes. When combined with solid pricing, efficient network operations and continued productivity gains, the net result was our best-ever quarter by nearly every financial measure. We're continuing to focus on providing safe, efficient, high-quality service that creates value for our customers and increased financial returns for our shareholders. So with that, we'll get started this morning. I'll turn it over to Eric.
John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the global economic outlook has become more uncertain and coal volumes are certainly going to remain a challenge. However, we're going to continue to take advantage of the opportunities provided by our diverse franchise to drive record financial results. I want to emphasize a point that Lance made. Union Pacific's commitment to employee and public safety is our #1 priority. That has not and will not change. We'll continue to focus on providing efficient service that adds great value for our customers. We're well positioned for upside, while remaining agile in today's changing environment. That said, we still believe in our prospects for growing profitability, generating improved returns and increasing shareholder value this year. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
John J. Koraleski: Tom, I'm a little skeptical of that reported information. It's going to go and show, as Eric said -- the last report that came out said 23 days of available stockpile. Our customer base is not expecting or is not behaving like they have 23 days of excess coal supplies. They are ordering more coal. They are bringing more coal sets on service. So that is a generalized number and I think it involves all Powder River Basin shipments throughout the United States. I think in our served territory, we might actually be in somewhat better position than what that average stat might indicate.
John J. Koraleski: I think, Bill, one of the things we've said in the past was we expected our shale business, when you add it all up together, to be somewhere close to 400,000 carloads this year. And as Eric reported, there's a couple of customer facilities that are a little slower coming online. We're probably going to fall a little bit short of the 400,000, but not too terribly much.
John J. Koraleski: We actually have -- I think, Scott, if you look at it, we have somewhat easier comparisons in the third and fourth quarters, so we're hopeful that at least, if it doesn't get any worse than what they're currently talking about, we're hoping that we could still do a little better from a volume perspective in the second half than last year.
John J. Koraleski: Justin, you're right. This is really difficult. If the kind of weather pattern that we see right now persists through the end of year, we should reach a point where we'll be okay with the stockpiles and our Coal business should be coming back to a more normal kind of a run rate for us. That's a pretty big "if". We've seen the weather change dramatically off and on. So you've been with us a long time. You've seen that happen from year to year. If the stockpiles stay where they are, come in on a normal range, we'll have a pretty good year next year in our Coal business, and hopefully it won't have the aberrations. We'll see. And then the other swing factor is what's going to happen with natural gas prices. Will they act the way the forward curve is kind of looking and continue to edge their way up? If that happens, we'll have a better prospect for a good year next year. If they crater on us and fall back down again, it will be a little more difficult.
John J. Koraleski: That's right. We do not see anything happening right at the moment that causes us to think the growth rate is impaired.
John J. Koraleski: Last year, we moved about 5 million tons of export coal. We think we're on a track run to increase that 60% to about 8 million tons this year, with the recent announcement, as we continue to look for other opportunities for port capacity to export.
John J. Koraleski: Brandon, I think as we laid that out in terms of the 67 to 65, the thing that I would put into perspective for you is, we have no intention of stopping there. If we get there sooner rather than later, then the goal just drops below the 65 at some point in time. We're going to continue to look at that. Certainly right now, when you look at what are the things that could get in the way, there's a wide assortment of those things, all of which we're up to the challenge of managing. You have the U.S. economic situation that will -- taking place. Of course out here, everyone, there's a lot in the press about the financial cliff that's approaching, depending on how the tax bills and things get settled out. That's certainly a risk to us. There's always a concern about what happens with fuel prices, long-term and near-term. We're watching carefully the global positioning of the global economy. When you look at anywhere between 30% to 40%, in any given quarter, of our business originates or terminates in another country, certainly what happens in China, what happens in the Eurozone and all those things can represent risk. Interestingly enough, they can also represent opportunity for us. So as the economic climate of Europe becomes more unstable, that raises the prospects in the United States of possibly moving some of that manufacturing to our economy, and particularly if we continue to see a positive impact on energy prices as a result of shale and shale development and those kinds of things. So there's a whole variety of things that -- up to and including weather. As we're seeing this year, weather can be a friend; weather can be an enemy. All of those things kind of play their role. But that being said, the path may be a little saw-toothed in getting there, but we will get there. And when we get there, we'll reassess where we're headed and we'll keep our direction on providing the most efficiency and productivity, while adding great value for our customers.
John J. Koraleski: You know, Ken, the STB has made some comments that would lead us to believe they are going to have some sort of announcement, pronouncement, finding or something. We don't know what that is yet, nor do we know the timing of it. So the answer to your question is I just don't know.
John J. Koraleski: If you're looking year-over-year, Peter, the one thing to remember is that last year, we were hurt very badly by the drought in the South and the flooding situation in terms of our overall velocity, so...
John J. Koraleski: Well, great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call this morning. And we're looking forward to speaking with you again in October.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, Tom. In terms of our Coal outlook, as we said earlier, our run rate is increasing as weather increase in load. Coal load demand increases also as natural gas prices increase. Our coal utility providers become more competitive in terms of using coal versus natural gas. As we said, in the third quarter, we will continue to have some tough comps as you saw on the slide, even as our volumes sequentially improve, which is why we said that third quarter will be down, again, in the low -- in the second half. The third quarter, we said, will be down in the low to mid-teens.
Eric L. Butler: We did -- I don't think we actually mentioned the absolute number, there. The report comes out this afternoon. We are expecting a reduction in the stockpiles with the report that comes out today or tomorrow. It will be around the low 20s, we think, above normal -- in terms of days above normal. So we are seeing continued, and expecting, particularly with this kind of weather that you're seeing across the country, a reduction in what the stockpile report will show.
Eric L. Butler: I'm not sure we've thrown out any absolute total market size numbers. What we have said in the past is that we would kind of double our volumes this year. And what we've said today is that, as we look at the outlook, our current outlook, that's about a 2% impact on our volume growth. I'm not sure we've given an ultimate market size impact of the shale play in the past.
Eric L. Butler: We're excited about our Mutual Commitment Program. We think it is a strong leverage value for us in the opportunity -- in the marketplace. We're seeing a number of our customers adopt it, as they're recognizing the value of it. And throughout this year, in terms of the volumes that we're seeing that have gone through our MCP program, we -- they're aligned with what we expect and what we have planned, and we're excited about the continued upside opportunity.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, let me talk about the second part of your question on -- it sounded like you were asking, do we address our prices based on natural gas prices? We absolutely price to the market. We don't adjust our prices based on commodity prices. We believe we have a strong value proposition, and we believe the marketplace is recognizing our service and value proposition, and we're continuing to price to that value proposition across our entire book of business, including Coal.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I think there is a number of different kind of public assessments that suggests that for PRB coal, $2.50, $3 natural gas price is about the place where PRB coal becomes more competitive versus gas for many of our serving utilities.
Eric L. Butler: Well, as you know, our fertilizer business was down, as we talked about in our comments. And also, I think we talked about last quarter in terms of the tremendous growth that we have in our crude oil business, in our crude oil franchise. We talked about last quarter, I believe, that some of that business is shorter haul, so there's a downward mix impact associated with that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. That's a good question. I think if you look at our results for the quarter, you could see that we're getting strong pricing in the quarter. Truck costs are going up. There is a competitive environment out there, and the Intermodal business, as you know, is historically competitive with truck. But we are seeing a pressure on the costs for truck providers, and we've had a pretty good results in the quarter in terms of our growth in Intermodal pricing, as you've seen.
Eric L. Butler: We still see there's strong opportunity for pricing out there. Certainly, as you go through any period of time, you might see a period of time where a trucker wants to price something on fuel, but that doesn't change our strategy and we're continuing to drive our value proposition.
Eric L. Butler: Customers are thinking about it. We have not seen much of an impact to date. Certainly, if there were an East Coast labor impact, customers are saying that they would use West Coast options. But to date, we haven't seen much of an impact.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. There is a variety of locations. There's a balance there, some longer-haul business, some short-haul business. As you know, a sizable position of our crude oil business is joint line business with the BN and the CP out of the Bakken. So that has an impact. The crude oil business coming out of the Eagle Ford Shale, going to St. James, that's a shorter distance. So there's a number of ins and outs in terms of length of haul, depending on where the business is flowing from and where the sand business is flowing from.
Eric L. Butler: The vast majority of our crude oil business is unit train business. Historically, our sand business has been manifest business, but we're driving more unit train opportunities with the current volumes. I think our current outlook in terms of the percent of unit trains in our sand business will be about 15%.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. Again, if you recall the MCP, the intent of that was to smooth our year-round volumes. The peak driver really is market drivers, and to the extent someone does not have an MCP agreement with us, they would have to try to get boxes and service on a peak spot-price basis.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. We're expecting additional growth. It will probably sequentially not be as high as the growth that we've seen, but we are expecting additional growth.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I think those are independent. I think if you look in the previous quarters, we basically were able to renegotiate some legacy things and get fuel where we had not historically gotten fuel. So that's where you see that. In terms of the volume improvement that you see this quarter, we think that, that's really market-related-driven. We are still focused and maintaining our price strategy and are excited about the results of that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, in -- the international business has strengthened a little, stronger than what we expected in our earlier outlook. And our domestic business, in terms of highway conversions, are also coming very strong.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I don't think we've publicly talked about how many domestic boxes we have stored. We view that as a competitive -- internal competitive information. We, as you know, are focused on price. We're focused on our value proposition, and we certainly understand the value of our services and that's where we're pricing them at. I can't speak to other IMCs and others in terms of how they are pricing their services, but we are pricing ours based on our value proposition, and our results in the quarter demonstrate that. And we're not changing our strategy in the future.
Eric L. Butler: We are as highly confident of our value proposition. As I said -- as you said, you've seen what some of the IMCs have reported and what they have said. I would just say we have a strong belief in our value proposition and if the business is not re-investable, if the business we don't believe is supportive of our value proposition, we're okay not getting every piece of business.
Robert M. Knight: If I could just to add, Tom. To your point on the trough, what that slide shows is that our low point was in the second quarter -- on an absolute basis. Forget the year-over-year for a second. On an absolute basis, we did trough out on our coal in the second quarter, and that was at a low, on a PRB basis, of around 23 trains per day, and we have sequentially grown to where we're running at around, call it, 30 trains per day PRB today. So we clearly have come out of that trough.
Robert M. Knight: Tom, I would refer you and others to the chart that you've seen us use in the past, that kind of lays out the pie chart, if you will, of legacy, where we show in 2013, there's about $350 million of legacy renewals up in 2013. And most of that is front-end loaded, and we haven't broken out precisely, but as you know, the bulk of what's still in front of us is Coal-related.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, roughly, it's -- if you recall, Bill, in the first quarter, we said about a 0.5 points of our pricing was hurt, if you will, by the fall-off in Coal. That was even worse in the second quarter because Coal was down more. So it was more than 0.5 points.
Robert M. Knight: Bill, I mean, we're -- there's a lot of uncertainty out there in the world, so we're -- I would just say this, that we're not going to solve for the 70. Just like all the previous targets we've set, we're going to get there as efficiently as we can and do it the right way, and that's through a combination of good service, safe service, pricing it right and running it efficiently. So don't look at the 70 as a solve-for number. We're going to get there as efficiently as we can, but there's a lot of uncertainties in front of us.
Robert M. Knight: I'm not giving guidance on the mix. But as you know, Scott, it really is dependent upon the -- what actually moves. So we saw a fairly dramatic shift from first quarter to second quarter on that mix, which is a result of, as I pointed out, worse Coal, more Intermodal, more manifest, lower ARC moves. We're not troubled by that, by the way, because what we're focused on -- whatever the business is that we move, we're focused on doing it, handling it right and generating strong returns, as we proved in the second quarter, even without the benefit of mix. So I can't give you guidance on the mix, other than it's not an excuse for us to turn in less attractive margins, and we'll continue to approach it that way. And in terms of your question on the core pricing, yes. I mean, just generally speaking, again, we're not giving pricing guidance, but to your point, as Coal strengthens, we should achieve the benefit of some of those renegotiated contracts as that business picks up.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, if you look at -- or if you go back a couple of months and look at the USDA projections, they projected this year to be almost a bumper year, one of the best years, one of the best 3 or 4 best years in terms of crop yield, crop production. That clearly has come down with the current drought conditions. I think the latest USDA projections are it's going to be relatively flat versus last year in terms of crop yield, crop production, and so our outlook in our ag business is probably relatively similar to that.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Ken, a couple of points. And I am not saying things are going to get worse in the second half. What I'm simply giving is the record guidance of operating performance on a full year basis. And remember, that long-term target of 65, 67 is a full year number. And as I pointed on my comments, we've never in our history had a sub-70 operating ratio for a full year, and we're focused on doing that. But again, we're not going to solve for 70. We're going to get there as efficiently as we can. And if we get sub-70 -- the more sub we can get, the better. In terms of the point I was making on the cost side, just simply calling out that the inflation rate will go up a little bit in the third quarter as a result of the labor agreements. In -- I think I pointed out in my comments that, that labor line inflation will look more like 2.5% rather than the 1.5% that it was in the second quarter.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Ken, that is -- you're exactly right. Those are still very good efficiency and productivity numbers from a cost standpoint.
Robert M. Knight: So what we've historically said is that about 75% of our business is -- and that is in contracts, long-term contracts. If you look at the percent of our business that's related to ALIF [ph] or RCAF increases, that's been -- we've historically said that's about 17% of our business.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Let me just say this, Chris, in terms of your question, we don't give the specifics in terms of how much business we're negotiating. But just rest assured, we're in constant negotiations across our entire book of business daily. I mean, we talk a lot about the marquee, if you will, legacy renewals, but we don't give specific guidance numbers beyond that, so -- it's just a constant part of our business and a constant part of what we do in our marketing and sales team.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, when we talk about peak season, we typically talk, rough numbers, 10% to 12% improvement in volumes for the peak season vis-à-vis the period of time before the peak season. This year, our current outlook is probably 5% to 8% improvement in volumes, which will be muted from what we typically see, but we think it will be a little stronger than what we've seen last year.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, John. Overall inflation, I'd say, is in the 2% to 3% range overall for us. And as you -- which is down as you know from last year. And our going-in position -- we haven't finalized our 2013 numbers. But I can just tell you this, that our going-in position, just at it is every year, is to offset -- we challenge ourselves to offset inflation with productivity. And there's lumpiness in there and mix will play a role in that, but that's the way we approach it. And if we hit half of that, let's say, that's doing pretty good. And if you look historically, we've achieved above that half, offsetting inflation with productivity. But we'll go in with that kind of mindset.
Robert M. Knight: John, this is Rob again. Roughly 1.5 points of the 4.5% was legacy, and again, that was held back because of the lack of volume in Coal that we talked about. But rough numbers, I'd say about 1.5 points of that.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Sal, well, you've probably heard me say that we're not going to sleep at night until we have 100% of our book of business with adequate fuel surcharge recovery mechanisms in place, and we're not there yet. But we did take a big step forward with the big legacy renewals that we talked about that were both at the end of 2011 and early 2012, and that's what you're seeing the continuation of, here in the second quarter. So I would not expect that once we lap these legacy renewals, that you'll see as big a step forward as you saw in the second quarter. But we would expect it to still move directionally in the right direction because we're not ,at 100% to where we want to be.
Robert M. Knight: We've got capital employees in there as well, including the positive train control. So I mean, directionally -- I can't give an answer, but that's probably not directionally off, Sal.
Justin B. Yagerman: I was curious, as we look at Coal and kind of trend out through the remainder of the year, at this point, if you were assuming normal weather, when do you get to normal stockpiles that your utilities serve? And then, how do you think about, directionality, 2013 volumes? I know this is difficult, but just curious, I mean, from your standpoint, how you're thinking about next year and -- in terms of flat, down or up.
Justin B. Yagerman: So you still see Western coal, I mean, as solidly baseload. You haven't seen permanent switching that you think would impair that growth rate, looking out over the next couple of years.
Justin B. Yagerman: Okay. And then on the export side, there's been a little bit of news with you guys and Peabody. Just curious where you guys are trending right now in terms of exports, and how you think about that business on a go-forward basis.
