Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob and good morning and welcome to Union Pacific’s first quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we discuss our first quarter results, I want to reflect on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The people of Ukraine have had their lives turned upside down and the UP family is holding them close in our thoughts and in our hearts. We have leveraged our resources to help, with a $500,000 donation from our foundation and by matching 2:1, our employees’ gifts to select charities that provide direct aid. I also want to recognize the Union Pacific team for more than their generosity. They are a team dedicated to serving our customers. But recently, our service product has not met our customers’ expectations. You will hear from Eric, we have an action plan in place to recover and it is starting to yield benefits. I am confident in our long-term ability to grow while providing our customers a reliable service product. As they have proven time and again, no matter the challenge, our employees rise to the occasion. Turning to our first quarter results, this morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2022 first quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.57 per share. This compares to first quarter 2021 results of $1.3 billion or $2 per share. Our first quarter operating ratio of 59.4% improved 70 basis points versus 2021. Business development and a robust demand environment drove 4% volume growth in the quarter, coupled with strong pricing gains and the positive business mix. However, our service challenges are contributing to higher costs in the quarter. That performance is also having a real impact on our customers and their ability to serve their markets. We must improve to realize the volume growth we expect this year and into the future. So, let me turn it over to Kenny first for an update on the business environment.
Lance Fritz: And thank you, Jennifer. As Eric mentioned, we have had an uneven start to the year with safety, but we are not deterred. We are in the process of implementing changes to our safety programs as a result of our work with experienced safety consultants. I am confident these changes will be a catalyst for world class safety performance. As you heard from Kenny, demand remains robust as our customers see growth opportunities in their businesses. However, we recognize that for growth to be sustainable, we need a reliable and resilient service product that our customers can depend on. Our strategy begins with serve and it is the foundation for achieving long-term success for all stakeholders. Improving our service product has our full and undivided attention. Current challenges aside, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities that exist this year to win with all of our stakeholders and I am confident that 2022 will be a very successful year. Wrapping up with tomorrow being Earth Day, it feels appropriate to highlight an action we took during the first quarter to protect our planet and advance our journey to net-zero emissions by 2050. In January, we announced plans to purchase 20 battery electric locomotives for use in the yard operations, creating the world’s largest carrier-owned battery fleet in freight service. These locomotives do not use diesel fuel and emit zero emissions. We anticipate the first units will arrive onsite in late 2023 with complete delivery by 2024. With this step, Union Pacific remains a leader on our nation’s path to a sustainable future. So with that, let’s open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Let me get started, and then I’ll ask Eric to add a little detail. We are encouraging our international ocean shipping partners to put more of their international boxes on our railroad to ship inland. As Kenny mentioned, that ratio is still lower than it’s been historically. And they are all working towards adding more of that back into our network. But we’re – we stand ready. The boxes that are pointed at us on dock are not dwelling in an excessive amount of time, and we’d love to have more of those come on to the railroad.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Tom, I would point you back to the KPIs that Eric mentioned. You’ll see the recovery happen. You’ll see it in car velocity that we’d publish every week. You’ll see it in terminal dwell that we publish every week, and you’ll see it in overall inventory.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Jordan thanks for asking that question. So unequivocally, PSR has been a benefit to the railroad, even in our current environment. Let’s go back to what it means. It means we try to touch cars the fewest amount of time necessary to satisfy demand for our customers and the customer need. So we don’t do waste work. That by itself allows us to have excess capacity in both the terminals and in our line of road that we can use for other purposes. We also try to deconstruct our specialized networks where that makes sense so that we can have shared trains that are advancing cars more rapidly than it would otherwise. Unequivocally, when you look even at the way we’re operating right now, when we have gotten into trouble prior to PSR, our operation would be worse, demonstrably worse. And we’ve proven through the last 3 years that when we get into trouble in the PSR environment, we can get out of trouble more readily. Now what’s happening right now is, I’ll blame it on us. Shame on us, we got to a place where we did not have the crew availability for when something went wrong to be able to over resource for a short period of time and get it out of the network. And that’s a tough – it’s not a lesson. It’s a tough situation to be in because we’ve already learned that lesson. So as we look forward, what we have to do is make sure that our business planning processes for resources are rock solid and that we do a better job of making sure that our network and our resources and our plan is tightly coordinated with customers and their need and get them matched up, and match them up over a time frame that is the same as how we can add resources for growth. So yes, unequivocally, PSR is remaining the way to go. It is helping us manage the business right now, and that’s not why we got into trouble.
Lance Fritz: Well, and Jennifer, we also just need to circle back. There is one other predicate on that, and that is we are improving the service product through the quarter and through the back half of the year.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Amit, I don’t think it changes fundamentally our strategy in the domestic intermodal world. The BNSF and J.B. Hunt have always been formidable competitors. And what we’ve done, by adding Knight Swift and Schneider along with having XPO and our long-term partner hub working with us, is we’ve got channel partners that can grow very effectively against that. And when you combine that with our EMP and UMAX program for some of the smaller and midsized IMCs, we are fielding a really talented, very compelling story for BCOs to use us. It is no surprise that our primary competitor in BNSF and their primary partner in Hunt are doubling down on how they approach the market. And candidly, that kind of competition between us, our channel partners and them and their channel partners is fantastic for the users, for the customers of domestic intermodal.
Lance Fritz: And Kenny, I want to brag on your team for a moment. You’re doing really tremendous work on business development, on pure business development, the singles and doubles, where we bring on a customer, we grow with an existing customer through service enhancement and enhancing the overall customer experience. Even in the context of the service issues that we’re facing right now from a service product perspective, behind the scenes, the overall customer experience, we continued to invest in that and continue to make progress.
Lance Fritz: Kenny, why don’t you handle the back half domestic intermodal question, and I’ll get to the STB after you’re done.
Lance Fritz: Yes. And as we improve the service product, Kenny, get that reliable, we’re in great position to take more trucks off the highway. It just makes all the sense in the world, including an ESG perspective. Ravi, your question on the STB hearing clearly, the entire rail industry is in a place where we’re as a collective, not providing the kind of service that our customers demand. The STB appropriately is hearing from customers and want to talk about it. That’s what next week is all about. We’re well prepared for those conversations and to share with the STB how we’re investing and planning to continue to improve and recover and then be stable going forward and reliable and consistent. And I think that’s going to be a great opportunity to have that discussion. We’re going to encourage the STB not to make rush or knee-jerk decisions in this environment. There are some things on their docket that I would guess, I would imagine, somebody will advocate as solutions. And that from our perspective, this is all about getting our labor right, getting utilization right, making sure the other resources are ready and then executing. It’s not much more complex than that right now.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Walter, we take a great exception to anyone that points at our historic track record and says we are under investing in our railroad, right, when you spend $3 billion, $4 billion a year, that’s not under-investing. And look at the statistics, look at the facts. You go back 4 years or 5 years, we would have 800 or 900 trains on our network at any given time. Today, we are overloaded by plan at 700. That number should really be 600. And our network has had incremental investment put into it. That’s what I mean by making sure we have excess resources. We have done that through the implementation of PSR in terms of, we have excess terminal capacity that we can use by having mothballed certain terminals that we no longer needed in the T-plan. We have got plenty of line-of-road capacity that we can use, and we continue to invest there so that we can continue to grow out efficiency, safety, productivity and growth in targeted areas. So, when I am talking like that, I am really talking about the more fungible resources like crews and locomotives. And locomotives were in great shape, right. We have a strategy where we have at-the-ready locomotives positioned around the network, so that we can fire them up when they are needed and then put them back once we have gotten out of the situation. So, it’s really – to your point, Walter, it’s really back down to crews. Historically, we have had boards, alternative work and training service boards where we would be able to have people not going to furlough but go into kind of a quasi status where they are still getting paid, they are still getting resources from us, their benefits package in its entirety. And that allows us to call them back more quickly if something happens in a demand profile that we didn’t expect. We need to get back to a place where we have got those kinds of resources available to us, and we are looking at all of those. But job one that we talked about, first and foremost, is making sure we get crew utilization and crew availability and total crewing right, so that we can handle the volume we have got in front of us and the growth that’s coming.
Lance Fritz: Walter, I am an optimist, and I am hopeful that the facts, which support what I just talked about, speak to the STB. And we are effective at communicating that.
Lance Fritz: I would guess, Kenny, given the growth that we are seeing first through Knight-Swift, then with Schneider and the continued growth of Hub, it’s probably fair to say the ratio of privates versus EMP, UMAX on us grows towards the private side.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Brian, I would just reiterate what our concerns are. It really boils down to three things that we think we need remedies for. The first is for our customers to continue to enjoy the kind of access they have to and from Mexico we need certainty on price that’s competitive from the border into Mexico. We think about that like prop rates. Second, we need to maintain what we have today with the KCS, and that is fair treatment, equal treatment at the border crossings on the bridge. And third, the KCS and CP have talked about a significant spike in converting truck to train and moving it on our trackage rights through Houston. Houston is a congested area. It’s a – it’s not congested in a bad way. It’s a high-volume area that requires a lot of attention. If you introduce another 8 or 10 trains a day into that network in a rapid period without having the capital in place first, it will tilt Houston, and we can’t accept that. So, we want to make sure that if they are going to execute that plan and it’s going to increase the amount of train traffic through Houston, the capital is spent in advance, so it doesn’t crater Houston as a result.
Lance Fritz: That’s hard to nail down and give you a number right now. All I would say is we are concerned and deeply engaged with the STB to help them understand what reciprocal switching – we will call it forced open access, could do and what it couldn’t do. It is not a wholesale remedy to, for instance, remedy fix current supply chain problems, right. What forced open access would do is we put switching in places where it isn’t right now. It would increase dwell time on freight cars. And those are two things that we absolutely don’t need. Now that’s not to say that there can be a circumstance where it might make sense for somebody, and it already does exist in very limited areas where we have agreed with other railroads that a reciprocal switch is needed or where the STB has mandated it through conditions on previous transactions. So, we continue to work with the STB to help them understand our concerns, what – how it could help, how it couldn’t help and then get to a place where, if there is action taken, it’s sensible.
Lance Fritz: And Kenny, in that context, the heat of that market doesn’t look like it did the last super strong cycle we had in places, like the Permian and the Eagle Ford. There seems to be a little bit more discipline on capital spending, and they are slower in walking up production.
Lance Fritz: Alright. Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for engaging with us this morning and for your questions. We are looking forward to talking with you again in July to discuss our second quarter results. Until then, take care.
Kenny Rocker: Thanks, Kenny and good morning. As I will discuss in greater detail in a few minutes, our service is not to a level that meets expectations and we acknowledge the impact that deteriorated service levels are having on our customers. We are implementing plans to restore network fluidity and build a safer, more reliable and resilient network. Safety results have been mixed to start the year as we implement enhancements to our safety programs through partnerships and guidance from our external safety consultant. We remain focused on achieving world class safety performance. We value the health and the safety of our employees above all and want all employees to return home safely each day. Now, let’s review our key performance metrics for the quarter, starting on Slide 9. Freight car velocity and the related trip plan compliance measures were lower relative to 2021. Coming into the year, the network was in a more fluid state, seeing improvements in operating metrics and crew availability from reduced COVID infections. In late February, however, while the network was still fragile, episodic events challenge the team and our service product. This led to both decreased velocity and an increase in freight car inventory, particularly private cars, as resources were added to counteract sluggish service and meet growing customer demands. Turning now to Slide 10 although the overall network performance muted most of our efficiency metrics, we continue to operate a more efficient rail network compared to pre-PSR levels. Locomotive productivity declined 6% compared to first quarter 2021 due to locomotive utilization during the quarter. To assist and recover in the network, we also brought additional units online, further impacting our productivity results. First quarter workforce productivity improved 5% to a record 1,056 daily miles per FTE. We continue to hire for growth and normal attrition throughout the network. In 2021, we graduated over 250 new transportation employees with almost 400 employees graduated to-date in 2022. We have a strong training pipeline of roughly 500 employees as we work closer towards our goal of onboarding around 1,400 employees this year. We have, however, been challenged across the Northern region at several locations to meet our hiring targets. And we continue to work with our workforce resources partners to increase our hiring pools in those locations. Train length is essentially flat compared to one year ago. While continued soft international intermodal volumes present a headwind to train length initiatives, we continue to advance train length for coal and manifest trains, which both grew compared to first quarter 2021. These productivity efforts are key to enabling us to recover the network and deliver a better service product for our customers. Turning to Slide 11 and a discussion on our path forward, this chart illustrates the current state of operations. Our operating car inventory levels rose over 20% since the beginning of the year, while our 7-day volume levels remained relatively flat week to week. We are at an inflection point and more critical action is needed. Our terminals remained fluid and our focus on improving over-the-road operations and reducing the number of active trains on the network will ease mainline congestion. To accomplish this, we are taking actions on all fronts by selectively increasing network resources, collaborating with our unions, adjusting transportation plans and working proactively with customers to reduce the private car inventory buildup. The entire team is dedicated to returning the network to a more fluid operating state. Looking beyond some of today’s issues, our goal is to build a more resilient and consistent network to meet the growth needs of our customers. With that, I will turn it over to Jennifer to review our financial performance.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Hey, Ken. We sent out a letter to all of our customers. And so that gave us commercially an opportunity to have a conversation with all of our customers and make them aware of what we are trying to accomplish. I want to thank our commercial team and thank the customers for having those engaging conversations. We work with Eric’s team to ensure we had really good data-driven conversations with the customers that could give us the best opportunity to reduce the railcar inventory. And so we have done that. Trust me there have been some difficult conversations. But I will tell you, I have been very encouraged with the initial response from our customers and their willingness to reduce their railcar inventory. So we will continue to have those discussions. We will continue to engage them and be transparent and utilize data.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Thanks, Chris. You’ve set aside some of the macro things that we’re delving on. We’re keeping an eye on the inflation rates that are out there. Obviously, there have been some ups and starts with COVID disruptions in China. But when I look across each of our business teams, it’s a very optimistic story. You look at our coal business, we talked about the two wins. None of us would have predicted that natural gas prices are as high as they are and are going to sustain where they are. Our grain business has been very strong. Last year was very strong. I tell you, the upside there is on the biofuels market and the grain products area, which is great. And then as we look throughout the rest of the year, we expect that export fertilizer demand will stay there. On the industrial side, really same story, I mean we have got some business development wins, but we’ve also just got some structural things that are helping us out. Metals has been very strong. There have been some expansions on the plastic side. Those markets are still recovering and have been very strong. We will keep an eye on housing starts. The inventories are still low. There is still a backlog of houses that need to be built, so our lumber and our paper business has been strong. And then on the premium side, our auto parts and finished vehicles business still is not where it should be. It’s improving. We talk to some customers. Car dealership inventories are around 24, 25 days. We see that improving as we move throughout the year. On our international intermodal side, the amount that’s going IPI has improved or improved in the first quarter. We had some customers in here recently. We’re expecting them to turn on more of that volume. So the things that we can control, we feel really good about – domestic intermodal has been up, as I mentioned in my commentary. So from what we can control, we feel good about. We just got to keep an eye on some of these other things that are out of our control.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Thanks, Ravi. A couple of questions there, and it sounds like demand and also the pricing environment. We’re about 40%, almost close to halfway through our bid sessions on the domestic side, and it’s been favorable versus last year. Last year was also a pretty a strong, solid year. Now the spot rates have gone down here recently. So we’ve got to keep an eye on that. But I’ll tell you, the overall demand has not changed. And so we’re going to continue to look at that over the next a few weeks as we’re in those competitive bids. Again, we brought on the night swift business, but we do have more volume that coming on as we look at the back half of the year. The other thing is that we just need the supply chain to work itself out. Chassis dwell is still not really where it should be. The dwell of containers is not really where it should be. So we will see some improvement there. And then you made some comments about our primary competitor in the West. And I want to echo what Lance said. The pie is much larger than the primary competitors in the West. And we’ve had so much investment as you look at the ramps in Inland Empire, Twin Cities, everything we’re doing with GPS. We want to compete with truck, and that’s what we’re focused on.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I mean we feel really good about our strategy to go in and invest in our equipment that we have out there with EMP and UMAX. I talked about the GPS earlier. You have heard me talk about the chassis investment. We see that we can win across the board. We can win with the private asset side and with the IMC community, and we want to grow that pie. And so that’s how we are thinking about it. As other private asset carriers are out there, we will engage them on their strategy. But clearly, we don’t want to put any limits on anything that would inhibit growth.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. We have a number of customers that have always wanted to know where we are on ESG and sustainability component. And we are seeing in the RFPs and the formal RFP more focus there. Those customers are typically in the petrochem area, more customers that have – that are, I will call them, consumer-facing type customers. So, we do know that it’s in their methodology. I will tell you the other thing is that our commercial team is sitting down with our customers and walking through the value that we provide by them moving Union Pacific and actually selling that. So, yes, it’s more awareness on the customer part and more proactive engagement from our commercial team to fill that as part of our value proposition.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. The – I mean I think you hit it on the head, I would say. And I am looking at Eric as I say that we feel good about the condition of our intermodal network as it stands today. We have been working very closely with the customers to make sure that we have a really clear forecast of what’s coming towards us. We have been through the technology where we can to do that. But yes, these tough are out of China. We have got to keep an eye on it because there is going to be another slug of containers that are coming to us.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Thanks a lot, Ben. Yes, on the coal side, again, you have got two different things. You have got some business development wins and you also have the natural gas prices. Certainly, we didn’t predict last year that the natural gas prices would be in the $7 range. And as it stands here today, I will tell you, I – it’s encouraging that, that forecast is throughout the rest of the year. As we talk to our customers, we don’t see that they have made any capital investment per se in terms of trying to get more of that out of the ground. But we do know that they have done quite a bit of hiring to get more utility and get more product out. And so we are working with them on that, and we stay very connected with Eric’s team from a forecast perspective. And then yes, I understand your perspective with petroleum. And what you should think about is just a part of that, that’s not here this year is our crude oil business. And those spreads between Canada and call it, the Gulf for Texas are just not where it should be. And so that’s the impact that you are seeing there. We do see, to your point, the drilling show up in other commodities. We are seeing a lot of drilling pipe, OCTG, that’s moving. I talked about the frac sand. There are some other industrial chemicals that go into the drilling process that we are seeing. So, that’s where that’s showing up on our railroad.
Kenny Rocker: It’s interesting that you would bring that up on the international intermodal side. It’s hard to tell what’s going to be a one-off versus a permanent change from, I will call it, directional shipment of international intermodal. We have worked with an international carrier here where we do have a move that’s coming East to West. And so we are excited about that move. And again, we will see what happens there from a permanent basis. Yes, I believe that some of the global disruptions will make our customers think about where they source from. And we are hearing more conversations about near-shoring. We have not seen those investments to really mirror those conversations. And then as you – I think the last question was about the Ukraine and those thoughts there, we are always talking to our customers about solutions that we can provide them. So, when you think about the six border access, Mexico is clearly one. I just gave you an example of going from East to West. We still feel very good about our products moving off the West Coast, and we have got really solid relationship from anything that wants to come out of Canada. So, we are prepared. We have got $600 million in investment on our intermodal network. So, we are prepared for more growth.
Eric Gehringer: Yes, John. Thank you for the question. And to your point, right now, we have 1,400 people planned for hiring this year. We are on pace to do that. And we feel like based on how we forecast not only the volume we have now, but also the growth that, that’s exactly how many we need to hire. Now, when you think about recovering the system, I mean, that’s bullet number one. You have got to charge pipeline. And as Lance said, we’ve done that. I go then beyond that, and I focus on crews that we have today, and are we being judicious with the use of those crews? You heard Jennifer state, we have opportunities in things like recrewing over time. Those are at the forefront of our efforts right now. Third, I’d go down to locomotives. As you look at the locomotive fleet in the Union Pacific right now, we have the appropriate amount of locomotives on the system. We have opportunities to use them more productively, but they are the right number of locomotives. Then I go down to the transportation plan changes that we’ve made. Those changes have been very specific and targeted towards eliminating the excess inventory off of the system. And then finally, we closed out with where Kenny started, working with our customers in partnership with them to reduce private car inventory. The faster we do all five of those, John, some of which have already been done, the faster we recover the system, and that’s what everyone is focused on right now.
Eric Gehringer: And Brandon, when we look at that at a specific terminal perspective, Lance is exactly right. We not only have dwell right where we need it to be, it’s a solid performance, especially relative to last year. But we also have excess capacity in those terminals. So as we continue to get more volume, we can handle that. Now we still want to be ready for that. So we have continued to put excess resources and an at-the-ready status. So they are not active, but they are available in the L.A. Basin. So as those surges come, we can handle them efficiently.
Eric Gehringer: I think you’ve covered it exactly right. We would be most focused on those leading indicators of terminal dwell, car velocity, train velocity and operating inventory. And that’s what we report publicly, so whenever you can continue to see that progress that we will be making a week after week.
Eric Gehringer: No, we haven’t guided to a specific time line. I would reinforce the fact that as we see the hiring pipeline, we’re getting about 100 crews every single month. Those 100 crews are incredibly important to the recovery. But so are the other four things that I listed. So what you should know is right now, everyone is focused on that and they are focused on how do we do that as quickly as possible.
Eric Gehringer: Yes. So, thank you for the question. David, we will have the capacity to be able to host that additional volume. Now as we have been working through the on-boarding process, that’s part of that process is to ensure that we are making the necessary investments. And it’s not always capital investments. Oftentimes, it’s just process improvements. For example, considering the fact of Knight-Swift and Schneider now having their own chassis, and how do we think about that and optimize our terminals to account for that? When I am out on the railroad, I see the output of those efforts. When I see us getting near completion on our G4 gantry cranes, when I see us buy an additional lift equipment, the work that we are doing on the Inland Empire and the Twin Cities Intermodal Terminal, those are all in response, not just Knight-Swift and Schneider, but to the entire volume and growth that we see coming and being ready for all of our customers to benefit from that.
Eric Gehringer: Yes. So, Brian, as you think about the recovery and what are we doing to de-risk that, I would first start off with just the basic fundamentals of, we are coming out of winter. We are coming out of a period of time where we have seen higher variability. As we come into spring, it’s a period of time in which we have been more consistent, especially with the impact of weather. Second, we have mentioned it a couple of times, but it’s really the most important thing as we sit here right now. If you look at previous times of service challenges, it’s been in our terminals. We have been able to get the volume to the terminals, but then the volume in the terminal starts to slow the terminal. That’s not the case right now. The case right now is that we have fluid terminals, both our large terminals, our serving yards and our locals getting to customers. That must stay that way. So, the way we think about bringing trains into the terminals and landing them on time, but also properly space so we can handle it, so we don’t get a backlog. That’s de-risking it. If you look at another way as we talked about crews, we are in the crew-preserving mode right now. We want to make sure that every crew we call counts. One of the ways we do that is with train length. So, if you go back all the way to January, we were sitting around 9,000 feet on a system average. We added 200 feet to that in January, another 200 feet in February and March and another 150 feet year-to-date. That’s de-risking the recovery. That’s ensuring that we are taking every opportunity we can to minimize the number of trains out on line of road. So, it’s all activities like that, and that’s what the entire team is focused on.
Eric Gehringer: And one of our biggest opportunities that we have been leveraging really for now almost a full year is we are active members on the White House Working Committee that allows us to interact with all the different stakeholders on the West ports. And what it is providing us is even better transparency into different events that are happening up chain that it comes down to us, it allows us to understand weeks, sometimes months out, on who we have to think about resourcing for that. And we will continue to be active in that because it continues to help the entire industry out in the West Coast.
Eric Gehringer: Sure. Yes. Cherilyn, so if we look at our – I want to speak specifically to Chicago first, but the same would be true as we look at Memphis and as we look at even New Orleans. Right now, those all remain fluid from an intermodal perspective. That doesn’t mean that we don’t work through challenges on a day-to-day basis as we work through interchange issues. But we have strong relationships with the other carriers. We work through those issues. And right now, I am very happy with where those terminals are. If we were asking about one I am most focused on, it’s just simply New Orleans, and it’s always one that we are focused on the most because it’s such a tight amount of track and operations in a really small area, but otherwise, no concerns at this point.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. Excuse me, thanks, Justin, for that question. I believe you are thinking about it correctly. It really is going to be – we’ve got to make improvements sequentially in the second quarter and then really leverage that back half as we see stronger volume growth and have greater operational fluidity to be able to hit those targets. Obviously, fuel, we’re assuming some moderation there, but that’s really the operational performance. And the leverage to that volume growth that we know is there, the robust demand that Kenny talked about, I think that’s very important. Now I also have to acknowledge that second quarter of last year was our best quarter ever as a company. And so that’s going to be a very tough comparison for us. And in fact, I would be remiss to say that we think we’re going to see improvement in the second quarter, but sequentially on a year-over-year basis. But sequentially, we should improve, and that will lead to greater improvement in the back half.
Jennifer Hamann: That’s really going to depend on the pace of the recovery. And – but I do think when we talked about volumes for the year, again, the first half was going to be driven by the bulk and industrial and the second half was going to be driven by more of that intermodal recovery and automotive recovery. While I think that’s still largely the case, and you heard Kenny talk about the fact that there are some, I’ll say, a little bit of headwinds or potential headwinds in terms of the international intermodal and the automotive recovery with what’s happened in Ukraine and China. But you also have stronger natural gas prices into the back half of the year. So that’s going to support that coal growth. So I still think you have that dynamic of a stronger second half overall in volume than you do in the first half. And in terms of Q2, we just need to really get the network fluid and try to move as much demand that sits there.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So let me hit your first question there, Scott, in terms of sequentially. So the pricing environment continues to be very robust. There is really – that demand environment is there. But you do have – sequentially, the mix is negative going from fourth quarter to first quarter. And that’s really mix within mix. So yes, bulk and industrial are up intermodal or the premium piece is still down. But when you look at where the growth was on the bulk side, it really was coal, very strong coal growth. But when you look at the arcs relative to the other components of bulk, coal has the lowest arc. So you’ve got that mix within mix impact. And you have a similar story within the industrial side when you look at where the growth was, and industrial strong across the board with the exception of Petroleum, but some of the strongest growth in metals, and that also has your lowest average revenue per car within that group. So that is the story in terms of the yield sequentially. When you look to the OR, fuel is certainly a headwind, but we see that headwind lessening through the year from an OR impact. And so we are looking at both the fuel and the operational performance, but the volume leverage. And that’s the piece that I think maybe I need to stress the most with you all. And that’s the piece that’s within our control and the piece that we’re working very diligently on, when we see stronger volumes coming in the second half, being able to leverage those very well with perhaps a little bit better mix. If you continue to have that industrial growth coming in a little bit stronger, I think that’s how you get to the revised OR guidance.
Jennifer Hamann: It’s the latter that you say there. It’s really a stabilization in the fuel price. And so we’re catching up. And the fuel was going up a little bit in the second half of last year. So it’s taking those two things together, Scott.
Jennifer Hamann: No, that’s a good clarifying question, Amit. When we talk to the incrementals, we’re always talking about it in terms of normalizing for that fuel price. So that’s comparable to the 56 that we reported here in the first quarter.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So I mean, we do still see the price of fuel being a headwind in terms of our OR. As I talked to Scott, we see that lessening through the course of the year, but we don’t see that OR impact flipping and being a tailwind to our OR. So your math that you said in terms of the last three quarters of the year in terms of OR, I don’t know that I would necessarily agree with that. That seems fairly aggressive. But it is about seeing a stability in the fuel prices, which does allow the fuel surcharge, obviously, to catch up a bit.
