James Young: Thanks, Rob. As we look ahead into the new year, we're encouraged by the signs of a fully strengthening economy. Economic indicators all generally point to growth in 2011. And if the jobs picture starts to improve, that could drive even greater strength through a more confident consumer base.  Union Pacific is well positioned to serve the total transportation needs of our customers as we focus on becoming a more fully integrated part of their supply chain. Excellent service is a key to our future success, supporting our pricing initiatives and helping us improve asset utilization. Our capital investment strategy will be another key part of UP's success going forward. We're making investments today, building capacity for tomorrow. We believe very strongly in the opportunities for improving financial returns, and the roughly $3.2 billion in capital investment we plan for 2011 is really a down payment on our ability to keep driving returns higher in the future.  Following 2010's record performance, it is clear that the bar is raised in terms of future expectations. What we achieved last year is now the floor, and we're setting our sights higher. We're confident in our ability to make continuous improvement in all facets of our business. So with that, let's open it up to your questions.
James Young: We don't give guidance on the spending other than there are some items there that as Rob outlined are under pressure. But the key to me is that's what's so important about our productivity initiatives. And I'm confident. We committed long term to a very good improvement in our operating ratio. And we've got to offset those. So while you're seeing a little pressure in there, I'm very confident. Our efficiency, it also reinforces the need in terms of our pricing, in terms of offsetting some of these costs that we’ve got to more than offset them in terms of moving our margins in the right direction.
James Young: Well, remember our commitment is real price long term. So that says we have to offset the inflation and other factors in here. Also keep in mind that many of our agreements are tied to escalators. So if you see a little pickup in inflation, you're going to recoup some of that to your escalators. So again, we've got some challenges there, but the task for our team is more than offset them. I mean, Rob...
James Young: Cheryl, there's another factor to think about when you think about moving product on the highway. I think most folks believe diesel fuel prices will be higher next year. I mean, if you look at the curve, they are. So that brings added pressure on the cost to move it on the highway. Our discussion with many of our trucking partners indicates they have a very strong interest in improving the amount of business they move intermodaly. So again, the key for our industry and for UP in particular is to provide great service.
James Young: Matt, there's no secret when you look at our Intermodal business line. It was one that had pretty substantial impact from old legacy contracts, and as we've moved forward, we've been able to really take more of the market price into those deals. So that drives one. But secondly, our service. When you look at the new products we've put in place and the Customer Satisfaction Index, it reflects value that customers are willing to pay. There's no question in that market about the equation between service, price and value to the customer. So I think again, it reflects what we've been talking about for a long time and our ability in terms of both legacy and getting service improved.
James Young: Well, fuel surcharge clearly is part of that, but that was also part of the issue before, that we were unable to really recover changes in fuel price. So all that comes into the equation. Again, the most important thing to me is really to provide great service and new products into that market that the customers really value.
James Young: Well, Scott, I think it's going to be a great opportunity for our industry to tell a very positive story. If you look at what the first hearing is, I think, looking at exemptions. The second one is also related to looking at access. To me, it's, again, a capability to look at an industry that, as the financial returns have improved, the industry has returned a significant amount of profits, put it back into new investments long term. So I'm looking forward to that discussion that's out here. I think the issue in exemptions and competition, there's just no question. There's very strong competition in this industry. Look, I'll give you an example. If you look at what's happening with all water moves around through the canal, that market share on the East Coast, I think, went from about 4% or 5%. Today, it's 20%. That's hundreds of millions of dollars of business that used to move on railroads that now moves on water. So I think the STB -- and it may be appropriate at this point in time, you're saying record returns and financial results, they have a discussion. But I will also tell you a part of this is they have to be very careful. When you bring in and you know the story, when you look at the replacement cost issue this industry has, there's very little room to get it wrong. So we're prepared. Again, I think you've got a hugely successful story to tell, and you don't see what happens.
James Young: Well, Bill, I'm not going to give you a specific number, but I think the margins will continue to be very good in this industry at UP. As Lance mentioned, we still have assets out there that are not deployed at this point, so any incremental revenue del [ph] you bring in those should have nice margins. And we've said consistently, if you recall, you look back at last year when we had so many excess assets, that probably wasn't sustainable. But I feel pretty good, in fact, I feel real good where we're at in terms of margins this year.
James Young: Well, to me, the productivity piece is the most important focus here, and I do expect that. And Rob actually had said that, that as our employee count grows, we should be able to lever that and see our productivity continue to improve.
James Young: Ken, you can do the math, and Rob and his team would cut it a lot of different ways on replacement costs. But even on a depreciated new kind of methodology says that if you take our returns today at about half, you take that 10.8 and cut in half. So again, we continue to try to educate Washington on the replacement cost issue. I also like to think about cash flow returns. I think in this industry, with the capital intensity, you've got to look at cash flows, so we'll reiterate that story. But the fact of the matter is we've got a $3.2 billion capital investment this year which will be a record investment for us. We will reduce -- I will cut that budget if we see our ability to grow these returns from where we are today in terms of regulations. You just can't justify that spend on where you're at today with return on capital. We're making an investment for where we think the returns can be out here two, three, four, five years from now.
James Young: And John, as we talked about, we're making investments, so we're trying to look at it two, three, four years from now. We've got a project here in Nebraska called the Blair project, which is replacing some bridges, expanding some double track. There's a long lead time there. That's a two-, three-year type of project. And the bottom line there, you reduce miles, you improve service. We've got a project we're looking at -- the bridge at the Mississippi River, Clinton, Iowa. That's a four-year kind of project. Now there's not much money in this year, but again, what we are -- because the lead times, unfortunately, when you think about capacity expansion, are a lot of cases a couple of years at a minimum.
James Young: Well, when you think about -- let's talk about the priorities in place here. Our position has been from day one, if you're going to mix high-speed passenger -- now keep in mind, we're talking about a 110 mile an hour Class 6 kind of railroad when you talk about high-speed, that you've got to serve both. We've got to protect freight. You've got to protect the passenger operation. That's been a tenet of the planning from day one. In terms of investment and maintenance, the cost of running the operations can be borne by the user, which, in this case, is the federal government and the state government, both in the initial investment and long term.
James Young: No. John, at the end of the day, I would prefer not to mix passenger and freight. I think when you think about where the philosophy in this country of how we deal with infrastructure problems, how you move more business from highway to rail long term. But we've got a project. There’s been very good negotiations, and at the end of the day, I don't think I'm confident we can make it work.
James Young: Scott, I think keep in mind there's no assurance that the economy's going to grow and continue on the positive, although again, our view of the economy is slow growth. But if this thing turns down, we take advantage of the attritions. I think if you look backwards from where we were, when you're treading 3,000 to 4,000 people a year, you can manage your force counts much better.
James Young: Yes. When you look out to over the next three, four years, let's assume the economy stays in a positive line, we're going to be hiring anywhere between 3,500 and 4,500 employees a year.
James Young: That's a great question, Chris. In fact, next week, we've got a meeting at the White House, the CEOs in our industry, and on the agenda will be how we see regulations that are impacting growth and investment, and positive train control, I think, is poster child. And as you know, the math, the FRA alone did their own cost benefit and said, "For every $22 we spend, we get $1 worth of benefits. That makes no sense." So we are looking forward to the discussion in terms of the impact of regulations on our industry.
James Young: Well, Walter, we're not going to buy a truck company. But we do focus some of our capital in terms of the full logistics chain. Examples would be technology development that's out here. Other examples could be where you look at the acquisition even of equipment, where you think about being a full-service provider for our customer. You've probably seen the ads we've been running. And if you look backwards, we did a lot of market research before we ran those ads, and it wouldn't surprise you that talking with potential customers or folks that would use rail, we had a lot of perspective that -- I'll give you an example. In many cases, logistics managers had a thought that if they didn't have a rail outside their warehouse, they couldn't use railroads, and we clearly -- that reinforced for us our push on trying to be a full-service provider. Our subsidiary called EP Distribution Services can provide the full-service to a customer where they want to do rail, they want to do intermodal, they want to do trucking, they want to do warehousing. So it's not a huge investment, capitalwise, that's out here, but it's clearly something we're focused on and are having some very good success.
James Young: Walter, I think what we're focused on internally is generating the cash. I mean, making certain we're putting the right investment balance for growth, and it's a disciplined process in terms of our capital, the way we look at it. Generate the cash, and then that gives us that flexibility in terms of listening to our shareholders how that balance works. I mean, where we -- clearly, in talking with shareholders, given what's happened the last two, three years, some of the perspectives are changing. And again, my goal here and the goal of this team is to generate that cash and put us in that position that we've got to make those decisions.
James Young: And I think the other thing to keep in mind here is we obviously learned what happens if you're not prepared when you look back at 2003 or '04. But we learned a lot from that. That's why we -- the importance of understanding your surge capacity that's out here, why hiring in advance and training, while that may seem obvious to you. You're hiring people today, that it takes a minimum six months to get an employee on the ground, so we've got to keep ahead of that. The other thing is we've never been in a better position, I think, to control our volume and the impact in the network, a lot of the technology tools we have, the contracts we have, so I feel -- I won't say we won't have some challenges if you get a surge, but we're nowhere near it when you think about where it would really be detrimental to the network.
James Young: Well, again, we spent -- if you look at 2010, we spent about $90 million. We're at $250 million this year. So there's a substantial increase. We've got a very programmed approach in terms of how we make these investments by corridor. It would likely kick up a little bit next year going forward here, but there's a lot of ground that needs to be covered here in terms of the effectiveness of technology, the footprint that comes into play and how you think about what corridor. So let's use $250 million this year with some upside next year on PTC.
James Young: Gary, the other thing when you think about leverage here, think about this. We have capacity investments up into the Powder River Basin that's set between UP and [indiscernible] to handle over 400 million tons a year, 425 million tons a year. And if you look at what -- UP handled about 250 million tons this year, which is far below where we were at the peak, which I think was around 270 million, 275 million. So you've got not only -- when you think about the operational opportunity, we've got a huge investment that we're depreciating on the books today that we're levered as we add volume.
James Young: Well, thanks for joining us today. We look forward to our call here three months out, and I hope you heard we're feeling pretty good about this year. Again, I think the economy is showing some positive signs for us, and we're prepared to handle it and perform for our shareholders. So again, thank you for joining us.
Robert Knight: One of the points, Tom, as you know, remember that the legacy renewals are kind of back-end loaded this year. So you can't really straight-line the pricing assumptions if you look year-over-year.
Robert Knight: Chris, we didn't break out the mix to the fuel, but there was a slight lag on the earnings in the fourth quarter as a result of the rising fuel price. And of course, as you know, just the sheer math of that had a drag of about a point on our operating ratio as well.
Robert Knight: Just to clarify, our total capital spending in 2010 was just above $2.5 billion. Cash on the books as, Matt, you pointed out was over $1 billion, and our plan for capital spending in 2011 is somewhere around that $3.2 billion. So you're right, we're increasing the capital. And our approach beyond the capital spend is to continue, as we have, to have a balanced approach. We're going to seed where the returns are there, make the right investments in the business in that capital program. We like to have a continuous dividend increase, and with cash available beyond that, continue to be opportunistic as we have been on share repurchases. So no shift in our thinking in that line.
Robert Knight: Scott, what we said is around, and it's an estimate at this point in time, around 4,000 mostly for attrition and some assumption for volume growth. And the attrition is pretty much throughout the year, I mean there's no particular time frame when all that occurs. It's pretty steady throughout the year. And that's an attrition rate of 7%, 8%-ish, in terms of what our historical run rate has been on attrition, and we'll see if that plays out. That's our assumption at this point in time. And as I pointed out, the piece that’s related to volume growth, we do expect as volume returns that headcount will increase, but not at the same rate. So we'll have productivity in there as volume comes back.
Robert Knight: But just to reiterate, whether or not our total workforce count number is higher in 2011, will be dependent on volumes.
Robert Knight: A little bit of both, but I'm not speaking to the other rails, but we've got -- there's lots of ins and outs in that category. And as I mentioned, our casualty line item, while we continue to make progress on our safety, for example, and we will, we have had great progress, and as Lance pointed out, that's a focus, clearly, we'll continue to focus on. But given the way the actuarial study adjustments work, we would expect that in 2011, the good news coming from those studies will be less than the good news that we've seen over the last couple of years, as an example. And I pointed out operating taxes. We fully expect those to go up, and the reason for that is generally speaking, the way operating taxes work within our territory is based on five years of earnings. And because we're earning more, if you lop off an earlier period when we were earning less, and now we're adding a year where you're earning more, so that drives our operating taxes higher. Volume, of course, is also in that category, volume-related expenses, and those we fully anticipate and hope will be on the positive side.
Robert Knight: In 2010, the benefit from bonus depreciation was around $100 million. 2011 might be a little stronger because A, a higher capital spend, and B, we got 100% depreciation for 2011. So we expect that to be stronger in 2011.
Robert Knight: You know, Walter, we haven't established a set payout ratio. We want it to be competitive. High-30s in the industry is kind of on the high-end, and -- high-20s, excuse me, nearly 30. And we want to have a consistent dividend increase, and we have a competitive dividend, and as I mentioned earlier, continue to be opportunistic with other cash that we generate for the business in terms of share buyback.
Robert Knight: Those are all factors that we consider, but we don't have a set target that we're going to play out there.
Robert Knight: Yes, Scott, the challenges that we have on the comp and benefit line, as I pointed out, we don't expect it to be as great as in 2010, but we do have some pressures. For example, in addition to the normal wage and health and welfare, and I'd characterize those as being normal inflationary pressures, we have, as you pointed out, we have pension expense and unemployment tax hurdles that will hit that line item. And that's why we think there'll be pressure on that line item.
John Koraleski: Sure. Cherilyn, if you look at the International side, we saw a nice pickup year-over-year in the International because that business was down. And when you look at the Domestic comparison, it doesn't look quite as large, but last year, actually, our Domestic Intermodal business actually improved year-over-year. So if you look at the numbers, they kind of look like that. Going forward into 2011, right now, our International business is actually a little stronger than what we thought it would be. If the consumer demand stays with us and the economic activity stays in a positive framework, we think we'll see another year of continued improvement on the International Intermodal side, and that'll be good for us. On the Domestic side, box availability was an issue in 2010. It will be less of an issue in 2011. We believe we're going to add a little bit to our fleet. And we should see solid improvement. Our highway conversions are going well. Our new sales efforts with some of the customers that primarily rely on truck have been going great guns for us. So with some additional boxes available for our Intermodal fleet, we should see solid progress in 2011. We think it'll be probably one of our strongest growth avenue.
John Koraleski: Yes, I think the jury’s really still out on some of that. You look at CFA 2010, if you look at the impacts, what it says is -- what it's going to do is eventually drive the poor-performing drivers out of the market. Some people have estimated that could be as high as 400,000 drivers. That would be a real plus for us. One of the other issues, it does is it'll pinpoint which companies are the poorer performers, which will no doubt drive their insurance costs higher. And the other odd kind of a thing if you stop and think about it, some of the best drivers will probably be more in demand, which could mean they get paid more. So all of those things, trucking costs go up, capacity gets tighter, and all of those with our great service performance, the value proposition we have for our customers, says we should see solid growth. It's kind of hard to see when for sure it's going to hit, but it certainly does strengthen our outlook as opposed to causing concern.
John Koraleski: Chris, at any one point in time, we have about 70% to 75% of our business under either single-year or multiyear contracts, and the escalations are set in place. We're probably not going to tell you specifically how those escalations line up in terms of pricing. But I would tell you that some of them include legacy renewals, so you'll see some pretty significant price increases. Others, more or less inflationary adjustments and things like that. But it's typically, at any point in time, about 70% to 75% of our business under contract.
John Koraleski: The Intermodal question, I think we're going to continue to see an improvement in International business in 2011. I don't think it's normalizing or flattening out. I think we'll see that.
John Koraleski: Yes. It's kind of hard to tell how the ocean carriers will view that, Scott. It really will enter into the marketplace in terms of what do they have for back haul opportunities, how tight the market is. Typically, their view of the world is if the International business coming into the United States is really tight, they'll unload right at the port into a domestic box, and then they'll shoot their boxes back without getting a backload. The other opportunity, as you know, we're seeing a lot of stuffing with things like backhauls for DDGS. And there's even some more interesting products, scrap paper, somebody even was discussing some heavier materials than that. So I think it will depend a lot on the market, but I think we'll be okay.
John Koraleski: I would say they're about on target to maybe a day or two ahead, but not -- they're about where they should be on a normal range.
John Koraleski: Bill, I think we're still below what would be historically considered normal. If you look at the retail to inventory ratios, we're still tracking below what would have been the historical levels prior to the 2008 meltdown. So I think we still have some inventory replenishment upside. I think customers are being very careful before taking on a load of inventory. They want to make sure that they see that the economic recovery is sustainable and improving, but I still think we do have upside.
John Koraleski: Ken, we've seen an increase in discussion. I haven't actually seen an increase in the movement of coal yet. We're watching it pretty carefully. Still a lot of discussion and activity about port capacity on the west that would allow us, actually, to potentially move some coal off the West Coast. But we really not have seen a lot of activities in the form of real orders yet to significantly increase western coal into the east.
John Koraleski: A lot of it was mix and in particular, in the Industrial Products side. Chris, that Moab short-haul 35 mile uranium tailings move that we had was up 66%. And so that does tend to take a couple of percentage points off of the average revenue per unit.
John Koraleski: It's tied so much to the drilling activity in the different shale formations and things like that. So we're expecting another great year. Of course, to say that you can keep up a 40% rate as your base gets larger is a pretty tall order, but it’ll still be solid growth.
John Koraleski: Our Streamline business is through intermediaries. It is not a direct Union Pacific relationship with customers. So what the Streamline product does, though, is it offers the intermediaries the capability to offer a door-to-door product provided by a railroad. So we are not going direct. We are not retailing through the subsidiary, the Streamline subsidiary, but simply offering a different kind of a rail product to the third parties.
John Koraleski: Yes, I actually do think if they're successful – it’s like two steps forward and three steps back in some respects because they got the investment through, and now we've got the environmentalists that are trying to protest shipping Powder River Basin coal to Asia. So that's now going to delay that probably into 2012 as opposed to accelerate it for us. But all of those investments, the way it's playing itself out, are an opportunity for us, and should they accelerate those development projects, that would be good news for us, and it would bring forward some of those opportunities. We could look at the possibility of 1 million tons of export coal this year being 2, 2½ or something like that, if we got some traction on some of those projects.
John Koraleski: I would say the immediate bottleneck, if it comes in a big way, would be the number of containers. Container capacity is pretty much sold out. Right now, we've got an order in place, but it was tight last year, and if it surged, it could be tight this year as well. And in terms of the opportunity for us, it would be both the volume side, but also the price side.
John Koraleski: We would be in a position with a significant improvement, a significant opportunity on the price side to take advantage of that. Even though we have a legacy tail that we're working through, we still have plenty of upside opportunity if the market got incredibly hot, and we have a lot more customers knocking on our door. And I think the key, though, in this is really to reinforce how important it is to keep your service metrics, net value proposition there. I think again, you provide great service, there’s a value equation there. And then again, if it's accelerated with tight trucking capacity, we should have good upside.
Lance Fritz: Yes, we do have excess capacity remaining. You recall, if you look backwards, we've handled in the neighborhood of 195,000 to 200,070 carloads for a relatively extended period. But the real important thing to note is the service levels that we're performing at now and that the business plan is predicated on are very different from the service levels that we had back in that time frame. So yes, there is more capacity to handle incremental volume, but equally, yes, we do have to continue to invest carefully and effectively and also improve our throughput through lean manufacturing initiatives, for instance, in order to maintain high service levels as volume comes back.
Lance Fritz: We have had a few headwinds to velocity at the start of the year in 2011. We've shown signs of being able to meet or exceed the kind of velocity we exited last year at, and we anticipate that this year is going to be another solid year of service as reflected in velocity.
Lance Fritz: And also, Jeff, that bottleneck question has to do with where the volume shows up, what quarter it's in.
Lance Fritz: The first answer, Justin, is that we are comfortable with our velocity right now. The second part of the answer is there are many impacts to velocity when we run on an outdoor network like we do, one of which is volume. We've demonstrated, if you look backwards in 2010, the ability to handle substantial increases in volume with really minor impacts on velocity, and only one of those impacts in 2010 was a volume increase. And then if you look a little further ahead, I won't answer specifically whether or not we have a threshold that gets us concerned, but we are very confident in our ability to handle the kind of volumes we anticipate in 2011 and then beyond, given both the capacity that we currently have, our plan for improving throughput through management activity and the capital budget that we've got for this year and anticipate for future years.
Lance Fritz: Sure. I think what I was speaking to is that compared to the average in the network, as coal grows, it has wonderful leverage on productivity because it's such an efficient network on its own. There are incremental opportunities within the coal network, but in comparison on average, it is a highly efficient network. The other thing to note is that we do have plenty of upside opportunity on productivity and leverage in Intermodal, which Jack mentioned. He expects to see some pretty strong growth in 2011. And clearly, in the manifest network, we've still got plenty of opportunity as well.
