Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. And good morning, everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific 's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. During the quarter, the Union Pacific team dealt with multiple network disruptions that required us to rebuild bridges, reroute trains, and connect more closely with other links in the supply chain to support and to serve our customers. While we still have work ahead, our employees' dedication is a critical success factor in navigating all of those challenges.  Turning to our third quarter results, this morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2021 third quarter net income of $1.7 billion or $2.57 per share. This compares to $1.4 billion or $2.01 per share in the third quarter of 2020. Despite the network and global supply chain challenges, our quarterly operating ratio of 56.3% improved 240 basis points versus last year and represents a third quarter record. We also set third quarter records in Operating income, net income, and earnings per share. The team did an excellent job of managing the business to produce strong results.  A comparison to 2019, a period with higher volumes, further highlights our performance and demonstrates our focus on driving productivity and network efficiency to overcome external factors. We also continue to make progress on our goal to reduce our carbon footprint. The team achieved strong productivity to brew some all-time quarterly record low fuel consumption rate. This represented a 1% improvement versus 2020 and helped our customers eliminate 5.7 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions in the quarter by using Union Pacific versus truck. Momentum is building. And before the end of the year, we plan the detail our emissions reduction plan with the release of our initial climate action plan. So let's start the morning with Kenny for an update on the business environment.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. One area of continued focus by the team, as you've heard us talk about this morning, is safety. While our Safety metrics lagged 2020, there are some positive signs including strong September results that indicate we're taking the right actions to produce desired long-term results. The entire team understands that safety is foundational to everything we do at Union Pacific. Our service product has shown improvement over the past 60 days, but there's still work to be done.  With increasing volumes related to the grain harvest and intermodal peak season approaching, we understand the importance of delivering for our customers. The opportunity to provide freight solutions to our customers is strong and gives us confidence that our long-term goals for growth remain intact. And as you heard from Kenny, even with macroeconomic headwinds, we're winning with our customers. While supply chain disruptions will likely persist into next year, we see our third quarter and year-to-date results as proof of our team's ability to perform in the face of significant challenges. As headwinds turn to tailwinds, we're well-positioned to build off our success and deliver even more value to our stakeholders. So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: All right that's a few questions, a little bit hard. And Eric, you'll help me out a little bit here. So first of all, just walking on our business if you look at it. We expect our coal business to have the same run rates that they have this quarter. You see where the future numbers are. We'll see where that takes us into the first part of 2022. On the grain side, we'd be really happy if we can get to a flattish year-over-year look, we'll see how that plays out. Maybe we get there, if we don't get there, maybe we're up a point or so off. Looking at our Industrial business forward is a lot of opportunities in front of us. I've been really excited about the fact that the commercial team there has been able to win business.  We're seeing it show up on the [indiscernible] on side, as the production rates are going up from earlier in the year. On the metal side also, lot of strong wins, business development wins that we're seeing. It's also showing up. So we're really creating a lot of good things to move in our way. On the forest side, same thing wins from truck -- from paper, wins from truck on the lumber side. We'll see how that plays out. That should really be a positive area for us. But then the wildcard here is on the premium side. You look at auto, I'd tell you, I've forecast this thing wrong in a couple of quarters, I think that -- I believe that we're certainly in the trough. I don't see it really improving in the quarter. We'll see what happens in the next year, maybe some gradual improvement.  And then on the international -- intermodal side, Eric and his team have done a great job of really reacting and engaging the terminals at the port and the port. I'm really proud of the fact that we got a product that we've created and Inland Empire can actually capture some of that business that might spill over. You know about the products that we've created up in the 20 cities and we've got our grain facility coming on at G4 to make it just more attractive for customers that really come in and move on the international side and on the domestic side, I'd expect the same run rate that we're seeing today. And we're expecting a tougher comp on our e-commerce businesses we'll have more of a normal Christmas.
Lance Fritz: That's a great question, Walter. Let start with structural or temporary. I'm still of the belief that most of what we see is temporary, but that doesn't mean the fundamental basis for your question isn't still appropriate, right? So if we just focus in on the international intermodal supply chain, let's use that as a marker. From a temporary perspective, clearly, COVID and the impacts on labor from many different directions related to the COVID pandemic and reaction to the pandemic over the last 18 months has impacted the labor ability to fill jobs either on the back-end warehouse dray, over in the origin, shutting down factories, ports. And I don't think that lasts forever, right? That certainly strikes me as something that we, the U.S. and the world are going to get our arms around either through mass vaccination, therapeutics, combination of both. So I think ultimately, the way the supply chain is disrupted right now doesn't last.  That doesn't mean that we shouldn't continue to keep our eyes open on opportunities to basically be better for customers. Step one in that, has a lot to do with transparency and visibility in the existing supply chain across partners. We're working very hard in that space with each of the supply chain partners that we have. whether it's a technology platform that we can all use to see everybody's KPIs and current status, or something more.  And to your point, from an inorganic growth opportunity perspective, there are probably opportunities in there. And we have talked about that being a juice and augment to our fundamental growth for the railroad and bringing more cars onto the railroad. So I think there are opportunities, they are Walter and we've got our eyes wide open and are looking for them, as we continue to work on the overall supply chain.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Great question, Justin. Thank you. So we've been crystal-clear all along that there are a number of concerns we have in terms of maintaining and enhancing competition with this proposed merger. The primary one is making sure that our customers continue to have good commercial access with businesses in Mexico. Today, we appreciate and enjoy about two-thirds or more of all the cross-border rail traffic to and from Mexico. The reason that is, we have the best franchise to both act as an origination for business in Mexico and act as a marketplace for businesses and Mexico. We just want. And to make sure that in the combination of the CP and the KCS, our customers aren't locked out from that access, so we are active in the process right now, to make sure that that concern is known and that it gets addressed in some kind of remedy. I think there are bonafide risks to our business to and from Mexico to maybe the FXE's business. But I think we've got a pretty good beat on them. We understand them and we're actively already working to address them.
Lance Fritz: Well, yeah, those are great questions, Jason. So the way we think about recovery of current supply chain from my perspective, it really fundamentally boils down to putting people in jobs in order to increase the capacity for handling throughput. And that's both dray drivers, whether you're in the L.A. basin or out in the destination markets and certainly in warehousing and distribution center labor. There might be an opportunity with port labor in terms of being able to maximize throughput through the port, and I know they are talking about that. And so I believe the Biden administration has identified basically increasing the throughput capability and the capacity capability, and understands the need to help put labor that's available into those jobs and make more labor available for the jobs.  Now, in terms of -- once the current supply chain is fixed -- there's some really good-looking markers that tell us the economy is in pretty strong place. And maybe we'll stay there for a while. There's a lot of cash on deposit accounts that people are sitting on. And that is dry powder yet to be deployed in spending. As long as consumers continue to spend on things, That's really good for the goods economy, which of course is the part of the economy that we participate in. And there's also generally -- consumers are generally optimistic.  They're fragile because of the impacts that the COVID pandemic have had on all of us. But they're generally pretty optimistic. And we just need to see, I think, the COVID pandemic get under control and get continued signs of normalcy. And I think consumers will spend that money and the low inventory to sales ratio is going to drive a need for continued stocking. So I feel pretty good about it, certainly as we head into 2022, it looks like a strong environment.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Jason, by far, if I could - if we could snap our fingers on the back-end, we would love to see more dray and warehouse distribution capacity. That's the first thing that we would love to see. I think that would fundamentally change street time for chassis and boxes.
Lance Fritz: There's only - Cherilyn to a degree, right. Because there's only a portion of the book of business that's priced that way, but that portion is definitely going to follow that.
Lance Fritz: Brandon, I want to brag on not just Kenny and the commercial team, but the cooperation between Kenny and the operating team and all the other internal support mechanisms that make that business development efforts happen. They're going after business in so many different ways, whether it's campaigns to fill out, shorter trains on the network or to attack a particular marketplace that looks like it's growing. And we want to be a bigger part of it. Or where there's customers that have a real problem with their cost structure and we know bringing some of that business onto the rail will enhance their ability to compete in their marketplace. All of the above is generating business development. It's happening mostly in singles and doubles. But I'll take lots of singles and doubles in a team that's oriented towards making that happen.
Lance Fritz: Well, and Brian didn't ask it specifically. But you've got a path towards 10,000-foot average train length.
Lance Fritz: Tom, thanks for the question. So absolutely it's a reasonable thesis to say we are going to grow in 2022. Our commitments that we made at Investor Day is over the three-year period, we're going to grow better than industrial production. And we believe that we're going to be able to do that. There is a couple of things that I'll point to. We've got Knight-Swift coming on board, that will be a growth engine, we've got the headwinds in the automotive industry and the overall supply chain mostly impacting the Intermodal business.  In my viewpoint, it's very unlikely that carries all the way through next year, that there is capacity coming on for semiconductor manufacturing. The supply chain is going to have enough capacity to handle the throughput necessary. And so I think those get remedied and that's a growth engine. And then Kenny 's team, as we just outlined in bulk, industrial and in the premium side on business development, keep adding opportunity into the bucket, so it's absolutely a decent thesis to say we are growing and we're growing better than industrial production next year. Now, the other side of that is, capacity. We've got plenty of capacity. Our fixed capacity, our railroad can definitely handle the growth. as we go into next year. And we're poised to add the fungible resources that the employees necessary to handle it. Not on a one-for-one basis because we are generating productivity. but I see no issue with the thesis you just laid out.
Lance Fritz: There are always rifle shots from a capital spending perspective, Tom that we have to take care of. Eric identified some in terms of siding extensions. We've got some capacity spending that's going on in our new intermodal ramps, whether it's the Inland Empire or up in the Twin Cities. But I consider those rifle shots. Those are very specific little pieces of the network that we'll have a very positive generating ROI to them. In terms of manpower, resources, employees, we've got needs here and there.  And again, those tend to be pockets and they're driven by growth or they're driven by normal attrition. And we're right now in the process of hiring in a few areas around the network. We've got a training pipeline that's both representative of people we've hired and people we've called back from furlough. But I don't consider those numbers anything kind of worth commenting other than normal course of business.
Lance Fritz: Supply and demand in our market economy gets remedied. Truck driver wages are going up, dray wages are going up. It's all looking good. So I feel very good about overcoming the bear case that you just outlined because they're intimately connected.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. We are committed. We're well-planned. There's a detailed executing plan already in place. And we're really looking forward to having them on as a partner there. They're running an outstanding business. They'll be a great partner to have.
Lance Fritz: Kenny, another way to answer Jeff's question, Jeff, if you recall when we came into the year, we had a guidance that said 4 to 6% growth. And coming out of the second quarter, the lay of the land look ed pretty strong and we up that to 7%. And now because in part of the Intermodal Supply chain disruptions, along with the continued issues on semiconductors for automotive, we've dropped that back to 5%. So right there you see 2% points of growth on the whole business that is connected to supply chains being screwed up.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Jeff, this is Lance, your thesis is spot on. Our customers tell us that they'd love to use more intermodal product. And that's a great place to be. We're not going to try to guess exactly what that looks like. We'll build next year's budget. We've got a long-range plan we'll continue to tweak and build on. But your thesis is spot on. There are tons of opportunity out there.
Lance Fritz: Putting a little bow on that Jordan, you know the eastern railroads, and their export business is substantial and big and our export business doesn't really look anything like that.
Eric Gehringer: And Ken, regarding the ports themselves and thinking about our system fluidity, first, it's important that we applaud the same efforts that you did with the effort on both of the ports to move to a 24 by 7 operations. As you think about our fluidity and how we support the middle part and the entire supply chain. You're really thinking about four specific things. The first one is Cardwell, we're back in our 23-to-25-hour historical average, which is 24% better than our peak in July. So we have cars, they're available. From a velocity perspective, how fluid are we from getting point A to point B? We're at 488 miles per day yesterday, which is the best we've been in 9 months. So we have the fluidity to move from A to B.  Where you still see the constraints is in our box slot, we see currently a 40% increase in that dwell versus earlier this year. And then, also on the chassis street time, which is just a measure of how long is a chassis from the time it leaves, to the time it comes back to us. And that's up 20%. So what's critically important as we've identified before, we can take the volume, we can handle the volume efficiently. we need the back end of the supply chain with warehouse capacity, warehouse labor, dray capacity and dray labor to be there to answer that call. We're not doing that, and putting that entirely on the back-end though, we've taken actions even in the last 6 months.  You've heard me talk before about, we know, we've opened G3. We've gone deeper. We've got 5,000 cars now strategically placed. We've extended hours and selected ramps. Most notably, our recent extension to 24-hours in ICTF in L.A. We've also expanded hours for road ability, which is. Matter of expanding hours for the inspection and maintenance of chassis, were being partners with our customers to ensure that anything they can do to continue to improve supply chain fluidity were supported.
Eric Gehringer: Sure. It's a great question, Brian. So I'll start in the beginning there. To your point, coming out of the recovery, so the actual events that started the recovery. Yes, service performance, our velocity, and then looking at them now, strong moves in the right direction. As you properly said, we're not to where we need to be. As I look at that over the fourth quarter, our biggest opportunities are down in our Southern and specifically the Southeast region of our system. The teams absolutely focused on ensuring that we can continue to get those terminals operating at a historical dwell level or better.  And that's the focus right now. As we increase velocity, you see a direct correlation to our improvement in service and I expect that out of the team. Now, as far as the broader productivity, you hit on the fuel efficiency, and I want to take a minute to recognize the team on that and stress that because our Third Quarter best-ever record in a 1% improvement against a quarter that was dramatically challenging in a lot of different ways, specifically in how many trains we had to reroute, that's a massive accomplishment. But as you look at fuel efficiency, much like the rest of our pipelines, there's strong initiatives in each one of those.  So I think about, we still have the opportunity to modernize another 100 locomotives next year as part of our plan, that's on top of the 100 we're modernizing this year. And those modernizations will get locomotives that can be operating as DPU units, which provide fuel conservation as we can run more of those. As we think about EMS, I told you earlier in the year, we're going to install 800 units. We're installing 800 units this year and we'll continue with that investment next year. So I could continue to go on and on. The point is the pipelines are full. It has been a challenging quarter. There's nothing that stands in front of us to get back on track in Q4.
Eric Gehringer: We with our September performance for the 9,500, we are absolutely on that path. And with the construction of our [indiscernible] that I mentioned, nine being already completed, 26 in the pipeline. We absolutely have that passive.
Eric Gehringer: Let's start with the bridge. So if you think about when the bridge went out, what that really did was it severed an artery where we were able to run trains longer than 8,300 feet. When we had to reroute the trains from Northern California over to Salt Lake and back up to Portland, we're restricted to that 8300 feet for a number of different reasons. So the fall-off and Train Link prior to September was absolutely related to the bridge outage. Now, to your point, as we see intermodal volumes grow, that's always a huge lever for us to grow Train Link, especially across our sunset corridor up to Chicago.
Eric Gehringer: Yes, Jon, that's an exceptionally good question and I want to be very clear. That is not lost and it's expected that we make that up in next year.
Eric Gehringer: Now we're getting into those ending questions again. Jon, rest assured, the entire team understands we have to get that back. As you would imagine, as we think through the 2022 and what is going to present. Those plans are still under works, but it's all with an eye towards capturing back that $150 million.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. Thanks, Amit, for that question. First, I'll start off by saying that I feel much better about where we are today in terms of our ability to price the product and even earlier in this year, we're looking at the Fourth Quarter. We're going to start bid season here with a small amount of a bid out there, call it 10-15% on a lot of our Intermodal business. Clearly on a lot of our carload business. We're stepping into that. I's a strong environment for us. It's a favorable environment for us. We're going to price to the marketplace. We're in the tight truck capacity. Not just on the Intermodal side, we also see it on the carload side. So we'll have a lot more clarity on it, but I will tell you right now, as I sit here today, it's a favorable environment for us to be pricing in.
Kenny Rocker: Well, I'm a college football fan, first of all. But the bottom line is that, hey, look, this is -- it's better than I've seen it in a while. I haven't seen it this strong since the last part of '18. We feel good about the products that we have out there. I've talked about all the new products with Inland Empire in Twin Cities and the network that we have and what Eric is doing to improve the service that you're seeing. It's a favorable environment for us and we feel good about our ability to price into it.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, you know, it's totally different reasons. I mean, 2018 was -- the supply chain challenges weren't as holds up as they are today. There are still many things that -- that come into play when you look at what's on the water, what's at the port, street well, and some of the chassis turns. This is a little bit different. In terms of the price and opportunity, I'd say it's still there. I still, again, pretty strong about the opportunities that we have. We get the test awarded here like I mentioned. In the fourth quarter, we've got some large pieces of business that are coming on. We'll see how it plays out, but we're pretty optimistic about what's in front of us.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, it really just keeps them in the market. It keeps them competitive. Especially, when you have natural gas prices as high as they are. It puts them in the money and we have a really strong service product to support it. We feel good about where that is in the fourth quarter. Probably feel good about where it is in the first quarter and we need to reassess it on a quarterly basis.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, absolutely. I mean, we teamed up at Investor Day, how we thought about the bio-fuel market. One of the things that I'm proud of that vaulting for it, that they develop that market. I mean, you look at the Midwest and some of these central states, we've got a unique opportunity where we originate that business. And then we have another unique opportunity in some cases where we might be able to move some of that product to the end market. So we're going out from a business development standpoint and just developing that business.  As you look at our industrial side, same thing too. If you look at Mexico Energy Reform, team has just done a fabulous job of just walking down that portfolio and growing that business. We have clear line of sight to the players that can get in those markets, and we're helping them grow. On the premium side, We've got [indiscernible] to upcoming in January 1st and we're fired up about it. There are some other areas again, that we have just gone out and created those markets, and so we're excited about it. We do feel -- I'm bullish. We feel very strong going into next year.
Kenny Rocker: First of all, yeah. We've got an investment here that's coming on in the first half of the year of chassis. We feel good about that. We've got ample container -- work on improve our competitiveness, here in the first half of the year. We've got GPS that we're investing in. I can't say enough about how much capacity opportunities are there in an Inland Empire. And we're working very closely what Eric's team on that. And we still have room to grow in the 2030. So yeah, there are some macroeconomic and supply chain challenges out there, but what you're hearing me say, and what you're hearing Lance say, is that boy as a team, we're really going after it and being very deliberate and specific about how to grow the business.
Kenny Rocker: That's interesting question. It really depends on what you believe and what you've heard us say is that we believe the run rates will continue to move in the fourth quarter. And then it'll be up low, gradual ramp up in the first half by late spring, summer. We can get to where the forecast [indiscernible]. That be an excellent position for us. We expect to really have a strong product that is competitive with truck, but we don't see where we would lose any of that business. And we also would anticipate that some of the auto part business will show up a little bit before the finished vehicles product.
Kenny Rocker: That's also an interesting question. What I'll tell you what we're doing is going out and inserting solutions where we can. So Eric and his team has done a really good job with keeping in contact with the terminals from a technology side, we've been surrogate APIs at the Port from an investment perspective. We're going out and really owning our own destiny in terms of expansion. We're creating solutions for our customers. Clearly, Eric talked about what we've done in our G3 facility.  We also opened up temporarily another facility down in the Houston area our loops subsidiary is going out and working with the BCO, expedite drayage. We're pulling everything we can in our control to not just accept what the supply chain challenges are out there. We're trying to own it. And so you've heard about the investments that we're making on the chassis and GPS side. So what you're hearing from me is we're doing everything we can to control our destiny, to maximize.
Kenny Rocker: Every carload matters and we've been able to grow our export business. But to your point, it's a smaller part of our overall portfolio.
