Lance Fritz: Thank you. And good morning everybody and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Beth Whited, Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of nearly $1.2 billion for the second quarter of 2017. This equates to a second quarter record $1.45 per share, which is up 24% over last year. Total volume increased 5% in the quarter compared to 2016. Carload volume increased in four of our six commodity groups, led by a 17% increase in Coal and a 15% increase in Industrial Products. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 61.8%, which was a record for the second quarter and is a 3.4 percentage point improvement over the second quarter of 2016. In addition to the increase in volume, positive core pricing, and solid productivity were key drivers of the margin improvement. Guided by our strategic value tracks, our entire team is focused on providing an excellent customer experience while safely and efficiently delivering on our innovative productivity initiatives. I'm pleased with our results through the first six months and look forward to continuing our momentum through the remainder of the year. Our team is going to give you more of the details on the second quarter, starting with Beth.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. Looking at the second half of the year, we expect uncertainty in some economic sectors and continued strength in others. Overall, as Rob mentioned, absolute basis volume should be stronger in the second half than in the first half, although year-over-year comparisons are going to be more challenging. In this environment, we will focus on our growth opportunities. In addition, we'll continue to make progress on our G55 + 0 initiatives as we work to make Union Pacific a stronger, more efficient company. We are confident these efforts will generate topline growth, margin improvement, and greater returns for our shareholders. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: I want to say Cameron is referencing there from this point forward. He's already got what is in the neighborhood of 1,000 high horsepower locomotive in storage as we speak.
Lance Fritz: Giving you a little bit more techni-color [ph] -- this is Lance. The PTC foundation gives you an umbrella of communication capability because of what's required for PTC in and of itself. And it puts a lot of technology and computing power on to our locomotives that at some point could be used for other purposes in the future. It's important to note that it's not -- when we think about productivity from positive train control foundation, we're not talking about taking what already exist and somehow redeploying it in a way that's highly productive. Whatever we do is likely going to require an incremental either capital or operating expense investment. And we'll make those decision based on the returns that would be generated from whatever those projects are. So, it forms a foundation in your mind to think about that foundation as a robust umbrella of communication capability and computing power. And from that point forward, maybe that's a foundation we can use for the productivity.
Lance Fritz: We're going to be fully implemented -- or installed and able to implement, that is turn on, on every mile that's required late in 2018. And in the way the law is written, if we're in that position, then we can basically request the Department of Transportation an extension to 2020, which we will do because we'll want to use that time to debug the system. While Cameron has mentioned that the system is operating and is functional and doing what it's intended to do, it still has bugs that rob us of precious capacity. And so we'll want to take those two years to continue to debug the system.
Lance Fritz: Brian, let's unpack that in three pieces. The first piece is, your right. With TE&Y headcount up 4% in the second quarter versus volume up 5%, that's not quite the kind of productivity we would expect. I think that's accountable to the weather and service related interruptions and a little bit more sluggish network as Cameron pointed out. And he and his team is working diligently to get that back. The second point that you were asking about was overall hiring and what's going on in that world. Recall, we came into the year with a fair number of TE&Y employees on furlough. So, the first thing we do is we call them back from furlough or from their alternative work and training board service. We've been doing that and we've also in certain pockets, had to go out and start up a hiring class. That's a relatively small amount in comparison to the amount of employees that we're bringing back on furlough. And in terms of are we able to find employees when we do need to hire, the answer is yes. And the TE&Y craft, we have very attractive jobs and in the areas where we want to hire with maybe one or two very specific exceptions, we can find employees that we need.
Lance Fritz: Hi, Chris, this is Lance. I'll let Rob speak specifically to the guidance, which is $350 million to $400 million for the year. But in terms of the mechanics of the productivity, it's Cam and the team and the rest of the organization are constantly working the projects that we have in front of us right now. So, that Rob pointed out three big segments. In the transportation side, it's about train lengths and be more productive in switching and locals. It can be more productive in our engineering and mechanical workforces where we've got projects underway and candidly we've been very straightforward and saying I think we've got more opportunity to be more productive in our general administrative and support functions. So, you'll see us take action on all of those in the second half of the year.
Lance Fritz: Tom, this is Lance. Of course, anytime the environment improves from a standpoint of more economic opportunity for all the competition in the marketplace, more volume opportunities, anytime that's the case, that's a better environment to compete in. So, we're looking forward to that being the case at some point in the future.
Lance Fritz: Recall, Tom that those are -- that's a moving part from the standpoint of sometimes those consolidations and partnerships benefit us and sometimes they don't. Regardless, we take that competitive landscape and compete for the business that makes sense to us from an economic return and compete aggressively for it.
Lance Fritz: Bear in mind we have an opportunity still and it's a significant opportunity to penetrate further inbound truck for auto parts to auto manufacturing. There's still plenty of opportunity to convert that into Intermodal or box car product. And as the second quarter demonstrated, I think our finished vehicles were down 4%, but auto parts were up 2%. We expect to keep going after that in the second half of the year.
Lance Fritz: Let's start with my confidence level, which is, it's never been higher. That's -- it's really wonderful to be speaking to your question coming off the quarter that we just had where we've demonstrated on what I would consider relatively modest volumes and ability to generate significant operating ratio improvement and productivity. So, let's talk about how we're generating that productivity. Getting just a little bit deeper on those three areas that Rob and Cam talked about. When you're thinking about the train network, what we've been doing to this point is we're taking our -- the way our plan is organized and deconstructing it by lane, looking for opportunities to grow train size while maintaining the fundamental aspects of the plan with an eye towards making sure that our customer service product is as good as it possibly can be the best in the marketplace. As we look forward, there's an opportunity to co-mingle some of those service products and we're investigating that as we speak, thinking through what does that mean from a service product perspective and from a productivity perspective. We think there's pretty good juice there. And so while we've done a great job of growing train size to this point, we think there's some incremental opportunities we look forward in our train network. When we think about how we conduct ourselves with our mechanical, our carman employees, our craft professionals in the engineering world and some of the contracting work that we do in both, there's plenty of opportunities and we've got projects in all of those areas looking for ways to take out, for instance, leased and rented equipment, contracting work that's just not high value add or can be done more efficiently and more efficiently finding ways to invest in equipment that allows us to be way more productive on labor components and have a really attractive return on that investment. And then when you think about our ability to generate more productivity on the general and administrative and support cost side of our world and inclusive of purchasing material and supplies, we've been making great progress in those areas and there's lots of opportunities to come. And we've got plans and clear-eyed opportunities there that we are developing and ultimately will be taken advantage of. So, as we sit here, the team could not be more confident in being able to achieve a 60 plus/minus operating ratio by 2019. And of course, we're going to do that as quickly as we can. And then we’re -- immediately thereafter, we're just going to keep it up on our way to a 55 operating ratio, again, as soon as we can. Another thing that gives us confidence is looking backwards at our track record. We had some fits and starts here recently, mostly driven by significant volume drops. But even in that context, we've had good solid operating ratio improvement over a very long period of time and we've demonstrated we know how to do it. We're going to keep doing it.
Lance Fritz: Yes. So, we talked, Brandon, about three buckets that drive OR improvement. Pure productivity whatever the volume is and we'll continue to get that price, which is related to what the value is that we're bringing to our customers and how we're competing in our markets and we'll continue to generate that and growth. Growth certainly helps and we're looking for ways in markets either new ones to penetrate, more business with existing customers, greater geographic reach, however we can maximize franchise and we have. We will be pulling the levers on all three of those areas all the time as we move forward. And it just depends on what the economy brings to us, what we're able to do as to exactly the role with each lever plays going forward.
Lance Fritz: Yes, I'm not sure I'm going to be very helpful in building up the model for you. I'll tell you we're going to get there just as quickly as we can. And as we sit here and look at the different opportunities we have in front of us, the projects that we've already got launched are the ones that we're defining prior to launch. There's plenty of opportunities and some of those might surprise us and deliver outsized productivity rapidly. And some might be a lot more pick and shovel work that takes a bit more time. I can tell you we're scanning the environment regardless of industry, whether it's other railroad peers or any other competitors or customers of ours to find ideas that we can implement in our own environment to both accelerate our productivity and to generate productivity.
Lance Fritz: Yes, we're going to learn from everything we see and observe and deconstruct it and see if it makes sense for our network and our franchise. I'll just remind you that on our network and franchise, we have a very robust manifest product that requires a fair amount of car switching and our lowest cost car switching for us happens to be in our highly utilized hump yards. So, at this point, as we look forward, I'm not so sure you're going to see a lot of change in that area. Plus you might see change in other areas like how we define our networks and products and perhaps the co-mingling of some of our service products so that we can both generate a better service product for our customers and more productivity for our shareholders. Bear in mind that we've got four stakeholders and we're serving them all at the same time; our customers, employees, the communities that we serve in; and you, our shareholder.
Lance Fritz: Justin, I would remind you and all of our listeners at this point, we enjoy robust franchise to and from Mexico because we serve all six major rail gateways. We enjoy about 70% of all rail cross-border traffic to and from Mexico. So we will get our fair share.
Lance Fritz: Hey Jeff, the other aspect of heat is, we're in the outdoor business. So, we really got to help our craft professionals kind of watch their health when it gets to temperatures like we're in right now. And that can slowdown work to some degree because they've got to make sure they take breaks. They got to get out of the heat, be able to keep their body temperature reasonable. And you can just imagine working eight or 10 or 12 hours in the kind of environment we have now. That can have an impact on an individual's productivity.
Lance Fritz: Thank you very much. And thank you all for your questions and interest in Union Pacific. We look forward to talking with you again in October.
Cameron Scott: Thanks Beth and good morning. Starting with safety performance, our reportable personnel injury rate increased to 0.76 versus the first half record of 0.70 achieved in 2016. The team remains fully committed to finding and addressing risks in the workplace and I am confident in our efforts as we push towards our goal of zero incidents. With regards to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our reportable rate improved 4% to 3.01. While TE&Y training and infrastructure investments continue to be key pieces of our derailment prevention strategy, advanced data analytics will help us make even greater strides towards identifying and mitigating risks. In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate improved 5% versus 2016 to 2.27 as our grade crossing assessment process in collaboration with the public continues yielding positive results. Moving on to network performance. Our network performance fell short during the second quarter, which is reflected in the metrics we report each week to the AAR. Second quarter velocity was down 5% and freight car well was up 4% when compared to 2016. Severe spring weather across our served territory along with several service interruptions and outages were the primary drivers of a decline in service metrics. Looking at our resources, although our TE&Y workforce was up in about 500 employees in the second quarter while compared to the same period in 2016, we were able to effectively leverage the robust 5% increase in volume with numerous productivity initiatives we have underway. Partially offsetting some of this productivity, however, was an increase in workforce to help manage the network disruptions and outages I mentioned earlier. In addition, our engineering and mechanical workforce was down more than 1,000 employees, driven primarily by fewer employees required on capital projects as a result of the productivity initiatives we have implemented. All-in, our total operating workforce was down almost 600 employees in the quarter or 2% when compared to last year. As always, we continue to adjust our resources as volume and network performance dictate. In addition to being agile with our resource base, the team's persistent focus on productivity continues yielding positive results in other areas such as train size. An example of our relentless focus on productivity is how we have achieved best-ever train size in our manifest trains category for eight straight quarters. Our team uses data analytics to dynamically adjust our service schedules to maximize train length while balancing our customer commitments. We were also able to generate productivity gains within our terminals as cars switch per employee day increased 5% during the second quarter. Overall, I'm pleased with the productivity we've been able to realize thus far and I'm looking forward to further improvement as we move forward. To wrap-up, as we move into the back half of the year, we expect our safety strategy will continue to generate positive results on our way to incident-free environment and we will continue leveraging the strength of our franchise to improve operational performance with a focus on productivity and providing an excellent customer experience. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron Scott: Several years ago, we started initiative in our low horsepower fleet and that initiative net to about 500 locomotives we'd put in storage. Some of those have been sold. Some of those releases that we returned. We've turned that same group of employees towards our high horsepower fleet. And I don't think we'll achieve quite 500, but there's plenty of opportunity for us to rationalize what we're doing with our high horsepower fleet.
Cameron Scott: We're implementing about 40% of our network at this point. And the technology is working very well. There will always be glitches and bugs that we need to upgrade. But so far, it's a very solid technology. As we get fully implemented, we'll be looking for every productivity and efficiency that we can squeeze out of that system. I don't have anything right now to report to you on that.
Cameron Scott: I'll start with train size. Our team, as we mentioned, during eight straight quarters, has demonstrated a capability to find additional opportunities on train size while meeting customer commitments. And there is, as I mentioned before, still plenty of headroom in almost every train category in our business, with the exception of Coal. So, there is still a lot of opportunity ahead of us on productivity with train size. In relation to some of the outages, probably the best example I can give you was an unfortunate barge strike to one of our key network lanes in Louisiana. We've been out for seven weeks now rebuilding that bridge. That has caused us to wheel our transportation plan around that outage, adding costs, adding locomotives, adding employees that were not intended as we started the year. We should get that key route back in service here in the next week and that will normalize not only our cost structure, but our customers will see a more solid service that they expect from us.
Cameron Scott: It is always our stated objective to take Beth's volume and layer it on top of our current train start network. And as I mentioned before, there is lots of headroom in almost every train category that we have to continue to do that. The coal marketplace for us in train size is fairly optimized. There are still opportunities but it is fairly optimized. So, really in stepping up to the plate with beautiful volume growth from Beth in Coal is making sure we're matching appropriate manpower planning and locomotive planning to handle the volumes as they come online. And I think we've accomplished that very nicely here in the second quarter.
Cameron Scott: Yes, it is. And you are correct. That does become very complex very quickly. And our service design team and our network planning team has done a very nice job, whether it's a regional opportunity or a big system network opportunity to take that growth and layer it right on top of our current program.
Cameron Scott: You're absolutely right. In the first quarter, with the Western region impact, we took a pretty substantial hit on both velocity and car dwell. Largely, that velocity in the Western region has returned to us. It's been a little -- taken a little bit longer for us to recover in the Western region than we anticipated, but we feel confident in the second half that Western region will start delivering the extra velocity and improved internal performance that we expect out of them. The Southern region, as I mentioned, has a bridge outage that will be resolved here in a week. They also have very heavy renewal capital programming. So, it makes it a complicated network down south. As soon as we get that bridge back in service, we anticipate the southern region will come right back to anticipated velocity as well.
Cameron Scott: No, you are correct. Heat orders are applied when we reach certain temperature thresholds and it has been a nice warm summer. About the only area of our business where that becomes impactful is when you're looking at high-premium intermodal product. That does tend to retard the maximum train speed that you'd like to run when it comes to that high-premium Intermodal product. The rest of the network is largely unaffected by those heat-slow orders.
Beth Whited: No, we weren't saying that. Sorry if that was misinterpreted. Now, we would expect third quarter to follow a traditional pattern and be up sequentially, but relatively flat for last year.
Beth Whited: I would say that there are a lot of competitive factors going on out there on the plus side. We are seeing truck prices just beginning to firm and that gives us some hope that that will continue throughout the rest of the year, especially with ELDs coming online. But the other competitive factors that we see in Coal and Intermodal aren't easy. So, you just kind of have to make your own production about what you think might happen.
Beth Whited: Well, let me see how to answer that. I would say that we certainly want to price and get value in the market at every opportunity. Grain prices going up will, hopefully, bring more volume to us and provide us with a revenue opportunity and we'll just have to see how the pricing opportunities play out from that.
Beth Whited: I think that we continue to see competition kind of across the book of business. But we aren't at any sort of unusual level of contract negotiation during this period. It's just kind of -- when you think about our whole base and the contracts that we negotiate overtime as we are renegotiating contracts that market -- it's still very competitive.
Beth Whited: We have had some nice opportunities, but that's not as -- I mean, it's certainly still competitive, but that's not where we're seeing the most pressure.
Beth Whited: I don't have a comment on the Mexico piece. I haven't talked to anybody about that at this point. So, that will be a good follow-up for me. But I think everything you read says that they expect full ELD implementation to be kind of 3% to 5% sort of capacity impact. I think some people are skeptical about how well it will be enforced. And so you've got a range in there in terms of how much impact it will have. But certainly we're very optimistic that it's going to help drive some tightening in the truck market and consequential price increases with rate increases in trucks, which will give us an opportunity to convert more volume and hopefully, get some price of our own.
Beth Whited: So, currently, we would say and you can read different people say different things that the Permian is roughly 15% brown and 85% white sand. And the demand this year, call it 28 million or 29 million tons. We see estimates going into next year where there are proposed mines that would bring on anywhere from 20 million to 40 million or 50 million tons and perhaps demand in the Permian being in that 40 million to 50 million tons. I'm not sure how quickly that will happen. We certainly feel good about Permian white sand this year. We're working on solution to try to be a well provider in the brown sand market as well and we do a fair amount of that today from other Texas location. I -- certainly it will swing away from white sand as a percentage over -- I think kind of quarter-by-quarter as we move into next year. We don't really have a prediction for what that looks like for us in 2018. But like I said, our focus will be on working to support the white sand guys that are continuing to shift and developing alternatives for the brown sand.
Beth Whited: So, in the quarter, we did have strong grain exports shipments, especially with wheat. And obviously that's a longer length of haul almost all the time. We do see -- we did see some pretty low barge prices, so we did move a fair amount in the river. So, it impacts our arc positively, but maybe not as much historically has just because of the river move. As you move into the third and fourth quarter, you're going to see quite a bit less export grain, particularly in the third quarter because we had a really strong third quarter last year. And we're now going to be challenged by pretty strong global availability of grain in markets where they have a significant currency advantage. So, it'll -- I would say a negative arc impact versus last year in the third quarter. I don't have a [Indiscernible] for you.
Beth Whited: Well, at this point, we haven't considered that we would have significant production shortages in the fourth quarter. And we were definitely still thinking looks flattish. I suppose it all depends on what plays out with third quarter demand and hot weather and the producers are in the place where it makes economical sense to them I would guess that they will keep producing in for that.
Beth Whited: It's pretty hard to make any sort of prediction about things that are happening in the competitive market when the person you're talking about isn’t yourself. So, I don't probably have any guidance to give you there. Our focus is just going to be on making sure that we're getting a reinvestable price that makes sense to us as we renew deals and go out to bid for new books of business.
Beth Whited: I think that the steamship lines are still shaking things out. And while I think their economics are better, I don't think they're in a situation where they're making a lot of money and maybe not even making money. So, in that environment, I think that the pressure remains for them to try to be very economically competitive in what they do. So, we'll see. I think that may take a little bit longer to shake out.
Beth Whited: Yes, so it's going to be kind of a slow start I think. You start to see I think one or two plants really making meaningful production in 2017 and that's really pretty late in the year and with 2018 being a more significant impact.
Beth Whited: So, we have seen strength in plastics this year on the PVC and PE side, which -- and PP is really the stuff that goes into auto. So, I would agree with you that there's been a little bit of an impact there. It hasn't been very significant fall off in PC, but the strength is really coming on the PVC and the PE side. And I don't think that would be something that we would probably be in a situation where we're calling out later in the year on the straight Auto side. It does feel like there's weakness there and that, that will continue throughout the rest of the year and we'll just have to see if the consumer goes back and start buying cars or not.
Beth Whited: So, I don't think we're going to give any real guidance on past or future pricing in specific contracts. But I would tell you is the competition is as fierce today in Coal and Intermodal as it has been over the last, I guess, we've been talking about this for about a year. So, that's kind of where we are.
Beth Whited: Yes. So, there will be ins and outs in all other markets. There always are. I just remind you Ag was pretty strong last year and -- so the third quarter is a tough comp for that and all the other markets are going to continue to evolve as we move through the quarter. But as Rob said, we expect to be flattish.
Beth Whited: It's a small and emerging market for us right now. We are doing a reasonable amount of traffic. I wouldn't call it substantial amount of traffic and finish fuels into Mexico both in partnership with KCSM and with the Ferromex. And we were probably a big mover early into the LPG space. And we are still seeing a lot of propane moving into Mexico. The finished fuels have been a little slower to take off because there's not a lot of terminal infrastructure in Mexico to handle them. But we see it as a reasonable opportunity over the period until more infrastructure is built in Mexico.
Beth Whited: Yes, so we think about our business in domestic and international, and then within the domestic space, it's kind of truckload and premium and parcel would fall into that premium segment and we have seen some nice growth in it. I think a fair amount of that is being driven by e-commerce. And so that's enabled us to participate in that, and it's been pretty exciting for us. In terms of investments that we've had to make to support it, we've been able to utilize to a pretty significant extent the facilities that we already had in place for Intermodal shipments and we also do support it from time-to-time with additional train starts if that investment makes sense for us. So, that's where we are at this point. It's been a fun market for us to watch emerge.
Rob Knight Jr.: Scott, we're going to continue to price-to-market and drive as positive price as we possibly can. And as you know, we're going to stay away from giving a specific pricing number other than to reiterate that we expect to yield above inflation dollars. But we also pointed out -- Beth and I both did, that we continue to face pressures in the Coal and Intermodal groups. So, we'll see how all that plays out.
Rob Knight Jr.: David, let me -- this is Rob, let me try to answer. I mean we're not going to break that out. I mean it's kind of in the mix and we admit it, as Lance indicated that ratio of the 4% versus the 5% volume, is not what we strive for. But exactly, what could have been is hard to put a fine point on.
Rob Knight Jr.: Allison, this is Rob and we haven't given specific volume guidance in the fourth quarter. But so you're right, it could be a range. I mean we're hopeful that the economy would continue to move in the right direction and our third quarter, as I pointed out in my comments, while we envision that being kind of flattish year-over-year, we do see it sequentially growing from where we are today, where we finish in the second quarter. So, stay tuned in terms of how the world plays out in the fourth quarter.
Rob Knight Jr.: Well, Jason, as you know, we don't have a set number. We don't give specific guidance. We'll continue to be opportunistic in terms of the pace at which we buy, so I couldn't begin to give you exactly what that cadence will look like. Markets will dry. But I would just tell you that in terms of the focus that we have in the organization is driving more cash. I mean so as we look at the metric, while we're close to that targeted number, as I pointed out, we still have room to go in terms of generating positive cash in the business and that gives us the greatest opportunity to continue to move forward.
Rob Knight Jr.: Yes. If I can, I would just add, Chris, that as you've heard us comment many times before we're not going to stop at the $350 million range. And we try not to use volume as an excuse. Certainly, volume is our friend and it gives us more optionality in terms of the productivity initiatives. But as we have done for many, many years and that is that we have a mindset that we're still going to aggressively go after the productivity initiatives that Lance outlined that are in front of us that we're aggressively pursuing and in spite of what the year-over-year volume is. And again, we still predict, by the way. Our guidance is that volume for the full year is going to be up in the low single-digits. So, the fact that it's, say, flattish in the third quarter year-over-year, I don't think that's going to impact or slowdown any of our productivity initiatives.
Rob Knight Jr.: Yes, this is Rob. I mean we don't really get specific quarterly OR guidance. You're right. Traditionally, that's the way it plays out. There's a lot of moving parts. We'll see what mix does. It's been favorable thus far this year. We're going to continue to drive pricing as Beth has talked about. We're going to continue to be aggressive on our productivity initiatives as we've all talked about and those are the levers. And volume, we think is going to be our friend certainly in the third quarter improving from the second quarter. And we'll just have to see how the numbers play out. But again, we're confident and pleased with the progress we've made thus far this year and confident in our ability to improve the operating ratio year-over-year.
Rob Knight Jr.: Yes. Justin I would just say you may be taking two fine slide role to the -- what we talked about. Coal, we're giving some of a directional comment on our overall volumes and on Coal. I wouldn't take that as literally as you have because the factors that will drive coal demand will continue to be gas prices, weather, economy, I mean, all those factors that could change exactly with the cadence is in the third quarter. So, I mean our other -- so our guidance, again, to Lance's point, our guidance all-in is kind of flattish. It could be either side of that. We'll see. We want to be as high as possible, but flattish year-over-year with sequential improvement from here.
Rob Knight Jr.: Yes, Bascom, there was a timing issue with when you look at year-over-year. You're right; the reported numbers show it down. There was, call it, $400 million year-over-year delta on the bonus depreciation. And that is kind of front-end loaded for this year. So, we'll see how it kind of plays out for the balance of the year. But longer term, our goal is to continue to drive that number positively, clearly. And we have every expectation that given all of the productivity initiatives we have underway that, that will be a very strong base.
