Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. The team at Union Pacific continued to demonstrate their capability, as we moved increasing volumes while dealing with challenging capacity constraints in some of our important supply chains. The result was the team delivered all-time record financial results. Our employees are making good on our strategy to serve, grow and win together. Regarding our second quarter results, this morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2021 second quarter net income of $1.8 billion, or $2.72 per share. This compares to $1.1 billion, or $1.67 per share in the second quarter of 2020. While comparisons to the second quarter of last year are skewed by the COVID impact, a comparison to 2019 further demonstrates the impressive results we achieved during the quarter. Our quarterly operating ratio of 55.1% is an all-time record. In addition, we set quarterly records for operating income, net income and earnings per share. These records highlight how the team is running the Union Pacific franchise to deliver results, as we pulled all three profitability levers simultaneously, volume price and productivity. The second quarter also marked an important milestone in our quest to reduce our carbon footprint, as we achieved a second quarter best fuel consumption rate. Locomotive fuel efficiency is the critical element to achieving our goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. And we're helping our customers achieve their ESG goals, too, as they eliminated 5.7 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions in the quarter by using rail versus truck. While our financial results were impressive in the second quarter, our customers felt the impact of intermodal supply chain disruptions and costly rail equipment incidents. Within the intermodal space, we've taken numerous actions to mitigate the customer impact, and are actively working with all parties in the supply chain. Even so, it's likely these issues will persist through the end of the year, as the capacity to move boxes from our ramp to the final destination falls short of demand. Relative to rail equipment incidents, while the number and rate improved their impact on the network was notable. We're redoubling our efforts to utilize best-in-class technology, training, and root cause analysis to keep our crews, our customers and our communities safe. To that end, we'll start with Eric and an update on our operations.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. As I mentioned at the start, we must improve our safety performance, it's foundational to everything we do at Union Pacific. The pace of our progress has to accelerate. As Eric stated, we're dedicated to improving our service products to the level our customers expect and demand. All of our long-term goals are predicated on a safe, reliable and consistent service product. As you heard from Kenny, we're winning with customers and growing our business. You're seeing our customer focus and obsession in action. We've got fantastic momentum and we're excited about the increasing opportunities that we are creating and uncovering. Given the workforce issues faced across various parts of the supply chain outside of UP, we will likely be working to overcome that congestion for the remainder of the year. But our second quarter achievements set the table for continued strong results in the second-half of the year. These results also provide a solid start toward the long-term targets we set for the next three years that we laid out at our Investor Day in early May. The future is very bright for Union Pacific. We're in a fantastic position to deliver value to all of our stakeholders, as we win together. So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Tom. I'll start. This is Lance, and then I'll turn it over to Kenny. So, in terms of network constraints, we view them largely as transitory. There's one issue, which we pointed out in the international intermodal supply chain, which is about demand and inbound containers, overwhelming the capacity for the ultimate customer to take the boxes off our ramps and get them into their warehouses and distribution centers. We think that's going to be around for a little while. The pause that we've taken at G-IV is all about allowing those end users, those shippers to ultimately be able to clean off that inventory, so that we can start with a more fluid operation. And overall, I think, Kenny that we've demonstrated in this environment, we can still convert truck with our current service product. But that's in no way saying the current service product is adequate or appropriate for truck conversion in the long run.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Brian, the cool part about that sea rate is it hits two critical buttons for us. It's got a cost impact, maybe more importantly, it's got a greenhouse gas emissions impact.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. I just want to point out, Jennifer, that 55.1, 55x are terrific operating ratios. We're not satisfied. It's not like we're going to camp out there if there's an opportunity to improve, but that’s a hell of a performance.
Lance Fritz: Ken, you're kind of painting us into a corner there. I'm going to start and say the full year operating ratio, of course incorporates the first quarter, which I think was a 60 dot something. And there's also the headwinds that Jennifer mapped out. There are tailwinds, but we got to be balanced in our perspective in terms of recognizing. There's some headwinds that are going to be showing up in the second-half.
Lance Fritz: Just to be clear, I think we've said this, maybe even in our prepared comments that as we look into the second-half, our headcount right now is about 30,000 employees, and it's going to stay around in that ballpark, as we look out into what we think the demand profile is going to be. We're going to have to hire here and there to fill in vacancies or take care of attrition. But, we don't see any significant hiring program or headwind in that headcount number.
Lance Fritz: And you said something important, Kenny, that I want to make sure we don't miss on the call. We've talked about the transitory issues that we've gotten in the network, we showed some of the service reflections of that. But PSR and the fact that we've transformed our railroad has us in a whole different ballpark of performance than these kinds of issues would have us in three, four, five years ago. And we shouldn't miss that. We're not proud of it. We know we have an opportunity and an expectation to improve and improve rapidly, when for instance, we get the bridge back, et cetera. But the overall performance, like we showed from ‘19 to ‘21, is fundamentally difference under our PSR transformation.
Lance Fritz: That's a great question, David. And I certainly hope we do end up with a better volume environment, and it just forces us to keep bringing more resources. Let's start with labor, right now, we're really not seeing substantial problems hiring labor. We've got a couple of issues with very different skill sets, most of those are in our non-agreement workforce, like data scientists or machine learning scientists. But when it comes to hire and TE&Y, the core team that actually runs our transportation product, there might be a spot like LA where it's relatively harder to hire than somewhere else. But it's not -- we're not yet in a place where we think that's an impediment. We don't have to do anything at this moment special to try to attract people to the jobs. Now, longer-term, for sure, we do have initiatives and understand that we've got to make our jobs more attractive over time, so that we can continue to attract a really big pool to our jobs. And that includes our national negotiation on right now, where we think taking somebody out of a capital locomotive and putting them on the ground, actually makes the job more attractive. It makes it a job that stays at home and turns it into shift work. So that kind of answers your labor question. Other assets, we think about bringing locomotives out to support the network. We're actually doing that right now because the reroutes require more power. And some of those locomotives are a little more costly to repair and get into operating condition. But again, that's a temporary thing. Once those reroutes are done, and we're able to get the network back to its normal routing, those locomotives are going to go right back into storage. So, I just don't see anything other than maybe the international intermodal issue that looks like it's going to last for a little while, until demand and supply gets balanced. That's really going to get in the way.
Lance Fritz: Jason, this is Lance. Let me take a first stab at how we think about the EO and the relationship to the STB, where you're really talking about regulation, and then maybe some of the rest of the team have perspective on it. So baseline, you know that railroads perform a critical function in the economy. We provide affordable shipping for bulk products in large volume. We provide really high paying union jobs. We help people reduce their carbon intensity and their carbon emissions. And we do all of that investing in our own infrastructure. So we're a solution to a number of the things that the current administration emphasize across their different departments, their different functions. And we think when we look at the EO, the EO really needs to be looked through the lens of all of government perspective. There's some things in the EO that looked like they would fight against initiatives that the Department of Transportation, the EPA, OMB, Amtrak, are trying to accomplish with the help of freight railroads. So number one is we're trying to help all of the administration understand the impact of some of what they've got inside the EO in terms of urging the STB to reregulate the railroad. And so, stepping back a little further, we've been helping the STB see the impact of potential regulation and the multiplicity of regulation, and the retarding impact that could have on our ability, for instance, to help relieve highways, to take trucks off the highway and bring them onto the railroad, to continue to help industries reduce their greenhouse gas footprints. And doing it all with an ability to invest in our own infrastructure. So this just says we've got continued work to do. I don't think it's more work, I don't think it's a unique set of new work. It's the same work we've been doing for years and years, helping the STB understand when they regulate what the negative impacts could be if they get it wrong.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, Jason, very clearly, there's a strategic imperative that's right in front of us in the international intermodal supply chain. More transparency, more coordination across the whole supply chain, probably would be addressing the issues that we've got today in advance. And so, there's an imperative there, we see it, we're positioned to take care of it with our product portfolio and our platforms, and we're going after it.
Lance Fritz: Yeah, demand looks pretty strong, Kenny. We're kind of starting to shift over to what's the crop going to look like that we serve.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with you again in October to discuss our third quarter results. Until then, I wish everyone good health. Take care and goodbye.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, Lance, you said it right. Let me just back up for a minute and just say that this started with some pretty strong demand that we saw coming from international trade. And I'll tell you, Eric, and I jumped right in with our customers and all the supply chain members as soon as we saw this. And what I mean by that is first, we went out, we added more short rails, we added more long rails, we added more chassis, we increased the train start, we sat down with our customers on a daily basis, flew out to the ports and had executive meetings there. We also held an executive forum with all of the international intermodal customers to work through solutions. That's where we came up with a solution of G-III. What people don't know is we also came up with off ramp type solutions. And finally, we inserted loop to help with the BCOs to try to offer up solutions for more drayage off of our ramps. So, we've been working hand in hand with not only our customers, but everyone in the supply chain. And so, the pause that you see should help us balance the network. Now, on a broader level, this is transitory. We don't see this being around forever. We expect as the velocity continues to improve, absolutely, we're going to win more truck share. We've demonstrated that we can do it thus far, so we feel very good about what we see in the future.
Kenny Rocker: We're in the early stages right now. What I can say is that we're working on a daily basis to make sure that that demand matches the haul way.
Kenny Rocker: Thanks, Jon. You've got a lot of questions here, I'll try to answer them all. So first of all, the pricing environment, we're going to price to the market and there's tight dray capacity, there's tight truck capacity. You look at even the first part of this year, we felt good about the price that we were able to take. We've improved on that price acceleration as we moved now to the second-half of the year. I do think it's important for us to look at our intermodal business, and not call that or have a broad brush to say all of our challenges in international intermodal are playing out in other areas. So, we are able to get more price and volume there. And then the last question is about coal, and as we look for the rest of the year, for sure, as we look at where the futures are, we think that the run rate that we see today will be consistent for the rest of the year.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, thanks for that. I don't think I'm prepared to go out and forecast how long we think that strength will be there. What I will talk about is the fact that, as we do have this reliable service product that Eric has put out in front of us, along with some of the market dynamics on the truck inside it, it clearly has afforded us the opportunity to go out there and take some pretty robust pricing to the market. But as it stands now, I would expect that the favorable pricing environment withstand, at least throughout this year, and then we'll see what happens if we turn a corner in the next year.
Kenny Rocker: Lance, when we're talking to our customers, they certainly respect the recoverability, beat of recoverability that we have today that we didn't have a few years ago.
Kenny Rocker: David, this is Kenny. We've been very excited. You look at Inland Empire, we've got a small group of customers that have been there. We started up in call it, I think it was June 21, and started our first units on the 22nd, and that's been growing. We share the run rate at the Investor Day where we see that. And then the same is true with Twin Cities, that started the first week in January. We've seen the volume increase throughout the year. We've seen more customers attracted to that product. So, on both fronts, we’re encouraged and we have not seen aside from call it some of the wildfires, we haven't seen really anything structural impact that in a negative light.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. Thanks for that question. Yeah, we've been able to secure quite a bit of business that has been moving over the road. You think about some of the products like lumber and paper, we've been encouraged there. We just talked about the Inland Empire and the Twin Cities and the benefits that we've seen there. I think one of the things that have really opened up for us with this lower cost structure and more reliable services, really some of the markets that were shorter distances that might have been call it less than 500 miles. We've seen tremendous uptick there. And then we're excited about the pizza business that we will see come onto our line next year. We got an opportunity to meet with the Knight-Swift folks, and we're impressed with their management team, and leadership team. So we're looking forward to growth here in the near-term and the future. The demand is strong, and we want to take advantage of it.
Kenny Rocker: And all I add is, we have customers that from time to time will ask us what we think of the EO discussion, and we reflect the comments that Lance just mentioned. But we haven't seen any of our customers try to insert that into negotiations of our business.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, so a number of things. We've been pretty aggressive on that front. And Rahul Jalali, our new CIO has really sparked that too. We've been what I'll call overzealous in terms of API development for our customers. We have a significant number of our customers that are utilizing APIs now. And the value of doing that is not just what we're pushing for is not just on our rail line, but also from an inner line basis. I talked a little bit earlier about the fact that even on our international intermodal side, that we work with the ports also so that we can see inside the terminals and what's coming to them, it’s a key focus. The other part of that is customers want visibility, they also want to know what's going to happen if there is a disruption or something that is going to happen next. And we've been working with operating also make sure we have proactive feedback from a technology perspective there. So, we feel really good about the visibility that we've inserted, and that we're providing customers. And clearly, for the customers that are not as sophisticated, there's room for us to share that more with the receiver. We feel good about the work we've done with the larger customers.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, just real quick. All I can tell you is that we have seen acceleration from the book of business that we have been able to touch. Jennifer talked about that, we think if we've been able to achieve more price on that as we move throughout the year. The larger question that you asked about growing that business faster than industrial production, which we've committed to over the long-term, we feel very confident about the products that we have within our loop network. We dray a tremendous amount of business. We do a lot of trains loading for customers.  We're playing in those areas today. So it's not something that we cannot do. We're also providing whether you call it team tracks that are out there, whether you call it added services with chopping up some of the wood or aggregating some of the cement and rock. We want to continue to build that out and provide more of those services. And to someone that asked a little bit earlier provide a little bit more of that shipment visibility to make it stickier for our customers to move on ourselves. So, that's something that we will continue to do. That's something that we have to do. We have to make sure that to the customer we look not just only like a railroad but a logistics transportation provider.
Kenny Rocker: All I’m saying is that demand is strong for grain. It was very strong the back-half of last year. So, to be above those comps are going to be pretty challenging. But, we feel very positive and have a positive outlook about that demand and being able to capture it. And working with Eric’s team, we want to maximize all the volume that's out there.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So Brian, I'll jump in here. You're right from a mix -- we did have a little bit better performance there relative to mix, as we saw the coal and the grain continued strong. Whether or not that continues, you've heard Kenny talk about coal staying stable, so that may help us. But our primary efforts relative to fuel consumption are really around how we're running our locomotive fleet, the technology that we're using, and mix is just kind of a benefit sometimes, but not something that we're counting on. We know that we need to drive that change ourselves. In terms of how we look at mix overall for the back-half of the year, we do see some ongoing pressure, particularly with grain. We had very strong grain last year, and so grain plays a big role in that mix. And as I look just at the third quarter, autos could potentially play a role there. It was beneficial a little bit in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis, but not sequentially to your point. And so, we're really watching that chip shortage to see what happens with autos. Intermodal is going to stay strong, and we're maybe losing a little bit of the top side there relative to some of these supply chain challenges. But those are the things to watch for, and obviously you guys get good visibility to that throughout the quarter.
Jennifer Hamann: I don't believe there was anything special that we did this quarter. Eric, I don't know if you want to comment on that.
Jennifer Hamann: Thanks, Scott. So, in terms of the equipment incidents, we would kind of put all of our casualty costs together. So yes, we did have some equipment incidents. We have a little bit higher expense, in terms of some of our environmental and personal injury accruals. And I'd say all in that cost is probably about a nickel on the quarter. So that's how I would size that. In terms of the operating ratio and margins, our incremental margins in the second quarter 78%, very strong. I think we can maintain that pace through the back-half. If you think about our operating ratio guidance, though, the 56.5% just mathematically, that would say that we're not probably going to see sequential level improvements. We do have tougher comps, as we move into the back-half of 2021. And we see volumes being, I'll say kind of flattish sequentially. If we can get some upside there, obviously, that could help as well.
Jennifer Hamann: No, absolutely. And of course, that all goes into our longer-term guidance that you're aware of Scott, in terms of getting to that 55 next year, and then having long-term incrementals in the mid to high 60s.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. And to your point Ken, we did up our volume outlook. But if you look at that, that really says we're pretty flat from where we're at today in terms of ending the second quarter out through the end of the year. And July is off to a bit of a slower start, which isn't unusual. You've got the 4th of July holiday, but right now our seven day run rate for July is kind of the high 150. So we've got to see that pickup. And obviously some of these transitory issues that are going on in the intermodal space are having an impact on that top-line. So I feel very good, 56.5 would be a record performance and sets us up great going forward.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah, that's exactly right, Lance. So with regard to inflation, Jordan, you might recall, our full year guidance relative to 2021 inflation is 2.25%. We still feel good with that. When you think about materials costs, those are largely contracted and that really flows through our capital line. Obviously, our wages are set for the year. And other purchase services, we do those on contractual basis as well. We'll look and see what inflation looks like next year. Certainly, it's setting up that that might be greater. But in terms of how we're looking at 2021, we're still good with that initial guidance.
Jennifer Hamann: The dollar amount for the real estate gain, I think I have that right in front of my head. It was $0.13 together between real estate and the taxes is what the gain was. And of course, you'll recall that last year, we had an $0.08 benefit from real estates. So net-net, those came down to a $0.05 good guide.
Jennifer Hamann: I was just going to add to that, we still have about 800 or 900 folks on the team in Y-sides that are furloughed, and a larger number on the mechanical and engineering side. So that's always our first draw to the extent we can. And now some of those folks have been off for quite a while, but our retention rate is still I think, kind of 70% or so. So, still a pretty good hit rate there.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, let me jump in, I'll give the first part just to remind the focus and stats in terms of what our portfolio looks like and what we can touch. So, if you look at our revenue portfolio, about 45% is under multi-year deals. And there's some amount of assets turning on an annual basis. But then, we have about 30%, that's one year contracts or less than duration, and then about 25% that's kind of our tariff or spot business. And that's primarily in some of the construction products and grain. So, think of our portfolio in that sense and you think about kind of pricing cycle. And then Kenny, I’ll let you add.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, Jeff, just to clarify, when we talked about the $7 billion that's related to share repurchases, not working cash flow generation.
Jennifer Hamann: And, and as you know, we are using our balance sheet and our EBITDA growth to be able to fund some of those share repurchases. So, I referenced we did the $2 billion in May, and that was funded through debt issuance. So, we do see cash growing. Some of that in terms of the free cash flow fall is impacted by the fact that we did have, and I mentioned this in my remarks, taxes year-over-year relative to the Cares Act are higher and impacting some of that free cash flow a little bit more. But the comments on the $7 billion were specific to share repurchases.
Eric Gehringer: The accumulation of initiatives, and we've talked before about the fact that we've got more than a dozen initiatives. The big ones continue to be our work on modernizing locomotives, implementation of BMS, with 800 more units this year. And even things as we look at continuing to invest in our waste side lubrication, all those point in the direction of being able to continue to become more fuel efficient.
Eric Gehringer: Absolutely. Thank you for the question, Allison. So, to your point, yes, the siding extension work was seven completed and 20 more to be completed for the year, at the end of the year, certainly assist us in our efforts to be able to grow train lengths. As I've mentioned before, though, we also have our process improvement, which is really focused on our transportation plan and looking at how we combine trains. I'm not going to guide you to a specific number by the end of the year. What I will certainly tell you, though, is that the entire team understands it's one of our single biggest levers to continue to drive productivity. And we're all focused on it day after day. I'll also point out that as we've been working through some of these transitory events, i.e. the bridge outage on the I-V that will become a temporary headwind to us in the beginning of the third quarter that does not stop all of our efforts, so they continue to grow that through the rest of the year.
Eric Gehringer: Sure. So we did reaffirm the fact that we're still targeting $500 million. Regarding your question about the service and thinking about some of the transitory events we've shared, I'll just give you one example. I mentioned before, train length is a large productivity driver for us. And as a result of some of the transitory events, we've had to be intentional with actually reducing train length temporarily, and a couple trains as we think about getting them on a different reroute path than they would normally go. So, certainly you could consider that to be a headwind. You still have a whole team of people here that are committed with a number of different initiatives to still drive towards that $500 million by the end of the year.
Eric Gehringer: So, I'll start. So if you look at the bridge outage in Northern California combined with the wildfires east of there, we've done the work to see the impact of TPC, and you're talking about five to eight points in percentage increase in that metric. After that, what's ahead of us, Justin is really our continued work on variability reduction, looking at every opportunity, as we think about dwelling terminals, as we think about train stops online a road, how do we understand how to avoid those in the future, and then putting up either new process or new mechanism in this place to do that. So still lots of work ahead of us, still a team focused very critically on ensuring that we return the service to what our customers expect.
