John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob. So as we look at 2014, we see the economy is slowly strengthening. We're well positioned for economic growth and are confident in our ability to deliver on our customers' growing transportation needs. Excellent service is key to our future success. It supports our pricing initiatives and improves network and asset utilization. It also demonstrates the power of our value proposition to new customers that are looking for viable transportation alternatives. Our capital investment strategy will be another key part of UP's success going forward. We are making investments today, building the capacity that we need for tomorrow. Longer term, we remain bullish on our future prospects. We'll continue our unrelenting focus on both safety and service to our customers. We strongly believe in the power and the potential of the Union Pacific franchise to drive even greater financial performance and shareholder returns in the years to come. So with that, let's open it up to your questions.
John J. Koraleski: And the latest numbers, the 10 days is from, what, November? Down 10 days, Southern Powder River Basin. So it'll be interesting to see how the December numbers play out.
John J. Koraleski: Tom, the last report we saw was November data that said Southern Powder River Basin stockpiles were down about 10 days. So it's somewhere around -- so that would put it somewhere around 60 days.
John J. Koraleski: We're going to have to just wait and see as we look at what happens to the spreads in the market. We're excited. There's a couple of California destinations that are supposed to come online. We have to wait and see how that is going to play out in terms of the permitting process, as Eric said. There's a lot of moving parts to this one so...
John J. Koraleski: I would also just call to everybody's attention that we've just proven in the last 2 years the impact weather can have on the grain harvest. And it can be pretty dramatic from year to year. So again, all of those things kind of enter the picture.
John J. Koraleski: Sure, Ken. You know what, we're looking at this as an opportunity. We'll certainly do everything we can to help educate the new members and make sure that they understand the dynamics. It has taken us a long time for not only Union Pacific but other railroads to get to a revenue adequacy point of view. And when you get there, that's not the end of the game, that's not the goal, because the whole issue of replacement cost still has to be dealt with. It still has to be brought into the picture. And so, therefore, as we look at it, we're not afraid of it. We're ready to engage and we don't see at this point in time any negative consequences of changing out the STB members.
John J. Koraleski: I think we're going to just leave it, Ken, with Rob's comment, which was we expect volumes to be positive this year. And how positive is really going to depend -- we're sitting here on January 23. There's a lot of year to play out. So we'll see. We are optimistic at this point in time that the economy does appear to be strengthening as we go forward. We like the prospects of having a strong grain harvest to kick the year off for us and hope that the second half is just as good. We're watching the coal burn just like you guys all are in terms of what's happening on the weather conditions and the economy activity to drive further consumption and the natural gas prices. So there's a lot of things right now. And if we can go through the year without a lot of government interference from debt ceilings and budget bills and those kinds of things, we could have a fairly decent year. But we're certainly not afraid of the volume in any shape or form.
John J. Koraleski: I don't think we comment on where exactly volume's going. But I will say that the South has done a stellar job stepping up to that volume increase. And actually, I would welcome continuing to see that trend. It would leverage the capital investment we've been putting down there and leverage the process improvements that our team has put in place. I'm really pretty excited about that.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. Our long-term goal, John, we started this a long time ago, is to say that every carload of freight that moves on the Union Pacific meets our reinvestability threshold. So that's kind of like an entry-level as we look at pricing opportunities. And that's why in some cases, our volume growth hasn't been quite as strong because we're being relatively selective in terms of what business does move on our franchise.
John J. Koraleski: If you look at what we're going to do, Keith, we're going to invest in the economics. And we need to have a return on that in order to justify and pay for the investment that we're making in that. So at this point in time, we're not looking at changing any of our fuel. Basically, our fuel surcharge situation is designed to recover changes in fuel cost, and it will continue to be that way.
John J. Koraleski: Okay. Thank you so much for joining us this morning. We're looking forward to speaking with you again at the end of April and in between as we have various meetings. So take care and thanks again.
Eric L. Butler: Tom, as you know, our Coal volumes are really driven by economic activity, both on the industrial side and the consumer side. Certainly, weather patterns, particularly Coal, particularly hot weather, will drive that. Natural gas prices will drive that. If you look at the last 30 days, certainly, those items seem to suggest a stronger coal outlook. But as you know, all of those items could move around month to month, quarter to quarter. And overall, coal market share still is hanging in there, around 39%. It's been pretty, pretty static. So the outlook drivers will be exactly what we said: economic activity, weather patterns, natural gas prices. And we -- I'm not sure we have any special ability to predict that better than anybody else.
Eric L. Butler: Tom, as you said, it feels like the economy is slowly strengthening. And our competitor that you made reference to, they're a good company. Certainly, we all have had challenges in the past, and we assume they'll work through those. Our focus is really on driving our business development opportunities. We have a great service value proposition. We're growing our business development, as we said. Our Domestic Intermodal, I think this is the fifth record year for Domestic Intermodal. So we feel -- we continue to feel pretty good about our outlook and our opportunities in that space.
Eric L. Butler: So Allison, as we've said before, the core part of our strategy is, as you suggest, strengthening destination facilities, identifying places where crude can land, identifying places where we could strengthen originations, whether with rail partners or on our own accord. So that's a core part of our strategy. We're going to continue to do that. In some parts of the country, there are clearly lots of environmental and other processes that you have to go through to get new facilities up and running. And so there probably are not a significant number of new facilities that will physically be coming online in 2014, but that is a core part of our strategy to basically strengthen facilities. Having said that, we acknowledge and recognize that, really, where and when and how crude flows between the various shale plays and the various destination regions really are fundamentally going to be driven by the market and spreads. And we have probably no greater ability to predict that than anyone else.
Eric L. Butler: No, that's it. As you said, we're excited about it. We think we got a great franchise and we're excited about the opportunities.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. As we said we're going to have some difficult comps in the first quarter, just because first quarter '13 was so strong for us. As you know, steamship carriers are constantly looking at ports, and the ports that we have access to are still a strong part of their portfolio. There will be economic drivers, but we don't think that there's any particular specific port-driven drivers that you'll see that will change the volume outlook in the latter half of the year.
Eric L. Butler: No. I would just say what Rob is continually said in the past. As we reported price, the majority of our price has been on legacy pricing. So I don't think it's an assumption that [indiscernible]
Eric L. Butler: David, I'm going to let Lance talk about kind of the safety-related issues. But as we say, we really don't talk publicly about pricing strategies. We would assume that if there's a safety mandate that has a higher cost or price car associated with it that would be reflected in the supply chain, associated with moving crude by rail.
Eric L. Butler: So in terms of the Mexican automotive -- the Mexico manufacturing automotive market, there are a lot of new facilities coming online in the next several years, which will grow the production in Mexico from roughly 3 million vehicles a year today to 4 million vehicles a year, if you go out several years from now. We, with our franchise, continue to expect to get our fair share of that in terms of shipping those vehicles to market. But those -- whatever vehicles are manufactured in Mexico will, of necessity, have to displace vehicles manufactured elsewhere, unless the total sales number is going up.
Eric L. Butler: I'm not quite sure of the question. But clearly, as sales increase for the industry, given our strong Mexico franchise, we expect to get our fair share of that growth.
Eric L. Butler: No. Certainly, as we are continuing out the crop year, which kind of goes through the mid part of the second quarter, you would probably see similar trends as what we've seen in the fourth quarter. The further out that should look, it certainly depends on the crop year for next year. The weather and the size of the crop that should get beyond that.
Eric L. Butler: We measure length of haul from the border. So I don't think it will have a material impact in terms of on length of haul metrics.
Eric L. Butler: As I was saying, our assessment is that there's a significant overcapacity in the steamship industry today and short of worldwide improvement in industrial production that consumes that capacity they'll need to have something done to absorb that capacity. So there are a lot of conversations going on, as you mentioned. I'm not sure we have any particular insight or perspective beyond what's out there in the marketplace.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I don't think we historically break that out, but those are good vehicles for us to grow our business. We have a great business development focus, and both of those are and continue to grow nicely for our business.
Eric L. Butler: We historically have not discussed publicly the total size of our fleet. We do think that those strategies of an owned fleet are the right strategy. So we will be maintaining -- you could assume we will be maintaining or growing the size of our fleet.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. So as you've heard me say many, many times, we're not going to slow down to get to the target at a later date and time. And I hope you're right with everything you've said, that we're going to get there as efficiently and aggressively as we can, as we have over the last milestones that we've set. And as I cautioned, things that we are mindful of are mix impacts driven by the economy, weather, fuel. Those are all factors that go into it, so we'll see how it all plays out. And I hope you're right, and we're certainly going to take advantage and leverage every opportunity we have to get there as efficiently and as soon as we can.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Justin, I mean, also as you've heard us say many times, I mean, we are going to continue to be opportunistic in our share buybacks. I think you saw that in the fourth quarter, where the pace was quite strong. I think our 60 million over a 4-year period new program shows our confidence over the long term. It all starts with generating the cash on the front end. And that's -- our primary focus is to do that to enable us to continue to have the opportunities to invest in the business where it makes sense, where the returns are there, continue to raise the dividend and continue to have an aggressive buyback program. In terms of the targets, I've said many times, it's not how we initially build it, but we're kind of looking at that low 40s debt-to-cap range. And there's no hard number there, but that low 40s feels good to us and we plan on moving in that direction.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Scott, just I think the way to look at the legacy, I wouldn't read too much into that. I think there was about 1.5 point impact throughout the year of 2013. So that's probably a safe number to continue to think about. In terms of mix, Scott, as you know, it's difficult, and we don't give guidance on mix. But if strong long-haul grain shipments are stronger this year, which -- certainly, that'd be a plus. That in and of itself will have a positive impact on mix. There are other moving parts, as you know. But it's why we shy away from giving mix guidance because there are so many moving parts, but that would be a net positive.
Robert M. Knight: No. Scott, actually, we're not -- what I'm just saying is that there's a lot -- the same moving parts that we've had for the last 10 years, we're going to have those same moving parts as we look forward. And that's going to be the economy, the impact of fuel, the impact of mix on our business, so the higher depreciation rates that I guided you. Those are all factors. But don't read that to think that we kind of lost our enthusiasm to continue to move the ball forward on being aggressive in improving our margins, and we hope stars are aligned and we hope to be able to leverage each of those opportunities as we continue to make progress.
Robert M. Knight: Chris, no. I mean, as you've heard me say many times, we've been reluctant to give any kind of a run rate or guidance on that. We'll -- the common theme will be we will continue to generate a strong cash position as we can and we will continue to be opportunistic in our share buybacks.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Let me start with the expected employment numbers. I mean, that, as we've always said, will depend on what volume is. We would expect that if volume increases, our overall headcount will increase but not 1:1 because, obviously, there is productivity that we're able to achieve. And that excludes any capital headcount as sort of our -- to run our railroad. On the inflation side, yes, as I pointed out in my comments, we do expect 2014 inflationary pressures to moderate. We see that on the labor line at around 2% or so, all in, driven by some health and welfare positive news in our overall inflation expectations. And pension is part of that.
Robert M. Knight: Bill, for competitive reasons, we don't share that number. It's a fraction of our business. It's certainly not the majority, but that's a piece of information that we have not publicly shared.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Walter, as you know, we don't give pricing guidance. So we're not getting -- other than that we're focused on it. We price per value. We're confident in our ability to get reinvestable pricing and above inflation. We also commented that we don't -- won't get the turbocharge, if you will, over 1.5 on legacy and that we will feel a little bit of pressure on the moderating inflationary pressures for those contracts that are -- have that index. Beyond that, we haven't given commentary on our pricing, other than to say that we're going to continue to provide a good safe service to our customers and continue to look for opportunities to price to value and then continue to achieve core pricing in our business.
Robert M. Knight: Justin, all those are factors -- this is Rob. All of those are factors that go into what it ultimately would be. But I haven't changed our view in terms of needing to achieve as this kind of a rough target, that 50% incremental margin on our growth as we look forward. So how we get there will depend on mix, will depend on fuel prices, will depend on a lot of things. But that's still our focus.
Robert M. Knight: No. So from an industry standpoint, I'm not making any reference to UP, but from an industry standpoint, it's still a competitive industry. The international intermodal industry has surplus capacity with all the steamship carriers coming on. The domestic intermodal industry, it's a huge opportunity but you've got a lot of effective competitors. It is a competitive environment.
Robert M. Knight: XPO's acquisition of Pacer, from our perspective, we think is a good deal for XPO and Pacer and our business relationships with them. And we expect that to be positive for us. In terms of the other IMCs in the industry, there's always a lot of moving parts. Our approach is to have business relationships with the wide swath of the IMCs, and we'll continue to do that.
Robert M. Knight: Matt, Jack and I are both on the FXE board in it for those of you who may not be as close to it, we have -- we own 26% of interest. I think everybody's excited about what's happening down in Mexico on multiple fronts but specifically to the energy reform. I think there probably are a lot of bases yet to be tagged and a lot of progress yet to be made. So I don't think it's necessarily a this-year kind of activity. But it's probably several years out yet before you actually see it start to take hold. But nonetheless, it's a great opportunity for us and our partner.
Robert M. Knight: Matt, this is Rob. Yes, we don't break that out that way. I mean, it's good business for us, and I wouldn't look at it as materially different from our base business, but that's something we don't break it out that way.
Robert M. Knight: No, John. In fact, I've used that terminology actually for several years. Basically, what we're saying is at a minimum, something has to be able to be priced at a reinvestable level. We price to market, and we're confident we add it all up if that's above inflation.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Higher returns and higher interest rates are driving a lower expected expense is what -- are the big drivers this year.
Lance M. Fritz: Well, thanks for the question. We love volume growth. It does present opportunities for generating productivity, both in network yards and on line road and train size, many other areas. We are well prepared for it. I wouldn't categorize capital investment as a challenge. I'd categorize that as another opportunity and one that we love to embrace. Because right now, we're generating pretty attractive returns on those investments. So we're in pretty good shape for the growth that we see coming forward.
Lance M. Fritz: I wouldn't say that. I don't think we can commit to that. I think we can commit to what Rob has said, which is we pursue productivity regardless of the environment. And our track record is such that we generate productivity.
Lance M. Fritz: I don't think we can comment on that. The things that are being discussed are the tank car standards that's really driven by the DOT and PHMSA. We already treat crude oil trains in a fashion that's over and above what's required by regs in terms of keeping our communities safe. So I don't think I'd comment on that.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. Our intent is to always move headcount less than the growth rates and volume, and that's what we'd anticipate doing.
Lance M. Fritz: So John, this is how we think about PTC: The first is I'm very proud of our team and our industry for driving that project to a point where now I can see, I believe, it's going to be successful and we're going to have put in place a significant -- maybe the industry's most significant technological advancement in a very short -- relatively short period of time. All PTC does is overlay on your existing system and stop trains for 4 reasons. So PTC on its own and the technology that we're investing right now on its own does not enhance operations. It is a safety enhancement, and I applaud that. Having said that also, the technology that's embedded in PTC might form a foundation for future investments that could be helpful, but that's over and above the investments that we're making right now, and they'll have to be justified by that return.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, absolutely, there are. We're pretty deeply penetrated on DPU. But every unit that we buy is DPU-equipped. And so we'll continue to be able to penetrate parts of our network and train service that aren't currently DPU-ed. So that's always a benefit and a plus. And in terms of other technologies, we are actually deploying 2 different types of technology that will benefit in fuel consumption rate across the network. We're doing that in a measured fashion, testing it and highlighting it in certain areas first, but I see that we've got a lot of leverage we can continue to pull on fuel -- fuel consumption rate.
