Jim Young: Thanks, Rob. With just a couple of months remaining this year, it's probably safe to say that we are on pace to make this our best area for our railroad. As the economy continues to grow, we are ready to safely and reliably call more freight. The infrastructure investments we've made over the last several years enable us to operate more productively and with greater reliability. With that comes better service for our customers which increases UP's value preposition and financial returns. The men and women of Union Pacific are dedicated to serving our customers, delivering the goods that are vital to our nation. It's been our business for almost 150 years and we look forward to continuing that success in the future. So with that let's open it up to your questions.
Jim Young: Clearly there was an impact on the numbers but it was relatively minor on the cost I mean the bigger issue for me was maintaining the customer service and commitments to our customers or when you have that border closed we had many of our auto facilities who were at risk closing down because of parts and now our team did a good job of keeping things moving. We got a great feedback back from our customers.
Jim Young: There is probably some shift as Jack had mentioned on the auto parts if you look at it, auto parts were flat year-over-year and some of that may have gone highway when you look at it but again it was relatively minor.
Jim Young: This is Jim. I think you need to look at the charge Jack had in there to join the core price numbers and that really takes the mix out of the equation. The fact of the matter is our core pricing numbers were up compared to second quarter. You really do have to watch with the mix on an average revenue per car basis as we committed our core price was up.
Jim Young: If you just looked at intermodal, Scott, the only thing that was a mix impact is the strength of the international business where we still have a legacy contract impact there and that grew quite well in the third quarter which created some negative mix but we still had positive price in both our domestic and our international business.
Jim Young: Its still going to be, Walter, there are still good ratios and I will give you an example, we are hiring now for next year. You are going to see more people in the classroom getting trained, its all assumption next year but and its not a linear relationship, the cost in this business are kind of the step function out here but even though you will see some of those cost increases we are still going to have very good leverage.
Jim Young: Well, it's really no different from where we have been the last couple of years. We are engaged with center to Rockefeller and the main item is tell a story. By any measure when you look at the success of deregulating the industry, it's an absolute great story. You look at new investment that's going into the industry. The private sector and if you agree, the country has an infrastructure problem; there's a lot of private money that's gone into new investments. So keep them engaged, provide great service, keep our customers engaged in terms of where investment is going and also point out if they get it wrong. We'll go backwards in investment; we'll go backwards in job, so…
Jim Young: I have to tell you, when I think about the problems in this country, I have a hard time seeing where the issues in the railroad are in the top 50 list. It doesn't mean we don't pay attention to it and we stay focus and engaged.
Jim Young: Hey Tom, first of all, the increase is not a function of incentive comps a big driver. As Rob mentioned, it was of the increase third quarter about 10% of that growth. So take it off the table, yeah obviously we're finally recycling we had 4.5% percent increase on the labor agreement that's out here. We had a lot of overtime and we have been pushing the overtime curve here in terms of absorbing some of the volume that's out of here. Our healthcare cost have jumped up pretty substantially here in third quarter. You look out to the future; our inflation number that we look at it in that 3.5% to 4% range, that's the way you ought to think about. Now that again we still have productivity in our targets when you work in the railroad and your leading department is you offset inflation in terms of productivity, that's obvious.
Jim Young: It's going to vary of minx. Give an example, it looks what Rob was talking about earlier, we increased our hiring in terms and numbers on [TE&Y] train and engine crew employees. They have a tendency to have the highest average earnings, if you are out running on the railroads, then you can get a mix impact there that will drive that cost up also.
Jim Young: But it is an episodic, its not something fundamental or from an infrastructure perspective that I think will be causing us to miss a forecast or not take advantage of the market opportunity and in terms of the tear up, we're watching that very carefully and we're taking opportunities to increase our rates as necessary and as available to us and being very careful as we think through our commitments to customers and also what the market's done.
Jim Young: We're going to loose our hiring this year; we're going to end up with about 1700 new hirers into the company. I would expect our fourth quarter employment levels probably to be up a little bit from where we were. We are flat year-over-year. Next year, our attrition numbers are going to run around 3,500 to 4,000. :
Jim Young: Well, it depends with in some cases we are taking advantage of the attrition in terms of the productivity initiatives when you look at it, we won't hire again if you think what we are telling on the train side and productivity there you won't have a one-for-one with volume there. But again what your assessment, I am not going to make a prediction of volume other than I think its going to be positive and we will be up a little bit next year.
Jim Young: Bill, our comments on that margin were more related to what you think about the productivity levels. We certainly have our facilities on legacy pricing. We have opportunities in terms of when you look at demand but the discussion I was thinking about and as we are talking through is if you are holding pricing firm, how do you think about productivity expanding or contracting the margin and as we've talked earlier as you move up that capacity curve you are going to start to add a few more to costing. And then taking into account what will happen with the pricing numbers, I mean that possibility is clearly there.
Jim Young: Well, and there's another piece there, as you think about we start to push up in that 190000 car range or 195000 what is that thing about overall demand which should say that the better pricing environment overall for capabilities so. Jack in his team have, you know Lance has the challenge of continuing productivity. Jack and his team has the challenge of continuing to drive prices up the reflect demand.
Jim Young: We did talk about; we are looking at maybe acquiring a 100 new locomotives next year, efficiency emissions requirements long-term that's out of here. On the PTC question, it's a combination of several things in terms of going from $200 to about $100 million, design resources just overall, the complexity of this system, has wounded deployment down a little bit. We are doing everything we can in terms of getting this thing to reality. The regulatory discussion or political discussion will I think happen more next year when (inaudible) is going to be required to kind of meet, we are going to also look at certain checkpoints and you'll look at the feasibility of technology that, unfortunately we're spending a lot of money to try to get it there.
Jim Young: Cherilyn we are not giving guidance on future pricing other than, we think we have the capability to get real price. We are seeing very good yields on new products reporting in the marketplace that directly reflect the service that we put in. I am feeling pretty good about our capability. We have to perform service wise and we need to get the pricing up and returns up if we're going to justify the capital we are putting in.
Jim Young: We did quite a bit of research before we kicked the campaign off and guess what, we confirmed what you just said that in a lot of cases, customers have to believe that they don't have a track outside the warehouse, they can do business with railroad or if they don't think they are big enough in terms of doing business with railroad. Or we are tough to deal with. The goal of the campaign, there is three objectives. One to really help a very large addressable market, understand that they do have an option for rail and that's a complete logistic solution. So we feel that there is a lot of capability there. Second, I want to increase the awareness from the local mayor to state senator about how important rail is in terms of the business we do. As it probably would surprise you, many folks, their experience with rail is they are sitting out of sightings and they don't really see the clarity of how important we are. And third for us is employee pride. We've got a lot of leverage going with service and lot of our employees are interested in how do we grow and add jobs into the company long-term. So, those three factors come in and play. We have changed the organization, we have got an on boarding team, we have got a new website, terms call it micro site, terms what we are doing. Jack and his team have added resources. The worst thing you do is you put an ad campaign out and customer makes the call and you are frustrated. That's the easiest way to failure. So we are pretty pumped up at, in fact some of the earlier calls, a lot of this is not just intermodal when you think about the capability. There are some of the earlier calls where opportunities in the carload network.
Jim Young: I am not going to give specific guidance on the pricing, although clearly you go back two, three years ago we had a bigger book of legacy opportunity. So legacy in terms of driving some of the price was greater then than it is today. But again we still have a nice look at legacy business out there and as I said it earlier, we are seeing very good price capability for the service and value and products we are putting in. So, it will be part of the equation going forward here may be a little less than we were in '07. But part of that is your assumption is where volumes are going. You get out there two, three years from now. If you believe as I do that rails got to have a greater share of intercity freight in the demand of growth. I think the pricing number could be pretty strong.
Jim Young: As you may recall, we've launched an efforts called project operating ratio and in fact one of the things we think service extremely well if we launch that effort prior to the economic downturn, what that effort was as we lifted all 40000 plus of our employees to tackle everything they do from productivity to adding value to customer which we know is important to improve our service and add value on the pricing front. So, we felt good coming into that economic downturn certainly by the time of later half of '08 came around. That was well underway and had a lot of momentum. So, yes we have made progress compared to that '07 timeframe but I wouldn't characterize that was the debt of our productivity either.
Jim Young: To the extent that it's necessary we are investing both in boxes and chassis and creating universal chassis pools to improve the efficiency and the effectiveness of the utilization of that asset. So I think we're covered.
Jim Young: Well, I think the big piece of it is the volume leverage but if you step back a minute, it had also point it goes to things like our unified plan, it goes to our infrastructure investments we made over the years. It goes to coronation between marking operation and the products we're putting in. I mean this is a business that (levers) with volume to a point but you can also reach a point that you start to see negative productivity if you overload the network but the key is managing that network to its maximum efficiency point on the capacity curve.
Jim Young: Hey George I think that's a good example when we start to think about productivity in the future. I think it's a good example where depending on where the growth comes if you have more leverage in other areas. Look at lumber, which as Lance mentioned we have had some of the flat cars our lumber loadings are only about 20% to 25% of where they were in the peak back in '06-'07. So, if you see your lumber business pick up, you should see pretty nice leverage on that particular group, you got excess equipment sitting around, we have capacity in our yards we still have our 111 principal yards, we got about 23, 24 that are very much under utilized so we got good upside there.
Jim Young: Well, thank you for joining us today. I hope you are happy with the results. We are going to continue to focus on improvement in this company and now look forward to talking to you in early January. Thank you.
Jack Koraleski: You know John, it's pretty early to tell the jury still out and whether or not they've ordered too much. What our intermodal ocean carriers have told us is at least some of them have told us they expect their ships to be relatively full for as much as another 60 days which usually by now you are starting to see the percentage of capacity starting to look down a bit, so that's pretty good news for us and we are watching very carefully in terms of the inventory sales ratios and things like that there is certainly nothing better that alarms us and tells us that we are going to be heading on a downturn here. So we are feeling pretty optimistic right now.
Jack Koraleski: Yes, okay. You know at this point in time, in terms of equipments supply those kinds of things, we're pretty well equipped and ready to run as Lance said we pulled the C5's and some C4's out of storage. We still have a few more that we could if we need to. In terms of overall port disruption, it tends to be episodic actually. There was a problem at the Port of Houston with an electrical outage for four days, some of those kinds of things but overall, ports seem to be running pretty well. So, I don't really see any major obstacles there. Probably Jack it did impact the velocity and if you look at the customer queuing piece in terms of grains.
Jack Koraleski: Jon, the fundamental change that took place was early in the year when some of the ocean carriers decided the best course of business was to trans load at the port and then turn around and send the boxes back. So that happened nothing really substantive has changed as we have gone through the years, some ocean carriers allow their freight to move inland, others are preferring to trans load on the west coast. We did notice particularly this quarter a stronger move of empty boxes back the revenue empties that we move to the west coast was much stronger we said basically they weren't willing to allow the containers to sit and look for a back haul load they would rather export that to Asia so they can turn the box again. But other than that there really hasn't been anything substantive change as we gone through the year.
Jack Koraleski: Well, Jon in many ways other than an intermodal facility, it's all interrelated. When we look at for example our Sunset Corridor that Lance had talked about that we have started backup are going to do about 16 miles new rail this year. Other products moving that line, so you step back in that network and when we think the next three to five years you have to think that holistically how will all six businesses grow? How do you manage the network in terms of the choke points? I'm pretty bullish when I think about the next five years for this business that rail is going to grow each share of total intercity business and we are going to invest accordingly. The key in this business is service and we want to stay ahead of that curve to provide great service, we see value in terms of our yield force and great growth.
Jack Koraleski: Well, if you are talking intermodal we have some targeted areas, we are looking at I mean we are out right now looking at property for the long-term and we think about what's happened with property values right now. Now is a great time to be in that market when you think strategically. You can acquire property and send these vocations at $0.50 on the dollar from where it was three years ago. So we are making acquisitions today that we are looking three, four, five, six years out that we would need.
Jack Koraleski: Well, the only issue was in, but this would be in early October, the impact of the typhoon, the three day impact of the typhoon in Asia and then also the Golden Holiday in China but in the September timeframe I didn't see a significant impact on our numbers at all.
Jack Koraleski: Ken we're probably going to do about a million and a half tons in export coal this year but we are working diligently with potential developers of port capacity which is kind of our biggest choke point to move off the West Coast and we're getting some bites there that we think are pretty attractive and pretty interesting. So we're hopeful that we're going to see export coal improve from the Union Pacific franchise perspective. So that will be a good thing and yeah secondly, we saw the impact that weather could have last winter when we went from 75 days, down to basically on plan from a stockpile perspective but right now the way things are shaping up through the first quarter, our coal demand looks pretty solid, much better than where we were a year ago and hopefully that will continue. I hate to say this, everybody in the room will throw daggers at me but I hope we have a nice cold long winter and that will help us again.
Rob Knight: I mean a lot of things can happen in the fourth quarter to us whether in volume is obviously will be a key driver. So, it's not always true that the fourth quarter is better, I mean in fact I think it's probably 50-50 to be honest if you kind of looked at a longer historical and recall that last year, we had a fairly sizeable, favorable adjustment on the PI, personal injury and asbestos So, we're not making projections in terms of how that's going to play out this year but just keep that in mind as you look at (inaudible) versus last year's fourth quarter.
Rob Knight: Yeah, overall we said that fuel contributed to our overall arc about five points and there was overall negative mix of about three or four points which is a result of the strong growth in overall and intermodal and some of the mixed impact that Jack talked about in our industrial products line. Jack, if you want to talk about the intermodal specifics.
Rob Knight: Sure, as we look forward, Walter, we don't see any reason why productivity can't be sustained now that doesn't mean that's fairly sustained at the same rate as we've seen through this year as volume first started returning. For the long run we anticipate we going to continue to be able to use our assets productively, both employees as well fixed assets.
Rob Knight: Just one of the points to keep in mind as we performed well throughout as the economy turned down the comparisons get more difficult through each quarter. That's just something else that there's a factor in that.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Bill let me, we just to kind of reset the table here, when we talk about accelerating pricing, that was when we had a 3.5% core price in the first quarter but we said at that point in time which is the only guidance we gave on pricing is that we expected throughout 2010 for that to increase and in fact that's -- in fact what we have seen 5.5% core price in the third quarter I think is evidence of in fact that expectation.
Rob Knight: Yes, it should go with volume and you can have a mix effect depending on what equipment it is moving whether its equipment that in fact has rent associated with it or whether its something doesn't. And of course we are always focused on offsetting any increase in equipment risk with productivity. Bottom line is, it will grow with volume but there is a mix effect in there.
Rob Knight: Yeah, and by the way in the third quarter it was a little higher when it was related to state taxes and the timing issues within some of the states, so looking forward I would bank on around a 38% rate.
Lance Fritz: Tom our train length opportunities still exist as we go into 2011, specific to intermodal, we still have a upside, it depends on where the business comes in terms of the lanes in the quarter that those trains run in, but across the board, across all our product mix, we still have train length opportunities and it still will be an important part of our productivity and business.
Lance Fritz: In terms of locomotives and storage we've got somewhere between 850 to 900. I'll remind you that those are older locomotives I mentioned in my comments. The average age is 26 years. We've got all of the DPU capable and high efficiency units out and running but we do have 850 plus that are available for that.
Lance Fritz: Can I have one thing, the other thing I noticed you look at our key measures from the operating perspective; we have been demonstrating productivity improvement steadily since 2007.
Lance Fritz: Yeah the mix of what's stored right now in terms of freight cars varies of course you know with lumber down we've got a fair amount of cars that are used for transporting lumber. With the automotive finished goods down, we've got a fair number of auto racks that are stored. So you are right there is a definitely a differentiation in the type of cars that we've get stored.
