Lance Fritz: And thank you, Rob. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today in Omaha are Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, Chief Financial Officer. As I'm sure, you all saw on Tuesday, we announced a transition that will take place in our operating department. Jim Vena will be transitioning his responsibilities over to Eric Gehringer at the beginning of the year, while staying on until the end of June as a senior adviser. I'm excited to have Eric lead our operating department into the future. Eric has a track record of success at our company and will push the team to continue to think boldly as we pursue operational excellence. I want to express my deep appreciation to Jim for the leadership he brought to Union Pacific. Jim accomplished everything I could have hoped for and more. He brought a level of expertise and speed of decision-making that has been critical to our transformation. I'm very pleased that he's going to continue working closely with Eric and the rest of the team over the next several months to guide us through a smooth transition. while seeing some key projects to completion. Thank you very much. Jim. Before discussing our third quarter results, I want to acknowledge the work of our dedicated employees. As we continue to operate our railroad through the pandemic, the women and men of Union Pacific are doing an excellent job keeping themselves and their families safe. As a result, they are able to provide our customers with a service product that is fluid and uninterrupted. Our rail network continues to operate at a very high level, reflecting the talent, commitment, and resilience of our Union Pacific team. Moving to third quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2020 third quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.01 per share. This compares to $1.6 billion or $2.22 per share in the third quarter of 2019. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 58.7% an all-time quarterly record and an 80 basis point improvement compared to the third quarter of 2019, despite moving 4% fewer carloads. Our third quarter results represent another step in our company's transformation. We demonstrated our ability to adjust to a sharp rebound in volume, while continuing to provide a safe, efficient and reliable service product to our customers. The results we are delivering both operationally and financially deepen our conviction that the changes we're making to transform our railroad are on track and on target. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim to provide an operations update.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. Our first priority has been and will always be safety. We have a continuous focus on improvement and I'm confident the team has the right plan and is taking the right actions to make Union Pacific a safer railroad going forward. Our service and financial results demonstrate the transformation of our company. We are a more efficient and a more reliable railroad that is driving value for our customers on the way to achieving operational excellence. Our enhanced service product coupled with a lower cost structure and innovative new services is opening up new markets and opportunities with our customers. And as you heard from Kenny today the team is winning by converting more business to rail our customers are reducing their carbon footprint to the tune of an estimated 16 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions so far this year as we move together toward a more sustainable future. Our optimism for the future has never been greater as Union Pacific is well positioned for a future of long-term growth and excellent returns. So with that let's open up the line for your questions. 
Lance Fritz: Yes and building up that Ken from an incremental margin or go forward margin perspective, of course we continue to expect that we're going to improve our margins. The capital investments that Jim just outlined are going to be a support. And we're also looking with Kenny's team at an end-to-end view of our intermodal product, whether it's international intermodal or domestic intermodal. And those both give us an opportunity to margin up whether it's by efficiency in the chain or an opportunity for better pricing. 
Lance Fritz: Yes. So, Jason, this is Lance. I get what you're asking. So part of what we're seeing in domestic strength is a restocking, because we can see that in the data as well, right? Inventory is relatively down. Sales are up and the inventory sales ratio is below where I think retailers traditionally would like it to be. So as we look into next year, some amount of that destocking probably drops off a bit. It's hard to say just exactly what happens in impact on mix and overall arc as that's occurring. One thing that is likely to occur as we go into next year would be, the surcharges dropping off in the L.A. Basin and up in the PNW, but those are really asterisks right now in terms of the overall yield that we're reporting. They're helpful, but very marginal.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Brandon. Thank you and that's a great series of questions. So the fundamental difference today versus 10 years ago is our service product is much, much better. It's much more reliable. We're actually doing what we say we're going to do. And we can see that very clearly in our KPIs when we break out the premium, the intermodal and automotive car trip plan compliance. And over 10 years that metric has actually gotten harder to achieve. So we're measuring ourselves through a harder metric and it's much higher in terms of absolute performance. Customers experience that. So the item number one is, we're positioned to be able to win business. Item number two is, we are not monolithic in terms of our focus. We want to grow. We know that growth volume is going to be a really important lever, as we continue to improve our operating ratio going forward and so is price and so is efficiency. And we think we can achieve all at the same time. And item number three, Brandon, a little bit of a proof statement that has been completely masked by the pandemic and its impact on the economy is in the last bid cycle, in the last bid season we were successful at winning business. We increased our penetration through the BCO cycle on their bid season and Kenny mentioned one, we increased our exposure in the parcel world and we've done it across a number of other retailers. So as we look forward, Brandon, you've got it exactly right. We are positioned to be able to grow and we're holding ourselves accountable for greater growth than we've experienced in the last 10 years. We should be able to achieve that. 
Lance Fritz: Yeah. And Scott, your question on what did I mean by end-to-end in the domestic intermodal world? That's not an announcement of us going retail. So let me be crystal clear about that. But it is an indication that -- and a recognition that the service product that wins in the marketplace looks transparent to a customer from end-to-end and needs to be simplified and much easier to deal with. And we are working with our IMCs and our significant IMC partners to make that happen. And that needs to look like one point of contact consistency across the entire supply chain. And there's just a whole lot of work that's going into that that I wanted to make sure wasn't lost in this call.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Amit, this is Lance. So, we're not disappointed at all with our incremental margins in the quarter, and we also think there's continued opportunity to be even better than that.
Lance Fritz: And Ravi, let me touch base on your margin question, right? Because you had a question about what's going to happen to margins on intermodal product as you look forward? In the long run and in the intermediate run, what Jim just outlined is a big driver of the margin on that product line, which is the efficiency of the service product and its service reliability. That sets us up for pricing through Kenny. And our expectation with all of our product lines is that over time, we're going to continue to have an opportunity to improve its margin. So I don't look forward and get a concern as volume grows that costs are going to overrun some other aspect of that product. We're in great shape.
Lance Fritz: 100% Cherilyn. And we're actively working that with every other Class I railroad partner, of course excluding BNSF, there's really not much opportunity to do that with them. But whether you think about it in the context of – historically, there's this watershed area. And for us that typically is along the Mississippi River, where if there's an origination on my side of the river, it's short haul for me to get it to an Eastern carrier. And a lot of times historically that's not looked terribly attractive. But when we're all thinking about our business the same way now and we're all eager to grow with our excellent service product, we're all starting to think about you know, just because it's a short-haul on my side, if it generates an attractive relationship with the customer, it gets more railroad penetration and there's opportunity on their side of the river to originate for us, we're making those trades. And we're not doing it historically like we might have where in order to make the move attractive for me, I'm going to move it out a route and put it to a gateway where it doesn't make sense. So I get a little length of haul. That's not happening anymore, right? We're all thinking very clearly about best overall route structure. What's the price it takes to win? Is that attractive in total? And if it is let's do it. And doing it collectively.
Lance Fritz: That's a great question, right? And part of that is, yes. We can continue to be better and better, as we're rebuilding G4. We're introducing wide span gantry cranes there. That will be part of being able to get a box on and off, a well quickly. But part of that also though is making sure we have visibility deeper into the supply chain. Right now if stuff shows up with very little advanced notice, it's hard to realign our rail resources to handle it. To the extent we can get a week or even two, we can realign our resources pretty quickly. That gets back to ITR. ITR is most effective, when a maximum number of customers are using it. And they're using it as far out as they can. And we're working really hard with our customer base to get that to be kind of normalized behavior.
Lance Fritz: Well. And one thing that we haven't talked about on this call is our new CIO, coming over starting at the beginning of November. And technology we've talked about throughout the call is an important element of our overall service product and ability to grow and win business and I'm sure he's going to have a help and we'll also have some capital elements, but I don't think it will be an unusually high spend. 
Lance Fritz: Thank you again Rob and thanks everyone for the questions. It was a really good session today. I want to thank Jim again. I'm so pleased we've got him for as long as we do. We're going to put him to good use over the next eight months. And we look forward to talking with all of you again in January to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results. Until then I wish you all good health. Please take care of yourself and take care. Thank you. 
Kenny Rocker: Thank you, Jim and good morning. For the third quarter, our volume was down 4%, primarily due to declines in our industrial and bulk business groups. The decrease in volume coupled with a 7% decline in average revenue per car drove freight revenue to be down 11% in the quarter. Weak economic conditions related to the pandemic continue to impact multiple market segments but it was partially offset by stronger demand in the premium group. So, let's take a closer look at how the third quarter performed for each of our business groups. Starting with bulk, revenue for the quarter was down 12% on a 9% decrease in volume and a 3% decrease in average revenue per car. Coal and renewable carloads were down 21% as a result of weaker market conditions from low natural gas prices and soft export demand. Volume for grain and grain products was up 3% from an increased demand of export grain partially offset by pandemic-reduced demand for ethanol. Fertilizer and sulfur carloads were up 4% due to the stronger export potash, slightly offset by lower production of phosphate rock. Finally, food and refrigerated volume was flat and strong beverage shipments were offset by softer food service and restaurant demand. Moving on to industrial, industrial revenue declined 18% from a 16% decrease in volume. Average revenue per car also declined 2% due to a lower fuel surcharge and negative mix. Energy and specialized shipments decreased 20%, primarily driven by reduced petroleum shipments due to low oil prices coupled with weak demand. Forest products volume was flat. Growth in lumber shipment from improved housing starts and repair and remodels offset declines in paper shipments. Industrial chemicals and plastic shipments declined by 9% due to the pandemic-related impacts on both global and domestic demand. Industrial chemicals volume had the largest reduction as these carloads are closely tied to industrial production. Metals and minerals volumes decreased by 22% due to reduced sand shipments associated with the decline in oil prices and a surplus in local sand. Rock shipments were also reduced due to the pandemic-related impact on demand and project delays. Turning now to premium, revenue for the quarter was down 1% on a 5% increase in volume. Average revenue per car declined by 6%, reflecting a lower mix from increased intermodal shipments. Automotive volume was down 9% for the quarter. At the beginning of the quarter, most North American manufacturing plants have resumed production, but our run rates were about 15% below 2019. Production volumes steadily increased throughout the third quarter as dealers restocked inventory. Intermodal volume decreased by 9% year-over-year driven by strength in domestic truckload and parcel shipments as well as onboarding new international business. Despite the pandemic, sales for most retailers increased throughout the quarter. And not only did we see the footprint of e-commerce sales of total U.S. retail sales grow year-over-year, but more importantly, we saw our volume increase as a result of key business wins. As we enter the fourth quarter, you can see on slide 11 that our overall volume is currently up 4% year-over-year. Based on these run rates we'd expect year-over-year fourth quarter volumes to be up low single-digit. We expect premium volumes to remain strong similar to current run rates for the remainder of the year. Strength in e-commerce is likely to continue and volumes will be bolstered by inventory restocking as we enter peak holiday shopping season coupled with recent business development wins. For bulk, the coal market remains challenged as high inventory and weather conditions continue to be factors. However, we have a positive outlook for export grain due to China's continued purchases. Additionally, we expect to see continued strength in beer shipments and we could see modest growth in our food and refrigerated line if food service and restaurant demand improve. And lastly, for industrial, the potential for crew by rail remains largely uncertain. If oil prices remain depressed, then we anticipate continued year-over-year declines. But on a positive note, we are anticipating slow sequential quarterly improvements for most of our other markets. The outlook for housing starts remain positive and our improved service product is opening up new markets for us like some short-haul business that wouldn't have been so attractive to us in the past. This is just one example of how we're staying focused on things we can control. The team has done a fabulous job executing on our marketing initiatives to win new business and as Jim stated earlier, our service product continues to improve, which helps our customers compete in the marketplace. With that, I'll turn it over to Jennifer who's going to talk about our financial performance. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So thanks for that question, Jason. First of all, I would just say that controlling what we can't control we're going to go out there and win as much business as we can in all those markets. And this year we've been able to do that. We've been able to grow our e-commerce business. We've got a great service product that Jim and the team has provided us. On the international side, we talked about an international win. And even on our domestic truckload side, we've been able to go out there and win new business. We have seen a little bit more of our international business transloaded into some of the West Coast ports. That just means that we have to compete on the domestic side, which I've said, we've been able to do. So regardless of how that product comes in, we've inserted a lot of technology with our customers to go out and win business, whether it's APIs that see the business coming from Asia, whether it's our ITR business to give great visibility to our customers on when their business will move. We feel like we've got a really strong domestic product to go out there and compete. And we've also won quite a bit on the international side.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. The only thing I'll add to that is, if you look at the data, the retail sales have actually improved sequentially. So there is a pull element to the demand. And the inventory that they sit today, they're lower than they were in 2019. So they're still lower inventory. And then you think about that e-commerce business, I believe that there is a structural change out there with the consumer preference that there's going to be more e-commerce there that fits very nicely with our service product.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. The only thing I'll add to that also is that the team has done a great job of inserting product into our supply chain. So whether it's matchbacks in Dallas, whether it's reloads out of the Midwest, we're doing everything we can to make it sticky for our customers. We've worked with the port to get some really strong standards to get out of the port, working with Jim's team. I talked about the technology on the API side where we're working with our largest international carriers, so that we can have visibility to when they come in and instill confidence and trust in our service. So we're taking a active, very proactive approach to winning in those markets.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. I'll start that off. Jim, you jump in if you got any questions in. When we walked into the third quarter, the entire supply chain was constrained. It's not a rail issue. You got the terminals. You got the port. You got the dray careers. Everyone was constrained. What we did immediately was got together as a team would operate in and then concurrently engaged our customers. And we did a number of things. You brought up a few. We adjusted our rates -- the transactional rates and our surcharges to make sure that we could protect those customers that are with us year round. We also inserted some new processes in place. So we gave our customers new guidelines for when they could bring their containers in. We sat down and talk with our customers about container dwelling and chassis dwelling. I talked about this a little bit earlier. We inserted as much technology as we could, adjusting and getting a higher percentage of our customers to our ITR functions so that they could have greater visibility to when the containers would move. We work with our dray carriers and started technology there. So they have really crystal clear times on when they can drop off or pick up a container. So as we stand today real-time, we feel really good about where we are. Yes it was bumpy earlier in the quarter. I think our customers really appreciate how we have worked with them up to this point. What I would also tell you is that as we are working with them to insert more efficiency and rigor around those processes, it's opened up more opportunities for us. I feel very bullish about the fact that with what Jim is doing with the train service, what our terminals are doing we're handling as much as possible but we can still through efficiency and adding in a little bit more equipment get more volume out of it. So we're feeling pretty bullish about it.
Kenny Rocker: We're right there now. We -- I'll segment some of the commodities that you're talking about. We feel really good about grain and walking into this quarter the demand that's out there and the demand that should move in this quarter and I'll call it the near-term we should see more of that. If you look at the other industrial commodities I made the comment that they are improving sequentially. Now we can help with that we can go out and add business development wins on top of that. And that's what the team is focused on. Our marketing team has just done a great job of going out there with data analysis and looking at where we should be hunting, where we should look at prospect and where the leads are, where to reconnect with customers or smaller receivers that we've lost and the sales team has got a really good proactive look on how much business we're doing with them. So the markets are coming back slowly sequentially, which will help and we're going to accelerate that by going out there and win the business.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. Thanks for that question. The short answer is yes. And that's not something new for us. I don't want you to think that we haven't done that. We've been assessing our land, looking at our land. I won't go into details of where we are and how we think about it longer term, but I can tell you that we would expect to take advantage of the resources near the port.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So thanks for that question. I'll tell you we're encouraged by the recent numbers for housing starts here that came out earlier this week. What's more encouraging for us is the mix. So there's a stronger mix of single-family housing starts and the multi-family housing stars which works out well for us.  As a franchise, hey we enjoy some pretty long-haul shipments to Chicago down into Texas. And we feel good about our strategy and ability to compete along the I-5. I think what people fail to realize or sometimes miss is when we think about housing starts, we're just not thinking about the lumber. There's just so many other commodities that are behind it. You got cement, you've got PVC piping, you've got the rock, you've got plastic for the carpet. So housing starts just really fuel a lot of things. They got... 
Kenny Rocker: Look I could go on. It really fuels a lot of things. So that's a very encouraging macroeconomic change for us. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I think it's fair for us not to go in and try to arrange that out for you and just leave that the fact that, we like the fact that it's improving and we take advantage of moving not just that lumber of moving into the house, but everything associated with it. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So I've got myself in trouble trying to size this grain market before. So what I will confirm for you is that you're right in line, it's going to be right in there with the highs over the last five years. It's going to be a really strong market. And so I can confirm that for you. I won't size it for you, but it's going to be a really strong market for us. 
Kenny Rocker: We've seen significant growth in those three areas and I'm adding Mexico to it. And so the PNW, the Gulf and Mexico, we have seen significant emphasis on that significant growth and we've got high expectations for the quarter. 
Kenny Rocker: Well let me start and then maybe Jennifer you want to talk about how we're handling it. But sure we've got lots of locomotives. I didn't even mention it this time. I think we've got 3,000 of them parked. So we won't be needing locomotives. If we could sell some of them and I'll leave that to Jennifer, but if we could do something and monetize them, I think we would but a pretty tough market. On the railcar side, it's depending on the mix of the traffic. We have cars, available cars parked, we've returned as many as we can to make us more efficient that way. So it's a mix on what we would have to add depending on the business. That's the way I look at it. If we were done operationally then you could say "Boy if the business went up on one segment on the grain side, we'd have to go on and lease more cars to bring it in." We will not. We still have efficiency left to be able to – if the business goes up x, we're going to be half of that on the cars that we have to put in to be able to handle that business. And that's what I'm real comfortable with.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. And I want to add on this one Lance. So to Lance's point, you're right. We're thinking about it as what would we do if we're one railroad. And that's product development components associated with that not just service. It could be something a little bit more than that. It could be something – a physical footprint that's there. Obviously, the equipment efficiency plays a part of it. But on an analog basis how do we go out and win that truck traffic that's out there that we haven't been able to capture.
Kenny Rocker: No. I mean, the fact that we're sitting down with our customers, talking about these chassis, talking about the container dwell, giving them really good data points, managing with data. So yeah, that's good.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I mean parcel has been strong. We've gone out there -- the market has grown, but like I mentioned we've gone out there and had some pretty strong wins across the board on our parcel business. Expanding beyond parcel because parcel business is a pretty what I'll call service-sensitive business. I've been very proud of the team our loop teams our carry [indiscernible] team. We've been able to win some service-sensitive business with two large OEMs. All of this is truck traffic. One of them is a new entrant to rail so -- and the product is both short haul and long haul. So if you look at e-commerce and look at the service-sensitive markets the team and -- behind that service product has done a great job of growing it. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So the two changes there is a strong reliable service product that we haven't had in some time. The other thing is a lower cost structure would also make piece of the business more attractive that we haven't seen. I made some comments around opening up new markets and gave some examples of long-haul business just a few minutes ago. But we're also seeing the same thing with some short-haul business -- short-haul carload business where again if we can add large pieces to existing train service or even small volume pieces to existing train service, it drops to the bottom line. But those two things alone have really enabled our sales team and our marketing team to be very pointed and deliberate in having conversations with our customers about truck conversions. 
Kenny Rocker: We have. We certainly have room to grow. There's opportunity for us to grow. And we're excited and bullish on where we expect to be. But there's no part of this where we're ready to say that we've arrived or we're done. We've got a lot of room to grow here. 
Jim Vena: Okay. So thanks Ken. I appreciate the question and thanks for saying a good two years not quite two years, but we've got a little bit of work left to do. So I'm looking forward to the next few months to really get this place going even better. So, on the intermodal and the expense side, I think we showed in the quarter how we can handle the business and be smart about how we handle the business. It is -- if we need to win we need to be able to look at things on a full supply chain view and that's what we did. And everybody knew that you cannot easily react without really disrupting the entire network when it comes to the intermodal volume that increased substantially. But I think the speed that we reacted and where our metrics are after was a great move. The expense will continue on a unit basis to be less purely because of the capital investments we've made in the network and the efficiency. We turn our locomotives way quicker, we turn our crews quicker, we turn our cars quicker, we handle the inspections quicker. We do so many things faster that we'll continue to build on that. So I don't see -- whatever business comes on I think we still will be able to improve our efficiency across the board. 
Jim Vena: Okay. Well listen I appreciate the question. So let me take it back to when I came on at Union Pacific. Lance and I sat down and we talked about what we needed to do and how I could help the team and -- at UP to drive the productivity that they already had in mind. It wasn't -- I think everybody in Union Pacific realized that listen there's an opportunity to become more efficient and be able to have a great service product and win in the marketplace. So those goals were there. And I was really -- it was refreshing to hear Lance and Rob we were all in the same room together talk about how we wanted to become the leader in the industry when it came to efficiency, operational efficiency and service excellence. So you build on that. I committed when I came on the 18 to 24 months. I could have stayed longer. I could have stayed shorter. There was nothing that was tying me into the company. But my job was to build the foundation of operational group that understood what was possible and what we could deliver. And I think that's what I've done. And I'm very comfortable that Eric is the right person to lead it. Let's just put this right down to is he Jim Vena? No he's not Jim Vena. And I'm not -- if you compare me to some of the other people that have led companies operationally, I'm not the same person. I think we've done a great job of not causing a lot of pain to our customers. In other situations people have done that. So we've been measured. Eric is the right guy. He's got the right background. He's got the right skill level. I like the way his mind works. He sees things quick. So I'm very confident that we've got that right. But below that and I'm disappointed in that we -- because of COVID we could not get everybody into CR team operationally whether it's Tom in the North or David Giandinoto in the South or John Turner very bright person, okay, or it's Hunt Cary. We've got a team of railroaders. And as you all know I've been railroading for a while that I'm very confident they understand what we're doing and they will deliver. Now I'm going to be around and I'll be honest if they make a slip up. I don't care whether I'm gone or not I will be phoning them okay? And asking them what the heck they're doing and I'll keep the heat on it. The worst thing we can do and the true measure of a leader is that, when you depart the team understands what's supposed to happen and you go out there and deliver. Two more points on that. One is, is I spent a lot of time with people at different levels in the company. And I've spent probably 20 days in the last three months putting on sessions with frontline supervisors that try to drive the decision-making have the right culture. And I'll continue to do that till the end of the year and some into the New Year. So I'm very confident that we've got the right team. And let me answer that last piece. What's left? Well, locomotives are going to be way more productive. Our train length, I see 10,000 feet, okay? I see our car freight velocity up another 5% or 10%. So I think that we are just starting. The mechanisms, the measures, the culture is all there to succeed. And I am not worried about it. And I am going to keep my Union Pacific stock. I'm not going to go out there and sell it because I'm very confident that we're going to do the right thing. So Justin, I hope -- a long answer and I apologize, but I just wanted to make sure I put it all on the table. 
Jim Vena: So let me answer it backwards. Yes, it's a bucket that we see and it is a substantial bucket on an expense side that we think that we've got the right plan in. The number you see if you peel back the mix issue, this last quarter we had over 4% improvement in our fuel use on a GTM basis if you look underneath. Now that's masked with the change in the type of trains that we're running and the volume, but I'm very comfortable that we have the right process in place that we continue to drop. I don't think we're going to get 4% every quarter. But the best way to look at it is -- is if we put more on the same number of trains, with the same number of locomotives that we had before and that's what we're doing on an average number of horsepower per train and we're able to build the trains to what our capacity is we will continue to see that fuel productivity number improve. Are we going to be the best in the industry? No. There's some advantages for railroad I used to work at. Their mainline grade is pretty -- is weighed at about half of ours. So we're going to burn a little more fuel to get over some of those mountains getting out to the West Coast. But at the end of the day, we have a lot of advantages on how we can turn and use the fuel and we've spent money on technology, continue to -- so that the locomotives and the -- locomotive engineers are better at understanding how they operate and I see us continuing to get that. The mix turns -- Eric is probably going to get maybe a mix turn down the road and everybody will say he's brilliant on saving the fuel. So -- so I'm very comfortable. 
Jim Vena: So, listen, I'm 62 years old. I feel great. I'm not looking further than what I've had the responsibility right now going forward. But all I'll tell you is, listen, we're going to elect a President that's either 74 or 78. So, I'm still a young guy, and I'll leave it at that.
Jim Vena: Ravi, if I could and maybe I misunderstood the piece about how fluid the railroad is. The railroad is as fluid as it ever has been. We do not have a capacity issue. And in fact we are spending money to actually make it more efficient. Consolidation in Chicago that I talked about in prepared before was clear to say we want to consolidate to two big terminals and one smaller one in Chicago from six, so that we can turn the cars faster give the customer a better service be able to turn it. We see what the opportunity is and we also see what's happened north of the border and we think that to compete and to win without being a price discussion is to have a low cost. We operate our trains very efficiently. We operate them fast. We turn the cars quick. No one in North America moves in speed across their network with the premium business as fast as we do right now. So we can give the best service product to people whether you're going from L.A. over to Texas and we're going to be as fast as anybody into the Chicago market. So that's what it's all about. We think that if we have the right service, we got the capacity we know we have we spent on making the signings longer so that we can run more efficient trains. When our train miles are down, which means that -- in the 20% range that means that we've opened up that much capacity on top of the capacity we had before. So I'll tell you we have got this thing coming together properly. More efficient terminals, more efficient than visibility with our customers at the ports and working with the ports so that we have an efficient product there, move the containers out quicker, the domestic product to make speed and consistency that the customer wants. I'll tell you I'm very comfortable at where we're headed and we'll just continue to improve it.
Jim Vena: A great case in point, Kenny. And we've talked about this for years now, is Dallas to Dock and development that's happening around the Dallas intermodal terminal which Walter is literally thousands of acres. In your mind think a couple of thousand acres that we are developing and have developed in concert with a property developer that is rail-centric in its perspective. There's opportunities like that that we either have in the hopper have already executed or are beginning development plans for. 
Jim Vena: Well sure. No specifics, but I would expect virtually every year we will have some aspect of that kind of business development occurring. 
Jim Vena: I'm an American citizen, but I wasn’t born in the U.S., so I cannot do it. Otherwise I would like to do sometime, let me tell you.
Jim Vena: Okay. Short-term, listen, we've had a lot of discussion about our intermodal service products. We see that as a growth area. So I'm going to concentrate on making sure the end-to-end view. Ports, domestic terminals, we make them as efficient as possible. We make the interaction with the customer as clear as possible, so that we can react better. I think we did a pretty good job of reacting to the big -- the bump up in business. But I think we can be better. Want to concentrate on the relationship with the other railroads. And how we interchange and how we move traffic back and forth, to make it even cleaner than we are today, because I think we can both win. That was a great question on, how we're reacting with the other customers. And listen, other than locomotives, asset utilization service, productivity, that's what I'm going to concentrate on in the next -- and I'll let Eric run it. And we'll make sure that we're attuned lined up together and finish that off. So that's what I'm going to do in the next six to eight months.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, Allison thanks for the question. You've heard us say many times the drivers of our performance are what Lance just laid out its volume, productivity and then the price piece. So we're encouraged by what you're seeing in the truck markets today and with the service product that we've got out there and all the work that Kenny and his team are doing. But we're still working through our plans for 2021, but we have every expectation that we've got a great road map ahead of us where we can continue to improve. We'll give you obviously more detail around that when we talk to you in January. And our hope is sometime next year we should be able to gather everyone as we were hoping to do in the fall of this year and with a little more certainty on what's going on with the economy and the pandemic be able to lay out for you guys kind of a multiyear plan that we see for ourselves and how we look to continue to make improvement and go to the 55% OR.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. I mean, we're just starting to get into the bid season for next year, Jason. And I think maybe that's part of your question too, in terms of if that truck market stays tight, we think that's a great opportunity for us, particularly with the service product that we've got to offer right now.
Jennifer Hamann: Sure, Chris. Thanks. In terms of fourth quarter, we came in - or end of the quarter, I should say, cash balance of $2.6 billion. That's -- we've typically ran closer to $1 billion, $1.5 billion in terms of cash balances. We've obviously been more conservative with that over the last couple of quarters with the pandemic and uncertainty. Things feel like they're evening down a little bit although you see the same news I do where cases are surging in different parts of the country. And so, we're going to be careful with that. But we think fourth quarter is a good time for us to start redeploying some of that cash. With interest rates being as low as they are, it's doing very little for us sitting in the bank right now. So we want to put some of that back to work. We're doing that through shares as well as paying off some debt. It has a little bit higher coupon a little higher cost for us. So we think that's the right economic thing to do. And as we look into 2021, again, in January, we'll talk more fulsomely about what our plans are not just for how we see the year playing out but how we're going to deploy cash. But we think certainly our job is twofold. It's to generate the cash through business and efficiency, and then deploy it back to our shareholders. I think we've got a good track record of doing that and rewarding our shareholders and we plan to continue that.
Jennifer Hamann: And in terms of the margins, Amit, we did still have volumes down 4% in the quarter. And as I look at it, going from 2Q to 3Q, I would say that our margins improved sequentially, incrementally in the 60% kind of range. So I think that shows you there's power in the model. And as we look and see volumes go positive. I think that's the thing to focus on. And the fact with that we think we'll be able to have very strong incrementals. Were there some cost headwinds in the quarter? There always are. We called out the ones that we thought were most important. There were some severance costs. You've got a little associated with some of the mix impact. As Lance has said, that mix impact probably isn't going to change too much, but we're doing everything we can to improve the fluidity of the network and prove how efficiently we handle that business and that's our real opportunity. So, I'd say less in terms of big challenges more in terms of we see continued opportunity.
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. And you mentioned the surcharges too. And I think it's important to point out those surcharges are really a net in the overall scheme of things. And so as we go through peak season we remove surcharges. That's not going to have an impact on our margins.
Jennifer Hamann: I mean there's business there now and there's opportunities to go forward. And certainly, you've heard us talk Walter as we have been consolidating facilities. I mean we're generating more opportunities along those lines when you think about our footprint and the land profile that we have to work with customers to further grow. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. And on the freight car and locomotive side David, freight cars, we tend to own – this isn't entirely true but we tend to own the multi-use kind of cars. And so as you see changes in markets like we've seen the surge in grain, we've been able to repurpose some cars that had been hauling, I think fertilizer and move into grain service and obviously box cars is – can move anything. So our freight car fleet, we feel good about where that's at and our ability to deploy it as we need to. On the locomotive side, we look at the fleet by type, we have a relatively young fleet kind of overall and we have opportunities to modernize that fleet and redeploy it as the volumes come back up. And we see that as an opportunity for us going forward. We're obviously going to use that fleet as efficiently as possible, but we've got plans for every locomotive we own. And whether it's today or maybe tomorrow, that's the opportunity for us. And that's – you've heard us talk a lot about growth and the growth of margins. The capital efficiency of our ability to grow going forward is tremendous. When you think about the fact that we have the freight car assets, the locomotives and the track assets to put more business across and leverage that investment that we've already made is a tremendous opportunity for us. So we look forward to taking advantage of it. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yeah. I mean, the less than 15% of revenue is where we would plan to be again for next year. And obviously, we'll talk more about that in January. I know we still have some siding projects that we plan to finish out some that, will finish out yet this year and a little bit more of that work. But we continue to have a robust plan. We'll modernize locomotives. We'll continue to make sure the infrastructure is in good shape. So I feel good about our ability to spend that capital to keep the railroad safe, efficient and add the capacity as needed for customers.
