James R. Young: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Union Pacific's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me in Omaha today are Jack Koraleski, Executive Vice President, Marketing and Sales; Lance Fritz, Executive Vice President, Operations; and Rob Knight, our CFO.  The Union Pacific team delivered solid financial results across the board this quarter, achieving an all-time quarterly earnings record of $1.85 per share. That's a 19% increase compared to 2010. We also set best-ever quarterly marks in operating revenue, operating income, driving record year-to-date free cash flow. We're clearly delivering on the benefits of our diverse franchise. Volumes increased in 4 of our 6 business groups. The downside was weak International Intermodal and lower export grain. Overall, we're pleased with these results in light of the fragile economy and operational challenges related to the severe drought in Texas. Although we deal with weather every day, the extent and duration of the drought did impact network operations during the quarter. Lance will provide more details on this in a few minutes. Despite these challenges, we remain focused in delivering safe, efficient, high-quality service that generates value for our customers and translates into improved financial return for our shareholders. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jack.
James R. Young: Thanks, Rob. Now before we open up to questions, I wanted to provide a quick update on the national labor negotiations. As you know, the United Transportation Union, which is the industry's largest union, ratified a new contract earlier this year. We think the agreement is fair and equitable to both parties. The remaining unions were released from mediation, which led to the creation of the Presidential Emergency Board. The PEB is scheduled to submit their recommendations by November 7. In the meantime, the industry remains committed to achieving a negotiated settlement that reflects the patterns of the UTU agreement. Our employees are critical to the success of this company. We currently enjoy good working relationships, and we expect that to continue as we move forward through the negotiation process there. So with that, let's open it up to your questions.
James R. Young: Well, Bill, yes, to me, the real wild card is where do we think the economy is going. If you get some upside in the economy, obviously, we have a greater potential going forward here. We'll stick with our current guidance, we said 65 to 67 OR, and see how things go. But we're feeling pretty good about the markets, the pricing we're able to get for the value we're providing and then efficiency.
James R. Young: Peter, the prime difference there was flooding. Clearly, BN got hit much harder than we did. Look at their announcement they had in their capital. That gives you an indication what kind of hit they had. There wasn't much in terms of share shift at all.
James R. Young: Well, again, the legacy deals that we have negotiated and are currently still negotiating will carryover, and really, you'll see the impact in 2012. I mean, the big spreads in some of these, obviously, are you look at what happened here with our falloff in Intermodal versus the other groups this year, but we've got very good opportunity next year.
James R. Young: No. These are long-term propositions when you look at them. You're making deals that are many years out, so the assessment is one on what is the value proposition that the UP franchise can offer.
James R. Young: Chris, I mean, the UTU deal, if you look at it, it's 17% over 5.5 years. So you can kind of get a feel there in terms of the math. The real key is healthcare costs, which is -- if you look at our contract, what was put on the table of contents, there's very little in there in terms of work rules, where we see the biggest opportunity long-term is, again, as most businesses in America is struggling with, is rising healthcare costs.
James R. Young: And, Chris, the big driver here, I mean, the surprise to us was one on International Intermodal. And if you look across our regions, North, South and West, the biggest brunt to the furloughs was out West, simply because there was very -- really no decrease in International business this year.
James R. Young: Well, you've got really another 30-day cooling off. I mean, the key date is around December 7 in terms of when the potential would be there for some actionable parties. So as I said, November 7 is the date that the PEB recommendations come out, and both parties have to take a look at those recommendation and negotiate from there.
James R. Young: Yes, we've got good programs with both, NS and CSX. There are no domestic container stored today in the UP side. I think the other thing you want to keep in mind on demand here, the sales-inventory ratios are still very, very tight. And as you see in the domestic trucking sector, capacity grew tight. So it'll be interesting to see how the rest of this year plays out given tight inventories.
James R. Young: Gary, the other thing you have to keep in mind, while we've got some of our international markets still pretty hot right now, as Jack mentioned, you have -- within the Industrial Products group, on the domestic side, we have markets there that are still 30%, 40%, 50%, 60% lower than they were in the peak. Anything related to construction is 40%, 50% below. So while we've got some markets that are hot, that could cool off a little bit. You've got others that are barely alive, I guess, is maybe the best description, so...
James R. Young: Scott, we have lost some of our business. If you look at repricing these legacy deals. I mean, we're competing with the other guys, and in some cases, we've lost some of the business. And the key is we're setting some minimum returns that we look at, and if we can't get it, I'm willing to walk.
James R. Young: Well, in short term, anytime you take out a pretty good chunk of revenue, we can't get cost out fast enough, so you do take some pressure in your operating income. On the other hand, though, we can redeploy some assets. If you think about locomotives, some of the -- our track capacity is pretty generic when you look at the way products move. We also were able to take advantage -- we have a continuing attrition on the workforce side. We're going to lose about 4,000 employees a year for the foreseeable future, so you can fairly quickly adjust your workforce. But I've got to tell you, the first quarter you lose that revenue, it usually has a negative impact on the bottom line.
James R. Young: Well, they're clearly -- and some of these, we're losing money in every carload we handle from a long-term variable cost perspective. So I mean, that's why this sense of urgency and why it's so important that we've got to get this margins up in this business. So you're right in that context. Longer-term, it isn't quite a big of a hit, but it's still a little bit of hit.
James R. Young: Well, long term, what we would expect to see is -- again, let's assume you've got positive growth year-over-year. You will see headcount increase, but not at the same rates. We got ourselves caught a little bit this year that we have a lot of people in hiring. The International Intermodal was much -- came in negative. So we got caught a little bit with surplus resources, but again, long term you won't see the same kind of growth in volume in headcount.
James R. Young: Now keep in mind, we're also hiring for PTC right now. That doesn't have anything to do with volume. So you've got to separate out a little bit, and at the end of the day, we've got to recover that cost in the business. There's no excuses. But where you look at kind of the pure volume-related numbers, we should continue to see productivity every year.
James R. Young: I think you're going to see that probably fourth quarter or first quarter next year. It'll be better comps on our labor and our force levels.
James R. Young: Well, we'll have to see. I mean, we have we're obviously made our comments in terms of -- I mean, it's access. You can call it whatever you want to, and I think we've been consistent in our message that anytime you introduce some kind of artificial competition, which it is, there could be a consequence in our growth in capital. So we'll see what happens in terms of ultimately what comes out of STB.
James R. Young: Well, if you look back at the -- I think a good model to look at what happened when we had in 2008, early 2009 when we had a falloff in the business, and that was pretty substantial. If you recall, I think second quarter of '09, we're down almost 20%, 25% in volume. We have the opportunity, as I've said earlier, that we're losing about 4,000 employees a year through attrition. What happens -- and even in a small falloff in volume, we'll try to take advantage of, where we can, that attrition. If that means we slow down hiring, which is what we have done here on the western part of our region, we can try to respond as quickly as possible. When it gets into locomotives and capacity, things like that, obviously, in the short term, you're not going to be able to do much other than put some in storage. But again, a short-term blip, either down or up, you're not going to get as much response. The question is if you see this thing turning down here and you start looking 2, 3, 4 or 5 quarters, you'll see us being able to take more advantage of taking costs out.
James R. Young: Well, we start with our customers' perspectives. We're very close to our customers, trying to understand where they're making investments, where they're putting capacity, and there's long lead times in that. And so far, it's still very strong when we look in several of these groups here. At the end of the day, though, we look every morning at what were loadings yesterday and it's pretty intense running the business daily. And if we see things turn off sharply, we will respond. You try to be as proactive as you can, but nobody has perfect vision to the future here.
James R. Young: Walter, keep something in mind here, though. We could significantly drive train size up if we sacrifice service. I mean, the challenge that the operating team has is to run as efficient a train size as they can but meet aggressive service targets. So that's the balance you have to wrestle with here. I'm telling you service pays off big time. We're seeing that in the market when we're redoing these deals and the value that's there, so we've got to always keep both of those in mind, train size and the service commitment.
James R. Young: It could. It could be a positive for us. It just depends on how quickly the evolution takes place and what is playing. One of the things we're seeing right now is actually kind of the side benefit of some of those regulations is the potential for moving either limestone or trona as a scrubbing agent to help meet some of those. So when faced with kind of a long-term decision, the quickest and most immediate thing might be to just put in a quick scrubbing solution that doesn't cost quite as much like the trona manufacturers offer to the utilities, and that turns out to be a nice piece of business for us.
James R. Young: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. I hope one of the things you recognized -- I think this quarter really reinforces the value of the diversity of the UP network, and we had some surprises in some of the areas on volumes. But once again, the diversity paid off for us. So we look forward to talking to you again with our fourth quarter earnings.
Lance M. Fritz: Thanks, Jack, and good morning. I'll start with our safety performance. In employee safety, we achieved a record third quarter reportable personal injury rate and best-ever year-to-date results. The continued maturation of our Total Safety Culture, our risk identification and mitigation and training and education efforts drove the improvement. Our safety culture is especially important as we hired to cover attrition and volume.  In terms of rail equipment incidents or derailments, our year-to-date FRA reportable rate increased 7%, driven largely by low-cost yard and industry-lead incidents. In the third quarter, human factor and truck-related incidents increased compared to the prior year. We continue to accelerate investments in our yards and our terminals to get our exposure back on the right trend line. Most encouraging, despite increases in rail and highway traffic during the year, our crossing accident rate improved 6% year-to-date versus 2010. We continue to help communities address risky driver behavior and to close grade crossings. In fact, since 2001, we've closed over 4,000 at-grade crossings on the UP system in addition to educating the public about grade crossing safety. We remain committed to improving our safety performance on the way to operating an incident-free network.  Before getting into our service performance, I want to spend a minute on how we have managed the weather challenges you've heard us talk about. Operations improved substantially during the third quarter in the flood-impacted areas, and we are getting closer to normal business operations in that region. Our team worked tirelessly and successfully to protect our service product through the floods. The South was a completely different challenge this quarter. Extreme drought in Central Texas created unstable soil conditions and, when combined with record heat, generated a sharp increase in slow orders. These speed restrictions reduced capacity and velocity, requiring additional resources like crews and locomotives. At the same time, our volume in the area grew by about 10%, putting even more pressure on the strained network. We reacted by applying surge resources and increasing track maintenance in Texas. Slow orders turned the corner in September and improved another 17% so far in October. I anticipate continued improvement during the fourth quarter as we return to normal operations in Texas.  Network performance for the third quarter remained relatively strong despite these challenges, demonstrating our resiliency and recoverability. As carloads grew almost 5% from July to September, our network performance remains solid. However, we did see about a 1 mile per hour impact on our quarterly velocity due to weather-related challenges. We gained momentum in September and continue to see improvement in October. By applying the principles of the unified plan and utilizing our surge resources, we sustained the network's service reliability and demonstrated its resiliency. As Jack discussed, we continue to provide solid customer service at the local level. Our industry spot-and-pull measure was 94% for the quarter, which nears the all-time record -- quarterly record of 95% set in the second quarter of this year. This is the first move and last move for our customer, and it's critical to overall customer satisfaction. This performance reflects our continued focus on the fundamentals: improving network performance, service reliability and operational efficiency. Slide 17 illustrates some of those efficiencies. Gross ton miles per employee were essentially flat with 2010 despite the addition of over 1,000 new hires in the training pipeline and an increase in employees working on capital projects and positive train control. Surge resources added to combat the impact of slow orders and speed restrictions that I discussed earlier also masked productivity gains during the quarter. Those productivity gains included our work to improve train sizes. Train lengths for our manifest and intermodal traffic continued to increase. The growth in intermodal train size this quarter is particularly noteworthy, considering intermodal volumes were down 6% in the quarter compared to 2010. And we continue to balance manpower with demand, with an average of nearly 500 employees per load during the third quarter. If you look at current levels, we have roughly 700 or more employees on furlough status. The endgame is to realize the full potential of the UP franchise translated into these deliverables. World-class safety results on the way to an incident-free network, growing the value proposition for our customers by recovering to record levels of service, continuing to generate network productivity for bottom line results and positioning for growth resulting from our solid service performance. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Lance M. Fritz: When you think about the fourth quarter in furloughs, what's going to happen is as peak season starts bleeding off, typically, on the TE&Y side, our furloughs will increase. And likewise, as we start getting frozen out of some parts of the network from a maintenance away and capital project perspective, we start furloughing also on the maintenance-away side.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So on the locomotive side is the South continues to come back to normal. You'll see us being able to bleed off some of that locomotive count, put those back in storage. We're at about 600 units right now, and as the South gets normal and as volumes from the peak season start dropping off, you'll see that storage number grow. Now the reason why we're buying locomotives next year isn't just a volume story. We've got locomotives in the capital budget next year for a number of reasons. We get a pretty decent return off of them, driven by fuel efficiency, the fact that they're DPU-enabled, and that helps us on the train size productivity side of the story. And then I think we've talked to you before about Tier 4 requirements, another federal mandate that takes effect in 2015. And purchasing locomotives now is a little bit of a hedge against the fact that the manufacturers of locomotives do not have yet purchasable locomotive that meets those 2015 guidelines. So there's a little bit of a risk hedge in that purchase as well.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. We feel very good about the amount of capacity we've gotten in fixed infrastructure. Once again, our peak carloading month was north of 200,000 7-day carloads. Now as we've continued to invest in the right areas in the network, we've substantially improved the service product that we have in comparison to what we delivered during that 200,000-plus month. But as we look forward with a capital program that we've got in place or planned for and the way that the network is operating, we feel very good about the amount of capacity that we've got in fixed assets right now.
Lance M. Fritz: John -- or Justin, I'm sorry. It's very dependent on where that growth occurs and how quickly it comes on, but in terms of any reasonable estimate of what we think is going to be happening as we look forward, we are very well situated to be able to continue to provide excellent service and handle the growth.
Lance M. Fritz: Okay. First, on train sizes. The short answer is we've got plenty of opportunity to keep growing. I think that Intermodal number this quarter was something like 170-plus. Depending on the intermodal lane, that can easily reach 200, 250, and we've probably got some lanes where it could go north of 250. So we've got plenty of upside there. On the manifest side of the world, we've got upside from the high 80s number that we are recording right now. And when it comes to DPU strategy, every incremental road unit that we're purchasing at this point forward is DPU-equipped, and all of our current DPU locomotives are fully utilized. I want to say somewhere in the 60% ballpark of our traffic right now is DPU-ed, and that's just going to grow as we look forward. And in terms of the total percentage of road fleet that's DPU-ed, I can't answer that off the top of my head, but it's a fair portion. It's a pretty substantial portion.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure, yes. It's just very dependent again on the quarter and the specific route you're talking about. Although, again, our current capital plan long-term and near-term takes that into account where we anticipate growth is going to be happening. And we've got a solid capital plan to enable continued productivity and service improvements.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. We're not going to get into the specifics on the contract, Chris, but one thing, just to comment on the overall inflation on the comp and benefits line, we said it's about 5.5% this year. We expect that to moderate as we head into 2012, somewhere more in the, call it, 4%-ish range rather than 5.5%.
Robert M. Knight: It is a slight decline, but it's just based on our projection of where volumes -- basically, it's what volumes have done here at the back half of the year.
Robert M. Knight: It's kind of all of the above, but again, reminder for the fourth quarter alone, we don't expect to get much additional uptick yield from the legacy. That's mostly going to carry over into 2012. So as we look in the fourth quarter, it's going to be volume, productivity, ongoing pricing initiatives that are under way. And just, again, a reminder, for us to hit our long-term guidance of that 65 to 67 full year operating ratio by 2015, that implies, on an annualized basis, as we look forward, that we'll be in that incremental margin neighborhood of about 50%. And that's taking into consideration the legacy repricing as we look forward.
Robert M. Knight: Walter, I would refer you back to the slide that you've seen us present in the past, we didn't have it in our deck today, that shows the breakout of legacy by year. In 2012, as a reminder, we said there's about $300 million worth of business up for renegotiation in our legacy book in 2012. I mean, we break it out in multiple years beyond that. But we haven't provided specific guidance in terms of what the uplift will be other than if you look backwards, we've said we've gotten about 2 points of yield annually from the benefit of repricing legacy. We haven't given guidance as to what that uplift's going to be going forward.
John J. Koraleski: We have about 30% with the domestic Big 3 and -- so about 70% with GM, Ford, Chrysler and then about 30% with everybody else.
John J. Koraleski: We'll probably make up the rest of that in the fourth quarter, I would expect. And the other thing, Mike, I don't have the exact numbers in terms of 59 days versus 52 days, those kinds of deals, but there is a 7-day differential. I would expect, as you look at those numbers -- that is the Powder River Basin stockpile situation. I would expect those tend to probably be more reflective of what's happening with the BN customers given that they were more severely impacted. But we should still see fairly solid coal volumes here in the fourth quarter.
John J. Koraleski: We're having great success with UMAX. We're feeling good about it. Like I said, our Domestic Intermodal volumes right now -- last year, we actually hit a record in terms of Domestic Intermodal during kind of the second phase of peak season. So if you think about peak season in terms of international phase goes first and then domestic, so now we're in the domestic side, we're 6% to 7% stronger than we were a year ago. And it looks like that's going to probably continue on, at least for the next several weeks. So we've made some great product offerings with the CSX. We've been running really well in terms of our on-time delivery despite things like the floods and some of those kinds of things. So we're well positioned.
John J. Koraleski: And we're pretty balanced in terms of the number of containers that we have in both programs. So it's a nice opportunity for us.
John J. Koraleski: That's a really good question because when you look at what's happening in inventory levels -- if you look at inventory-to-sales ratios, you're not really seeing any improvement there, still historically low. So you're seeing a lot of product that's moving distribution centers to stores, a lot of what I would describe as more like spot purchases of retails, and we are seeing a lot of truck conversion in that process. So that's been a very strong growth arm for us in terms of that highway conversion.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, Gary. We are looking -- last year, we had a record fourth quarter. We had all kinds of good things happening. We had the Russian drought. We had the Ukraine banning the export of their grain and other problems around the world. The whole situation has turned around differently for us now. So Russia is very strong in terms of their production capability. We have tough comps. So we're actually expecting that we're going to see somewhere in the neighborhood of like a 5% to 6% decline in our export grain movements in the fourth quarter.
John J. Koraleski: Our book of business for export iron ore is priced well. We're very comfortable with our profitability and the re-investability of that business, but that's also true of our other business in our Industrial Products world.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. We think it's going to continue to be strong. Or we're going to continue to move. It's always kind of one of those deals where you have to watch China very carefully because they consume, I think, about half of the world trade in iron ore today. So should they decide to change course here relatively quickly, we've seen how that can happen, but right now, we're looking for a solid fourth quarter.
John J. Koraleski: We're making good progress on all of our legacy negotiations as it stands right now. And we're very comfortable that we're working hard to retain all of that business.
John J. Koraleski: And Jim, I mean, the other thing that's going to normalize is the delta, just the pure delta in the training pipeline, which we've talked about several quarters, and the pure delta in the capital headcount there.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, John, there's always some risk to that because of the grid and how it plays. Most of our utilities, our utilities are fairly modern productive, so in the overall distribution of things, we don't have that many that we see as potentially shutting down. But anytime that any new utility is being constructed or things like that certainly with natural gas hanging in there in the $3 to $4 range, it's a pretty attractive alternative to building a coal plant. And I think we're going to be okay next year in our Coal business.
John J. Koraleski: Overall, Justin, I think the growth potential for the business is excellent. I mean, the primary play we're seeing right now is Bakken, but Eagle Ford is just starting to come in on our railroad. And so we're right and positioned well where from a profitability point of view. Rail actually provides some great flexibility for those customers that basically doesn't tie them into a single destination on a pipeline. So even as pipelines get built and developed, we continue to think that for the foreseeable future, rail is going to have a play in this marketplace, and it's going to be a solid growth opportunity for Union Pacific.
John J. Koraleski: It depends on contract to contract, but it's solid, profitable. It meets our re-investable criteria, and we're very happy with it.
John J. Koraleski: Any business that you see right now leaving the network is being replaced on a fairly strong basis bases by truck conversions. So for instance, if you think about our little streamline subsidiary did 80,000 moves last year, it's growing 20%. 84% of that business in the third quarter is coming off the highway. So highway conversion is more than making up for anything that we lose for us in terms of our yield diversions. And we're particularly seeing that now in the third quarter. Originally, in the early part of the year, we were having a little bit of a startup issue with our MCP program just because it was something new and different, and the idea of making a commitment was something that some customers weren't all that excited about. But I think what they're seeing right now is we're doing such a great job of that. And they're already starting to talk about signing up for next year and giving us some strong indications with our service performance and the way we are meeting our commitments. It'll be a solid path forward for us, so we're actually feeling quite good about that.
John J. Koraleski: When you see our third quarter results -- so if you looked into our third quarter results, our International business was down 12%. Our Domestic business was up 2%, but that 2% is a weak start to the quarter that built to a relatively strong end to the quarter. So the 2% isn't really -- like I said, right now, we're running 6%, 7%, 8% better than a year ago.
John J. Koraleski: Matt, we're interested particularly in the ones up in the Longview, Washington area, the one -- I think it's called Ambre Energy, the Australian company. That one has some real opportunity for us, and virtually, any of the ones that we can access. We're also looking at some Gulf Coast opportunities and even some possibilities moving down to Mexico. So I think the big question for us, particularly on the West Coast in the domestic U.S. marketplace, is whether or not those construction projects will actually take place and whether the EPA and the environmentalists and things, I mean, they have put a lot of roadblocks up in terms of getting those projects approved and under construction. So that's the thing we're watching most right at the moment.
John J. Koraleski: We're moving the iron ore business. We're moving a lot of export soda ash, export fertilizers. And then in the boxes themselves, we're seeing everything from DDGS to grain. There's been some proposals -- well, scrap paper is also a big item. There's been some proposals for commodities even like iron ore as a potential to go back, just about anything that will fit in a box and that's reasonably possible are things that a lot of the companies are looking at to take advantage of that excess capacity.
John J. Koraleski: Jason, when you look at it, there's 60% or 70% of our business -- no, there's about 60% of our business that either moves under tariff or moves in one-year letter quotes, so all of that gets repriced every year. And then on an ongoing basis, when you look at our multiyear contracts, this year is a little bit of a larger group than what we've seen, but the number just right off the top of my head is something -- in the past 12 months is going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion.
John J. Koraleski: We're not really seeing any major shifts or changes, actually. And they probably -- this isn't a good time for us to really see a lot of those because there's plenty of capacity everywhere. Volume levels are below what they were a year ago in the third quarter. So we're not seeing any dramatic shift taking place.
John J. Koraleski: Some was related to the heat and the drought in Texas, clearly, a lot of very low value train derailments track caused in yards and terminals. And so there was a little bit of an impact there as well.
