Jim Young: Good morning everyone. Welcome to Union Pacific’s first quarter earnings conference call. With me in Omaha today are Dennis Duffy, Vice Chairman Operations; Jack Koraleski, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales and Rob Knight our CFO. We are starting off 2010 with a record quarterly performance as earnings grew 40% to a first quarter record of $1.01 per share. This includes the one time cost impact of the announced CSXI deal which totaled roughly $0.06 per share. Rob will give you more details on that when he discusses the financials.  A major contributor to the year-over-year gain was a 13% volume increase, our first quarter of color growth in two years. Jack will provide commentary on the volume picture but we clearly saw a pick up in demand across the networks.  For example, although coming off of a low base in 2009, steel, lumber, soda ash and fertilizer all experienced solid quarterly growth. Equally important to our quarterly results was the volume leverage we generated by running a safe service focused efficient operation. We’re utilizing our capital investments, technology and productivity enhancements to move increased car loadings with fewer resources.  Strong service levels continued to deliver value for our customers which also supported our pricing gain and attracted new customers to the rail road. The net results of increased volumes, solid pricing and operating efficiency was a record first quarter operating ratio of 75.1. This achievement is consistent with our commitment to significant leverage any volume growth in our network. Operating income was also a record totaling $988 million up 47% for 2009.  Our record financial performance enabled us to achieve strong free cash flow after dividends in the first quarter further demonstrating the power of our operating leverage and the great UP franchise. Now we’ll hear from Jack with a discussion about our volume growth. Jack.
Jim Young: Thanks, Rob. What a difference year mix. A year ago everyone was trying to find the bottom and we were focused on idling assets and reducing operating cost. Despite some lingering uncertainty, we are feeling better today about our opportunities for volume growth in a more stable economy. The visibility to a future demand is still a little crowded however, so we need to remain flexible, be ready to act if the economy losses theme. We have significant volume leverage remaining in the systems so we look forward to additional growth. [Good] operations are key to delivering upon our customer commitments, customers rely on the strong value proposition of UP’s service product allowing us to extend our supply chain reach and compete in new markets. We are also continuing to make the critical long term capital investments that support the company’s growth strategy.  Union Pacific is becoming more profitable producing stronger cash flows and generating higher finance returns which will enable us to reward shareholders for their investment in the great UP franchise. With that, its time to open it up for your questions.  
Jim Young: Matt we are not going to get into the details I think just suffice it to say it’s a positive for both of us in terms of our ability to put new products you have got some great service schedules our customers are going to have access to a great container fleet and it gives us direct access to mere the customers to help sell the proposition and you have to think about this long term in terms of the way that the new agreement has structured.
Jim Young: Hey Tom. And I would be careful though on taking the first quarter and extrapolating it out. You know as Rob said this is more of an exponential relationship delinear if you start moving up towards that theoretical capacity we have in our system. We get a little more cost pressure, but we clearly have, we have got Dennis who have shown about 1300 - 1400 locomotives in storage. We have got 2600 employees per load. We are in some location starting to do some hiring, but again, I think first quarter is outstanding we hold our operating team to a high standard in terms of what they do the next three quarters but again you will get a little cost pressures as you move up that curve 
Jim Young: Tom keep in mind, we can build very big train and have a negative impact on service and there is a serious consequence of that in our market. And Dennis’s task here to drive that productivity, but drive this service to new levels. 
Jim Young: We are not getting into the guidance and where we are going. We do believe we have the upside a lot of variable. If you have a higher economy moving out here obviously we have more flexibility. 
Jim Young: I think it is, Jon, our productivity again you have to be careful here. We got a lot of excess capacity right now as with idle assets that’s my definition of productivity that’s not great productivity when you look at asset utilization what’s stored here. But if you get back into where may be the normal run rate on volumes that we were looking at long term. I think assuming offsetting half of inflation is not unreasonable. 
Jim Young: There is a good correlation of velocity. Its really is, we went backward a little bit first quarter but big part of that was weather and we’re back up to 27 miles an hour right now through April, so we are feeling pretty good but the metrics you get there were reported AR velocity, the inventory levels and cars and dwell time are pretty good indicators of the health of our network.
Jim Young: You know Bill they’ve been really balanced. We have seen some inventory replenishment but I think the general mood and attitude right now with the bulk of our merchandise customers is they are going to rely more on kind of a just-in-time inventory process, they are being cautious about placing orders and overstocking so there’s a good management flow around watching the balance between inventory and sales. If you look at the inventory sales ratios right now, they are looking really good and even with the up tick in volume, we don’t see a lot of inventory build that I would be concerned about in terms of overhang. I think it’s pretty much been demand driven which is really healthy.
Jim Young: Well as I committed every quarter in here our job’s here’s to create a financial performance and the cash flow that put us in a good position and you know we said as we feel better about the business this year, we’re going to take a hard look at what we do next in terms of returning cash for shareholders.
Jim Young: Well Scott we are continuing to be engaged with the members in terms of the health of our industry and the value our industry creates. I would view right now that its not in the top of the priority list when you look at all the other challenges that DC is working with but you can never underestimate the potential here and as we’ve said consistently, we are engaged and helping. Every member I talk to you go back, they value rail. It’s interesting when you sit across from a member who thinks about the realm of value that brings in terms of jobs the value it brings in terms of energy efficiency. So nobody wants to get this wrong here. And we’ll see what happens but right now I don’t see that the rail piece is at the top of the list in terms of priority.
Jim Young: If you think about our industrial products business which is primarily manifest, we’re still substantial. Its first time we’ve had growth in several years, we’re still substantially below the kind of peak levels we saw back in ‘07. Let me give you an example, lumber loadings in the peak second quarter 2005 we loaded in that peak quarter about 63,000 loads of lumber. We hit a bottom here last year about 18. We loaded first quarter about 22,000 so that just gives you a perspective of how low business got in some of these areas and still have long ways to go.
Jim Young: Well the only long term guidance we have still hanging out there is the view that will be net low 70 OR by 2012 and we’re feeling pretty good about it.
Jim Young: Well it’s a key component and if you will recall back about three years ago we were running about 7% to 8% attrition, that’s fallen off here and last year so which wouldn’t surprise you where people are deferring retirements or defer may be looking for jobs elsewhere but we expect this year to lose about 3,000 employees, that’s down from kind of the peak of 5,000 plus and it will continue.  I mean you’ve heard us talk before, the baby boomers will move into the chain and are retiring so it’s given us a good opportunity to manage our employment levels to attrition. If you look at our numbers, we hit a peak on our employment of around 51,000 to 52,000 employees a couple of years back. We finished this quarter at around 42,000 or so, a big piece of that was attrition in terms of just simple not filling jobs as they left.
Jim Young: Justin its tighter volume I mean it really is. I mean we do look at kind of productivity offsets but you start adding more volume it will eventually add more train starts which means we’ll eventually have more train crews that we are going to again more volume will drive more maintenance. So, I want to get back to where, we’ve got a strong hiring program going on. That means we have got good growth in our business. We see good long term opportunity but at the end of the day volumes is the prime driver. 
Jim Young: I think one thing keep in mind in price here, we have to get price up. At the end of the day, with the folks of productivity, you look at the amount of capital we’re putting into our business. We are working hard this year in terms of our performance and you are going to work hard in terms of you look at return on capital. We’re working hard to get this thing above a double digit number. So, you should hear from many of us that we are satisfied with where price is because it’s got to up. You think about replacement cost cash flow in the investment that this company is facing long term, it has to go up in terms where we are at or you can’t just by the kinds of investments we’re putting in this business long term. 
Jim Young: That’s right Tom. In fact, we just, last couple of months between Jack and I, I think we probably talked a 150-200 customers. I would say they’re cautious. They are little more optimistic then they were fourth quarter and third quarter. There are clearly some categories I was with one of our really large chemical customers who said. This is inventory, replenishment and by the time they get to mid-year they are going to see it pull off. I was then with other customers that they are struggling to keep up with demands. There was one common thing that I did. What I was always interested into and ultimately I think this is the measure any business, (inaudible) hiring. I mean we have enough confidence; there is legs to this thing that you are willing to go out and actively higher. Most of my customers, they have been utilizing it by this much over time as they could. But they are right on the edge. Tommy answer is, not many of us really now. We are surprised, if you look at volumes through April, this could be benchmark here. Our volume in April is holding in there. We are up I think 18% or 19% through the first three weeks in terms of our volume. So I haven’t seen it fall off at this point. But again, I think the key whether you’ll start seeing hiring numbers get a little stronger. 
Jim Young: I am saying right at moment, its about a percent higher and that is again the core price number. The core price number, the three is looking like four so far in April.
Jim Young: Again its, mostly attributable to the domestic intermodal legacy overhangs that are going to shift, and we are going to be in a better position here going forward in the second quarter and beyond. So that’s really kind of the key driver of that. Its pretty much a timing issue.
Jim Young: We are seeing some good strength in our international, intermodal, finally its up 12-13% so and it looks fairly sustainable and it looks like we’ll actually have a peak season this year, so that’s a good thing for us. The grain business right now, the export markets in the world supply is going to shift here and that’s going to hurt US exports but domestic, it looks good. It’s a little early to say in terms of getting the crops planted and how the harvest is going to look in terms of potential, but at least the initial indications are you will see larger corn and bean crops which should be good for us and certainly the ethanol business and DDGs associated with it are strong. Autos as I said, continued strength is what everybody is looking for. Energy, we are feeling more bullish about. We’ll just have to see how that plays out, what we need though is a nice strong hot summer that will be useful. Industrial products is turning for us in a good way and that was kind of my key benchmark. The three things I was looking for was rock, cement and lumber and my theory is that an economic recovery isn’t sustainable unless you have those three planned and we’ve actually seen a nice up tick in lumber and now the rock business is starting to show some good so we are just waiting for cement. And then we have already talked about intemodal. I think not only do we have the great upside on the domestic piece because the service is excellent and we’re seeing highway conversions at a much higher rate than what we had thought we would and that the new max program had some great (inaudible) competitive schedules going to the north east. That’s gaining share and of the highway and the international solid and I think you need to look at also what’s happening with truck capacity as you know it has been tightening, pricing has been firming up which again, if this economy has some lakes that should give us additional opportunity rest of the year.
Jim Young: It 12% is I think where we had left for the rest of the year but you need to keep in mind that things like Pacer, some of those are ramping up over time. So 12% is what’s moving under a legacy deal that has not been repriced since 2004 and we’re making progress on all the others.
Jim Young: John, we have to think about it two ways. The direct impact on our programs right now at least in the short term is not a big hit but what does it mean long term to our customers or suppliers that we have to work through. So, we are going to keep our eye on it. 
Jim Young: But to think about the operating efficiency, I mean you are doubling the volume technically on a train. If you have single stack versus double stack it’s a significant improvement in operating efficiency and then as a consequence to that should be on a margin. 
Jim Young: It’s really kind of a growth cycle for us because you start off with an opportunity, it’s a small group of business over time, that customer grows, service is good and eventually we go to multi-car blocks and then eventually in places like pipe and in track sand and now windmills and all of those kinds of things we are able to convert than into unit train business that then creates more opportunity for a manifest that opens up available capacity in the manifest network and we go out and get additional business to fill that. I think we still have some opportunity
Jim Young: Well again, thank you for joining us this morning. I hope you see we are keeping our commitments to our shareholders in terms of our performance and we are looking forward to talking to you again in July. So again thanks for joining us.
Dennis Duffy: Thank you, Jack and good morning. With volume growth starting to return, we operated a safe and efficient [rail road] that continue to deliver the quality service customers have come to expect from Union Pacific. First quarter 2010 metrics illustrate that performance. Starting with safety, both employee incidents and great crossing accidents were at record first quarter lows. Our internal service measure, the service delivering index at 89 is close to last year’s record mark of 92. In fact, we tightened the windows around our service commitments beginning in the second quarter of last. So the 89 was achieved against a higher standard. On a more apples-to-apples basis, we would have been closer to 93 without the reset. This illustrates how as we take variability out of the network, we are holding ourselves to a more rigorous service standard and delivering consistently better service to our customers. Although velocity decline mile per hour year-over-year much of the decline related to the winter weather and an aggressive engineering program on the Sunset Corridor and across large portions of our single track rail rod in South. Importantly running a safe fluid rail road generated excellent operating leverage in the quarter as evidenced by volumes increasing 13%, while through freight train starts increased only 1% and yard and local starts actually decreased 7%. Our core track infrastructure is built to handle a 190,000 to 200,000 weekly car loads. So with today’s volume running around 170, we have capacity for growth. We are also creating capacity to an evergreen approach to improvement. A key fundamental component of this is inventory management. First quarter freight car inventory declined 3% versus 2009. With this productivity improvement, we handled 235,000 more carloads in first quarter 2010 with nearly 9,000 fewer cars versus first Q’09. Train design efforts are helping us maximum throughput across our network, this work in combination with greater utilization of locomotive technologies such as distributed pair, enable us a significantly increased train link. For example, in the first quarter we achieved a 15% increase in our Intermodal train size saving roughly 900 Intermodal train starts. Locomotive technology also drives better productivity and lower fuel consumption. Additionally our engineers play a key role in conservation. Through our fuel masters’ unlimited program which shares some of the company’s cost savings with the employees, we are seeing continuous improvements in our consumption rate again, setting us a new first quarter record. We are also ready with the necessary working resources to handle the growth. We have recalled about 1600 employees so far in 2010 bringing furloughs down to around 2800 remaining. Our retention rate remains nearly 90%, which is very good considering most of these folks haven’t worked for a year or more. We are anxious to get everyone back to work and are even using voluntary transfers to relocate employees to areas where additional crew resources are needed. This is a win-win, saving hiring and training cost for the company and putting a paycheck back in the hand’s of the employee sooner. We anticipate additional engineer training and transfers in 2010, the extent to which will depend on volume return. While it has placed some locomotives and freight cars back in the service, we still have a good supply and storage. Beyond having the available resources, improved utilization is essential to delivering on our volume leverage opportunities. We are seeing productivity gains across the board; in particular freight car utilization was a first quarter best. So, going forward the key for the operating team continues to be agility. We have to be prepared to meet and beat customer expectations regardless of what happens with volumes. To that end, we follow the principles that have driven our improvement, focusing on safety, hardening the infrastructure thus reducing operational variability. Efficiently leveraging the network volume and delivering excellent service and creating value for our customers. With that, I’ll turn it over to Rob to discuss the financial.
Dennis Duffy: Tom the average train length that we have is for the entire system; all of our network is about 5500 that we grew about over 10% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. Our biggest growth obviously within the intermodal side, Jack showed you a 21% growth. We added about 20 boxes per train there and with a very minimal [fuselage] as you saw we only added a 1% [fuselage] there against the 13% volume. And when we look at our overall network, we think that we have another 10% to 15% on train length on a macro prospective, obviously that would differ by commodity groups somewhat, but we think over all that’s a pretty safe measure for us and would have to look at the corridors where the growth occurs, but we still see a good upside for our leverage opportunity on train length
Dennis Duffy: And you have to be careful to mix in the two Tom, I mean between domestic and international. Obviously international is the tier double (inaudible). Domestic is a little more of a high breed, but with Jacks help and the marketing team, help we are transitioning most of that to double also. 
Dennis Duffy: Well this portion of the growth Scott was in the intermodal and auto and we continue to the unified plan to make those efficiencies and look for combinations of potential reductions and so we’ve squeezed down the overtime, squeezed down starts and we are able to even take out days of the week and I think I reported to you before we idealed at almost up to 30 of our yards of our satellite remote yards. If that’s a give and take, we’ll add at one or two every once in a while depending on where we see the growth but the overall productivity levels are up, as I said across the board, particularly in our manifest yards.
Dennis Duffy: Well Walter it’s actually a proof of concept. We had some new technology that we were trying out with our locomotives and our DPUs. We proved we could do it and that was a one time deal. We are not going to repeat that kind of an issue with those long trains but remember, the leverage in train length is on the average train length. It’s not on the maximum train length and we did prove we could do it, we did learn some things. We think that we have, as I said earlier, adequate opportunity for upside leverage here on our train lengths. We are dealing it with inside of our capital budget here, some of the impetus that we may see an exciting length and we have a few exciting extensions I’ll run through track capacities, we’re addressing those as we go along. So as I said, we are around 5,500. We have plenty of upside left there across the board and we continue to press the technology and we’ll appear to be able to accommodate those trains.
Dennis Duffy: Just to add on a little bit if I can, we try and keep six months of future attrition in that kind of a status where we have them already training; we’ve done this now for a couple years since the downturn has been with us in that. And then, on a locomotive side, we’re rotating the stock so that we know that these locomotives are good and ready to go when we put the challenge through the locomotive and mechanical team, we know what we’re going to have, and so, we keep about three hundred locomotives always in rotation that come in out of storage and we have a reliability profile built for those locomotives and we can anticipate what’s going to happen when we do put them in service. So, we’re ready.
Dennis Duffy: I’ll be glad to answer Jack’s profitability. As far as the upside John, what we have, a good portion of it depends on the lanes obviously but in some lanes we’re at 85% double stack, other lanes were as high as above 95% to a 100%. So there is some transition going on in some of these trailers to containers, Jack and John and the marketing team are working through. So I’d say we have a few percentage points to go on an intermodal network here before we get to where we want to be. 
Dennis Duffy: Jeff if you take a look at that upside leverage chart that I showed here, if you think about the track infrastructure, that’s really the throughput category, that’s the fixed resources and when I say we are sized for 190,000 to 200,000, that’s the fixed plan. That’s the main lines in the terminal and then when you look at the rest of it you know on the cars and locomotives that would be more on the train size discussion that we had. We’ve given out the number 10 to 15% beyond where we are today and then the adding people as Jim talked about, that’s incremental. As the volume comes back and we look at the train starts we are anticipating them. But remember we’re training ahead. So we’ve got those costs already into our cost structure. We do see that we may have to do more engineer training if the volume continues and we may have to do some more relocation as I indicated in there. So the adding people part is incremental with the growth number and that’s the best surrogate we could look at is that seven day number to try and graduate what an estimate might be in terms of people coming back.
Jack Koraleski: You know Matt its kind of like three things that I think you can kind of think about number one is we have said in the past that the Pacer contract basically increases overtime and this will be the last quarter that we have negative pricing in our Intermodal franchise, so that’s a good thing for us so, secondly some of our legacy contracts including the largest which was an automotive deal was a mid year or mid quarter first quarter transaction so there is greater strength moving forward from that the third thing is as we look to the pricing environment for the future we have tariff business in place right now that is still reflective of last years software economic terms those will change over time as we go through the year with continued strengthening in the economy. So we are feeling pretty good about what our price picture looks like going forward.
Jack Koraleski: Yeah for the contract deals, but you know for the tariffs we have greater flexibility and already as we start to see truck capacity tighten and truck pricing going up those kinds of things, we are back at the table looking for opportunity.
Jack Koraleski: It really allows us to deal now directly with the IMC community. We are not changing our strategy, we are not pulling away from the IMC’s and in fact what we want to do is offer an even better product offering for them and give them greater flexibility of choice whether they want to go ramp-to-ramp or whether they want to use our streamline door-to-door product which gives them a lot more flexibility working with their customers. 
Jack Koraleski: Sure Justin we have the one in the first quarter. We have the fact that Pacer ramps up over the year so that will change over time. The (inaudible) side contract basically takes effect in the second quarter and then we do have a couple of mid year legacy deals in the July kind of mid year timeframe, not the biggest of deals but a couple there that will come on stream.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then the other quick one for Dennis is, how do we understand how you had the drop in your local stores with the volume growth you had, that’s the other thing impressive statistics.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just give me a sense on the mix, the break down of the mix and the fuel you gave the pricing that makes up to 2.8% yield.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, when I think about what Jack said about pricing tracking, one point higher in April than first quarter. Jack did you mean 1 percentage point above the 3% price excluding our [ARC] or the 3.5% including ARC.
Unidentified Analyst: If you think about it I know there has been a lot of people trying to get that pricing, but I guess the thought is that if you look at pricing excluding ARC went from 3.5 in fourth quarter to 3 in first quarter despite the 5% or 6% of legacy contracts replacing early in the quarter. And you have actually have better absolute volume in first quarter than fourth quarter. So it’s the sense that’s lagging that pricing that was going down six months ago, nine months ago. And now we are starting to turn and inflect and that’s why it starts to go up in second quarter. Or is there something else I am missing there.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on the share re-purchase timing and I guess back to your answer to the question before, do you not have confident yet in the economy that the recovery is sound enough here to buy back stock at this moment in time? Unidentified Company Speaker Ed we are feeling better, I think everyone right now is surprised at the strength in first quarter and what we are seeing so far in April and if we see these things sustained here as we are going forward, we commit into our shareholders we are going to look at how we return some cash.
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose: Quick question, just kind of looking at how you trend throughout the year normally you know with to see us expanding being one time you really sort of sub 74 operating ratios is that about right? The way I look at this thing and…
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose: Yeah just some sort of it was 739s and you know with the pricing improving and you know volumes still there and you are still seeing some productivity, in fact your current speed should pick up as you know we are not going to see the same type of weather impact for 2Q. I am just wondering how quickly do you think UMP can sort of get back to the sort of 70 OR type of environment given all the things that we mentioned and given your productivity gains. I don’t know the time horizon but just it doesn’t seem like its added a question when I look at the model.
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose: What should we expect going forward still sort of the sort of 15 to 25 million range for the rest of the year on a more normalized basis.
Rob Knight: Yeah that’s probably not a bad number Jason. I mean we had bad real estate sales were a little lower in the quarter as well so that can fluctuate that number but that your thinking is not off track.
Rob Knight: We continue to make progress and you are right as we continue to click off legacy contracts and as Jack talked about the intermodal that improved our position, we’ve done a great job of moving forward on the recovery and minimizing the negative impact that comes with rising fuel prices. We still of course have the risk of the challenge from quarter-to-quarter should there be swings in fuel prices with the lag effect but we’ve made great progress on a recovery. We are going to continue to make progress as we move forward.  The other thing just talking about fuel, when you look at the impact of fuel year-over-year it costs us in the first quarter about $0.10 EPS and that’s primarily a result of the fact that we got a $0.20 plus as a result of favorable surcharge lag last year. So you kind of get those swings from quarter-to-quarter depending on what’s happening at the timing of the recovery but the bottom line is we continue to make progress, we have made great progress in minimizing the negative impact as a result of the contract.
Rob Knight: I can’t give a number Justin and there’s 75ish kind of fuel surcharge programs in our market. So trying to tie to a single number is not particularly useful at this stage, I think the bottom line here is we’ve really kind of removed that as being a major negative rising fuel price environment.  Just on an annual basis as Rob said, we pretty much neutralized fuel either way, you just have to be a little careful on a quarter to quarter basis particularly when you get a spike either way that you can have bigger impact on your earnings in that quarter but because of timing, on an annual basis we’ve pretty much limited it the majority of the fuel variability. 
Rob Knight: Ken it’s not a number that we talked about but it will be logically a little higher of course than the way we report and just to elaborate on the points you’re making you’re exactly right. The way we calculate price is we take it across our entire book of business. So it’s a yield if you will that takes into consideration every dollar of our revenue even that which we haven’t been able to touch for the contracts. So it is a conservative way of looking at price that’s how we have looked at it but so if you dissect it, just the same store sales base which we don’t, we won’t be logically be a little higher than that. 
Rob Knight: In rough numbers, average revenue as far as you see is a free, deal was a roughly three and mix was roughly a negative three. And the reason mix was so strongly negative, to the point we had such strong growth in our intermodal and automotive business groups. 
Rob Knight: As you have seen the published projected our cap of fuel component is expected to go up in the second quarter versus last year second quarter because of the change in fuel price but its all part of our expectation and our confidence that we are going to improve our pricing going forward but keep in mind that our contracts that renew that have an archive fuel component in the index, its not linear. I mean it can be lumpy and it’s not all of them reset for example on the second quarter. It builds into our overall confidence that things will improve from here. 
Rob Knight: Yes, you may recall in our last quarter earnings we indicated that, health and welfare cost would be higher and as a result we projected and did give guidance that we thought the inflation on our overall labor line would be closer to 5%ish. And in terms of absolute dollar amounts, that’s probably roughly $25 million quarter kind of number. 
Rob Knight: Yes, but its not going to be a major challenge to us and it’s not a hit to us in the first quarter as you’ve noticed in our earnings. So, yes and I guess I have to say because who knows what it all brings in terms of the actual details of the bill, but my number does take into consideration what we know about the healthcare bill yet. 
Rob Knight: If you look at our data you will see that trailer business is a very small portion of our total intermodal. I forgot what the actual number we’re down to now but I wouldn’t be surprised to see it in the 5%, 6%, 7% kind of a range. And there is a price differential. Its not exactly that just because we double stack with the pricing on the trailer business is significantly higher than the pricing on the double stack business and that reflects market and the demand that’s out there truck competition and everything else that we have to consider. 
