Lance Fritz: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today, in Omaha, practicing safe social distancing are Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sakes; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we discuss our first quarter results, I want to acknowledge the dedication and hard work of our employees. During this COVID pandemic, the woman and men of Union Pacific continue to connect American businesses and communities to each other and to the world, whether it's stocking a home pantry, supplying essential goods to healthcare providers, or moving critical building blocks for U.S. industries, they're getting the job done and they're not missing a beat. Their spirit shows up in so many ways. I see it in our health and medical team, looking out for the safety of our employees. I see it in our operating team, moving the goods that make a difference in peoples' lives, and I see it in our leaders, helping us work together, staying on point and positioned for the future. Their dedication is inspirational and lays the foundation for better days ahead. Our rail network has never run better, and we continue to provide a safer, more reliable, and more efficient service product to our customers. I am so very proud of the entire Union Pacific team. Moving on to our first quarter results, this morning, Union Pacific's reporting 2020 first quarter net income of $1.5 billion or $2.15 a share. This compares to $1.4 billion or $1.93 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 59%, a 4.6 percentage point improvement compared to the first quarter of 2019, and an all-time best quarterly OR. In addition to improving the efficiency of the railroad, we also made improvements in our safety results, which is always our top priority. For the quarter, our employee safety results improved 11% versus 2019. We also made progress in fuel consumption rate during the quarter. This reduces our fuel expense while also reducing our carbon footprint and the carbon footprint of our customers, which is a step in our commitment to address global warming. As I turn it over to the rest of the team you're going to hear how our first quarter results have further strengthened the Union Pacific to navigate the uncertainties that lie ahead. We'll start with Jim, and an operations update.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. Our first priority has been and will always be safety. We made good progress on safety in the first quarter, and I expect continued improvement. From a service and efficiency perspective I am so thankful that we went through the tough process of implementing the Unified Plan 2020 over the last 18 months. That work has put us in a position of great strength to deal with the future. When the time arrives, where COVID-19 is largely behind us, Union Pacific will be well positioned for long-term growth and excellent returns. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Okay. So, so far, I'll tell you the team has done a spectacular job. We are -- actually our train size has grown in April, not come down. So are full-bore, everyone is on looking at how we make this place with what the traffic that's offered to us and make it the most efficient. So it's actually gone up in size, train size in April. You'll see that when -- as we report next or you'll see it from how we talk at different conferences. As far as people, I think we've done a great job of staying ahead of the game. There would come a point where it's difficult to stay ahead of the drop in business, but so far, even up to this point right now with the traffic that we see in April, we've been able to stay ahead and be productive in that we are dropping more than the adjustment in business, but I'll tell you I'm no -- there's a certain point when it's impossible to do, so we're not there yet.
Lance Fritz: Brian, this is Lance. I just want to add. It's really simple to think about, if in this quarter as we anticipate volumes are off something like 25%, you got to take something like 25% of your activity out of the railroad to match before we start talking about incremental productivity. So, the basis for which you're going to create productivity gets very, very difficult when you take an order of magnitude change like that. On the opposite side, if you're growing 3%, 4%, 5% gives you all the opportunity not to add resources in and you can count that all as productivity.
Lance Fritz: So Chris, this is Lance, let me step that back up and come up to a higher level of depth and length of our downturn. So we're learning every week a little bit more about the dynamics of how deep it might be and how long it might be. It's still very unclear and the goalposts are pretty broad that you can hear very well educated, deeply experienced economists that still think about a V-recovery. You hear about W-recoveries, U-recoveries, a slow hockey stick ramp-up. I think our collective belief at this point is it's sharp and deep, it's going to last for a while, and recovery is going to be some kind of ramp but probably not terribly steep, and so, we're looking for those markers and nothing would please me more than to be wrong about this 25 percent-ish, and see some time in the second quarter that we're starting to see demand firm and our supply chains reflected, but there's a lot that needs to happen between here and there.
Lance Fritz: No, I don't think we're saying that specifically. I think what we're saying is, with such an abrupt downturn and the depth of it, productivity is going to be harder to come by. So for instance it's very unlikely, and it would be unreasonable to think about the second quarter in the $200 million order of magnitude like we saw in the first quarter, but I don't think a reasonable expectation is no productivity. I wouldn't expect that from us.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Tom. Part of your question also kind of is contemplating again depth and length of this downturn, and that's what makes our decisions the most difficult right now. So right now what we've got is decisions that we've made about resources like our exports, so that some part of our furloughed crews are more accessible to us quickly we've talked about at the ready locomotives. We've taken an action here on our non-agreement workforce and instead of taking a large scale of permanent force reduction. We thought for this period of time it's more prudent to ask our non-agreement workforce to take required unpaid leave of absence, so a week a month for four months. All of those actions are with an eye towards recovery is going to occur. We need to be ready for it, we need to be ready for whatever shape it takes, and still do what's prudent in the current environment, we think we got that balance.
Lance Fritz: Sure. Let me start and Kenny will give it some fine points. Parts of our pricing philosophy, the core pricing philosophy is unchanged and that's about having to generate a return on whatever piece of business we secure and making sure that our price reflects our value. What is cool about having fundamentally shifted our cost structure is that it opens up more markets to us. Clearly, trucks are very competitive in a loose market like what we've got right now. There is going to be elements of truck competitive business that makes no sense for us to pursue because somebody in the trucking world is willing to take it just to generate enough cash to survive, but our cost structure opens up a broader segment of that market to compete and win and generate an attractive return and we're doing that.
Lance Fritz: Okay. I'll start, Ravi. This is Lance. So the short answer is it's always easier for us to get productivity in a growing environment than in a shrinking environment. We've proven we can get it in a shrinking environment. When you shrink at 25%, it gets really, really difficult. It doesn't go to zero, but it just gets pretty difficult. In terms of PSR and fat clearly at 59 operating ratio, there is a less easy opportunity than there was at 69 operating ratio, but there is still opportunity in Jim's outlined many of them.
Lance Fritz: That's a great question, Ravi, and for sure there are going to be some opportunities that grow out of this crisis. One is we do hear our customers talking about evaluating their supply chains with an eye towards reliability being valued a little bit higher. That means near shoring or on-shoring some of those supply chains, and that would be a good thing for us generally speaking, we haven't necessarily seen that happen. I think it's way too early. I don't think you're going to see wholesale investment happen until suppliers. The industry starts becoming more confident in the demand side, but clearly I think we're going to see that, and that'll benefit, Mexico it'll benefit our, to and from Mexico business, and it will probably benefit our inside the United States businesses as well.
Lance Fritz: Yes. There is no change in how we look at the business plus changes that are service product is much, much stronger now and much more reliable and gives an opportunity to compete and win out there, and as I mentioned we are in two-thirds into the bid season. On the domestic side, we feel really good about the wins that are out there. I can't predict what's going to happen with GDP when it -- where those numbers are going to go, but I can predict that the service product is going to allow us to compete and win, and I feel just as confident and feel just as committed to what our commercial team is doing on the international intermodal side too.
Lance Fritz: Thanks for that question. You've got a number of things going on. We've got a much stronger service product, which is going to help us as we're competing against all the modes call it barge, rail or truck, but we also have a lower cost structure which helps us get into some of these newer markets. What I will tell you is that because our service product has been so strong, I think that's been the change X factor for us to go out and win this new business. We are able to get a longer haul or compete more closely with the truck fleet. So we're going to continue to price as a service product. We expect to be over inflation. There's nothing that shows me we wouldn't be able to do that even though right now, there's a lot of truck capacity out there.
Lance Fritz: Let me start Jim and then I'll turn it over to you. So, on the e-commerce question, clearly we're seeing e-commerce continue to penetrate in retail. We think that changes the opportunity, we don't think it decreases the opportunity. It changes supply chains, we still have a need to get from both to distribution site. Clearly, we're not part of hours or one-day delivery, but we don't have to be. What we have to be as part of the supply chain that gets product to the forward distribution sites that can fulfill like that, and we are and we continue to do that. So what it really says is we need to have our eyes wide open on the winners in that world and align well with them, and then I'll let Jim answer the question on resources and bringing them back.
Lance Fritz: Yes, let me get started, and I know Jennifer has been thinking about this a lot. We did look backwards into the last recession, the Great Recession, and looked at our variable versus fixed at that time, what we communicated to the world and what we actually executed, and we did a better job through the recession than we thought based on what we thought was variable and fixed at that time. I can tell you in going into this downturn, we're even more agile and flexible than we were in the last downturn.
Lance Fritz: And Jordan, Jennifer, I think the critical difference is speed of decision making and speed of implementation, that that's fundamentally different today and a benefit.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Jim, a little bit of whatever the number was 64-65 in the first quarter was self-inflected. You mentioned on the call that we had a little noise around our change in Fort Worth at Davidson Yard, where you stopped humping at Davidson, and that impacted that to a degree for probably six weeks. So, I would expect to your point, we are growing that number to start with a seven.
Lance Fritz: Absolutely, if you have cars that you don't touch as often, makes it easier for you to be able to handle. So, we are bulk railroad. Some people are bulk railroads more than we are at this point then you will load them up at one place and you haul them to the other. I am going to say is my mother could do that. So, it's a lot easier to get a number of it, so yes, but other traffic we have to handle in multiple and more steps. You have a better chance to have a failure somewhere in the process.
Lance Fritz: Thank you very much, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. Thank you participating with us this morning and for doing what you need to keep yourselves and your families, your loved ones safe and healthy. We look forward to talking with you again in July to discuss our second quarter 2020 results. Until then, I wish you all good health. Take care.
Jim Vena: Listen, the coal network was built to handle way more trains than we're handling. So, it starts off on a separate piece of the railroad, so there's no if, ands or buts that we're going to -- we're looking at that. We've got plans to be able to take advantage and use some of that, both in maintenance and some of the capital that we've put on the ground in there. On some of the other network, a little more difficult because if the -- it just mixes up with the rest of the trains we run, but absolutely, Allison, we've got a plan of when some segment of the railroad sees a downturn in traffic that we fix it. The big challenge for Kenny is this: I want him to fill it up. So I think he's got a great service product, and we get out there and fill out those pieces that are [technical difficulty] -- running with less traffic right now.
Jim Vena: So, Jennifer, and Brian, listen, $220 million first quarter starts us off real well to be able to deliver what we said, I think it's prudent that we look at it because if you drop volume, you have less chance to reduce, and just the way we measure cost takeout, it's true cost, there isn't anything, volume doesn't help us, but I'll tell you this, there's a list of things that I still want to get done, and with that, the way we operate our locals, the way we're handling our intermodal terminals to make them more efficient, the train size is still there, we can be more fluid with how we handle the railcars. You've seen us shut down a couple of diesel shops. So, all those things are still out there, and unless really the markets changed for us even more, I'm very comfortable with where Jennifer's got us guidance for this year. I'm very comfortable. I won't use the word go by, otherwise Jennifer will get excited, but I'm very comfortable with where we are.
Jim Vena: Oh. Listen, we've got so many locomotives part that I'm just about embarrassed to say how many we have parked, okay. So, there's some noise in it right now because of the business drop, but this is a number I look at, Ken, and I gave it to you at 18% improvement and locomotive productivity is the key number. We have lots of locomotives part. We're good if the business comes back, we're good if the business grows. We are being smart; we're putting all the technology, we've got the best locomotives and you can see the fuel efficiency that we said five, but you could take some of the noise out but a true 4% betterment. So there are some locomotors, we have a lot of them parked and we continue to park them every day right now with where we are with the business levels.
Jim Vena: Sure, sure. Listen, I'll start real quick, just to clear up the whole discussion about people, we have -- we started at 19% drop that we've announced over the first quarter year-over-year, and we think that we will continue to drop that down as the business comes down and with some productivity. I'm not sure where we're going to end up exactly, but stay tuned. I think we've got a great story moving ahead.
Jim Vena: Absolutely, we're looking forward to when our markets start returning to normal, because to Jennifer's point the first quarter is an absolute proof statement of what we're capable of doing.
Jim Vena: Not making a commentary on your math on what it translates into for the full-year. That 59 in the first quarter was clean.
Jim Vena: Tom, by now, I don't like to get away ahead and guess on what we're going to do next, and a lot of it is driven by car flow. So I think we have. We shut and idled five hump yards already, and there's probably possibility for more depending on how the traffic flows are, and we'll do that at the right time. Fort Worth cost us a little noise for a while, in the first quarter operationally and so you need to make sure you bet these things down well you don't impact the operation, but we see opportunities still and it doesn't matter where the volume is, it -- whether the volume is down or up, I see productivity, that we can and efficiency that we can get out of the place, and it's across the board. It's how we manage the number of people that we have that need to manage the processes we put in place for intermodal. Later on this year we're going to have consolidation in Chicago, down to three intermodal facilities from six. So I think that's great for us. We are looking at what we're doing down in the LA basin to see how we can give a better service product and be able to see -- touch the customer in a better way and the whole LA basin. So Tom, there's still lots out there. I see lots of opportunity but I'm being rolled. Hopefully I'm being smart, and I'll let Lance and Jennifer and Kenny give me the feedback, but we're trying to do this, or I'm trying to do it in a systematic manner where we don't impact the customer to the point where we lose business because of what we're doing, and we're able to do it and I think, and I've been here just over a year. I think it's been successful, great leadership from everybody at the table here with me. This is a team effort. So, I'm real happy and I -- there's lots of opportunity left, I must have just answered it, someone's going to ask me what any I mean, it's not football season anymore, it's not baseball season and I hope it was baseball season, but it's still like I got half of the game to go yet. Okay.
Jim Vena: Walter, listen, this is a great question. This is an extraordinary event. It's affecting the economy in a completely different way than I think anything, we've ever seen. So, we don't know whether it's going to be a quick up or it's going to be a slow up, but this is what we've done, we have prepared ourselves with the key ingredients you need to operate the railroad and rebound. So it's locomotives, people, we are out there every day and I give everybody at Union Pacific and all the people that are out there working that are still out there working every day, not just the Union Pacific accolades because our employees have come to work, and we have had no major issues with being able to move any of our trains, but what we're doing to get ready is the railroads in a safe manner. We're out there putting capital in, we have locomotives ready to go, like we've got enough locomotives that it could go back to where we were before. They are in a state where within hours, we can turn them back on and put them out in the fleet if we need to. We have people instead of following them completely, we're carrying a few extra and not just a few but we decided that it was a smart thing to do that be able to put the people back on to be able to operate the train. So we've done everything we can to handle whether it's a V, whether it's a U or it's and I'm hoping for a sharp turn. I hope the economy personally turns and everybody can get back to work and live the life that we had before, but if not we're set up to be ready for it, Walter.
Jim Vena: Walter, when we have whatever starting point we're at and we're at this point, absolutely because we see productivity gains, so we will not recall the same number of people back to work as we adjusted down. So, no if ands or buts, whether it was, whether we were for workforce when we have productivity gains that would have brought it down or now as it comes back, we just won't need quite as many people as we had before. Train size is one, we've got, if we can keep the train size up, we're going to need less people. So that's a good way to think about it, Walter.
Jim Vena: History tells me that with different customers the manifest business is a little bit different. This tried to reflect what we have committed to the customer, and we are measuring ourselves harder than what we actually committed to the customer as far as what their trip plan is on the individual railcar. So, you never get this number to a 100 just the same as the intermodal never gets to a 100. It's impossible to get there, but I think I would like to see it another double digit improvement, and I think if we do another double digit improvement the way we measure it, we remove most of the noise or a lot of the noise on how the interaction is of us living up to what we have committed to the customer. So, that's the way I look at it, David.
Jim Vena: Well, we have to finish this call with a little humor, [multiple speakers] and David, and to everybody, I should have mentioned even more, and I know Lance will, but listen, I am really proud of everybody and also everybody out there that is working to keep this country going from people at the frontline everywhere. So, thank you very much.
Jennifer Hamann: Thanks, Amit. No, my comment was on a year-over-year basis, and saying that with volumes declines that we're expecting of this magnitude, so down 25% or so, it's unlikely that we would be able to improve our operating ratio in the quarter. It was a quarter-only comment on a year-over-year -- 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, I mean, so we're obviously not going to give guidance on decremental margins. Again, you look at our first quarter performance, very strong. We were more than 100% volume variable, but I think when you thinking about how we look at the second quarter, I mean obviously 25% down volumes, and you -- your earlier questioner was asking around the operating ratio. It's tough to keep up in terms of your cost cutting when you have volumes come out that fast. We are going to be very aggressive and do everything we can, but we are not going to give specific guidance relative to headcount for second quarter or relative to the margins, but just know we're going to pull every lever available to us.
Jennifer Hamann: And just a quick reminder, I mean, our comparisons on a year -over-year basis relative to productivity get harder through the course of the year. We closed out the year with close to $200 million, $215 million of productivity. So, take all of those comments kind of into your mosaic of how you think about it, Chris.
Jennifer Hamann: So that's the part of our workforce, not the whole workforce. So to your question, Scott then about full-year or no you know we pulled that guidance off the table and it really is going to be dependent on what happens in the marketplace, the commentary that you've heard us have here today. Again, we would love to see volumes come back and in that environment. You know, we feel very, very good about our potential and when you saw what we did was down 7% volumes in the first quarter, making very strong improvements in our operating ratio and that's the kind of call that the proof statement test case whatever for words you want to put around that. In terms of what we're capable of, so we're just not going to give any guidance right now because we don't have great visibility to what volumes are going to be, other than where we think second quarter is going to end out, but let's stay tuned on that and if that changes and starts to turn around a little bit. You bet; I mean we think we've got great long-term opportunities.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. I mean in the first quarter obviously just look at it on an average revenue per car basis of our three business teams, the group that has the highest average revenue per car is our industrial team, and that's the group that has a little bit of growth for us here in the first quarter. So, those are the lines we have sort of given you guys the revenue ton per mile information on a broader segment of business, and so, I would just continue to watch that. We don't know what business is going to come back first, and so, that's really going to be the driver in terms of how the economy restarts and where that comes through. If it comes through in the manufacturing sector, that might be a positive for us. If it comes through more in the consumer goods and we are seeing more intermodal move, you see it there. I am less worried about mix and more concerned about what absolute volume is going to do, and that's where we want to see the market come back to us.
Jennifer Hamann: So, I appreciate the question about sharing the scenarios, but obviously you know that I am not going to do that. In terms of our cash priorities, I mean you have heard us consistently talk about we are going to invest in the business for the long-term that's what we are in this world to do is run a railroad and serve our customers, and grow the business, and so, Jim laid out very well for you how we are prioritizing that, and so, the first dollar goes to the capital investment, and we have our dividend which we very much committed to. We view that as an important part of our return to shareholders, and then, the excess free cash we have been using for share repurchases and that priority in terms of our spend is unchanged at this point.
Jennifer Hamann: Thanks Bascome. I'm going to decline that opportunity. It's part of everything that we're doing to manage our cost structure and pulling all the levers across the board, and you've heard us talk about that before, and you saw it in the first quarter where we were able to make improvement in every one of our cost categories, and so, this is part of certainly the comp and benefits line, but we've got work going on across the board, and that's really the way that we look at it is in that context.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, I mean, when we went back and did some of that, that work that Lance referenced, I think by the time we got through the recession, kind of call it end of 2009, we would have said we were maybe 80% volume variable or so adjusted for fuel. We said we were more than 100% already here in first quarter of 2020. So again, we have already been taken and that's the blessing of what we embarked with PSR and unified plan 2020 is we have already made significant changes in our cost structure, and when you think about yard closures, increasing train length, all of those things and the locomotive productivity we're seeing, that's given us great, much greater volume variability. Obviously, in the short-term, those areas that are the most volume variable for us are going to be on the comp and benefits line, fuel is almost 100% volume variable for us. Equipment rents is also pretty, pretty volume variable, and then everything else is something that over time, we'll continue to work through, but that's where I again, I think we're just in a very good position or in a different position than we were in the last recession because of all the work that we had already undertaken and have in the pipeline because of our unified plan 2020 efforts.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, thanks for the question, David. But we're not giving specific pricing guidance any longer. I think we made that statement a couple of quarters ago, so I'm not going to break that out for you, but I think consistent with my commentary, the less intermodal was certainly a part of that mix when you think that that is our lowest arc business that we have on the railroad, and that was offset somewhat by the fact that we also had sand lower, but net-net it was still a positive. Again, if you really look at that Industrial line, that's where we had some good growth in the quarter, and that's where we have some strong arc.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, I think as I said, fuel was actually a tailwind for us in the quarter. And that's kind of an all-in view in terms of the price, the surcharge, all taken together in terms of how we view that. There is a little bit of a lag year-over-year as we move into the second quarter as fuel prices have come down so steeply. But we don't see that as being a significant driver relative to the -- how we look at things on a mix basis.
Jennifer Hamann: No. I mean it is a factor in the overall arcs. As you see less fuel surcharge that's going to be reflected in the arcs we have. But as I mentioned, it does lag a little bit in terms of how fuel price comes down and how our surcharge comes down.
Jennifer Hamann: Sure. So we've used the 2.7 as just kind of a shorthand math for you all in terms of expressing where we view that within kind of the context of our credit rating. To your point, we did have dialogue with the credit agency around the time of our $750 million issuance. We share with them kind of our best thinking, some of our scenarios. And as I mentioned in my comments, they're comfortable with where we're at. Certainly if we had a need to go back into the markets we would have that dialogue again, but we feel very good where we're at. We believe we've got good access to credit if we need that. And we've obviously got some other things in terms of our revolver and the receivables facility if we need to, but those are, I would call, more of a belts-than-suspenders approach, but we feel good about it. I have no concerns there, and I believe the rating agency feel good with us as well.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, I'll walk you across pretty quickly here. The coal prices have just dropped here even over the last few months. There are some levels that we haven't seen in a while. I'm sure you see the same for curve forecast, and we'll see what happens there, but there is nothing that leads us to believe there is going to be large upside with coal, but we'll keep working with Jim's team to get the productivity that we can get out of it. The other part of the energy side of course is the oil prices, and you've seen what has happened there on the petroleum side with crude oil. We'll see what happens with those prices. Those prices also have an impact on our sand business in terms of drilling and then to a lesser degree the drilling pipe segments also. As you look at our plastics business, there is going to be an impact on our plastics business. I will tell you that there is more production that has come off, and there's more production that will come on. That is a positive for us. We're hearing that the -- or we know that the operating rates, where a number of our plastics producers has taken a step down, but that's still a very positive segment for us. I will say this, and I want to end it all with this, at the end of the day, our service product has been as good as it has been as we continue to see other pieces of carload business come up for us to bid on and compete for. I really like the position that the service product has put us in.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, so first of all, I believe you all see some of the information that we see publicly in terms of where the automotive OEMs are and they appear to be coming back sometime next month, call that the first-half of May. Clearly, there is going to be some ramp-up issues with that maybe they wouldn't start at 100%. We'll keep an eye on where that is as we look across our industrial customers. There are some customers that we're still seeing produce at a pretty strong clip. Rail network is still working pretty well. On the grain side, we're pretty optimistic there. We'll see what happens over the next few months. We do know that China has come in and purchase some grain during the back half of the year. We would expect that we should see some benefit from the Phase 1 deal, and then as you look at how as we're talking to our customers on the consumer side, I'll call those international intermodal and our domestic customers, I'll tell you, they still don't have that line of sight and what's going to happen. So we're not in a position, I'm not in a position even though we're talking to him every day to tell you what will happen there.
Kenny Rocker: Listen, we are spending capital and we have the sidings that I mentioned earlier on in place. We expect the train size to go up and have less train starts for the business that we have. So, that's productivity. We expect to be more productive with our local assignments and local operations. We expect to be more productive on our intermodal facilities and how we handle the traffic that we have. So as much as volume does make some of it harder, I'd love to have the whole time. Love to have a quarter with 2% or 3% volume growth hang on. I'd love to see where that number is, but it is not there because I'm not real worried about not having productivity this quarter.
Kenny Rocker: I want to just give you a view from my seat when our commercial teams go then and we talk to our customers, we're talking about -- after we go through our safety side, the second thing we talk about is the service product and Jim is exactly right. We've got a very strong service product to sell. We talked about the car velocity improving to make us more competitive with truck light services, as we entered into the year, what I would tell you is that on a carload basis, we felt really good about some of the wins in some key markets and we felt really good about opening up new markets that we hadn't touched. On our domestic intermodal side, we're about two-thirds along the way through our big season. We felt very good. I mean we felt very good about what we won in that area. So we need the market to help us there. Even in our international intermodal business towards the back half of the year, there have been some jump ball opportunities that we feel really good about that we've won that you should see so. Coming into the year, we felt really good about our opportunity to compete. The service product is something that we're going to use to make the pie larger to compete against truck, but we felt really confident wants the market comes back.
Kenny Rocker: Hi, Jim. There's something we don't talk a lot about. There's two ways to look at our stored locomotives. There's locomotives that are stored and intended to be stored for a while. That is we don't anticipate their need in the next week to month, and then, Jim's got other locomotives that we store in a low -- in a status called at the ready, and at the ready, are literally ready to be pulled out and put back into service on a moment's notice, and so, that mix is changing every day, but the at the readies allow us to react to business upturn, which we hope we see, and we hope it's a strong week, that'd be great.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, the only thing I'll mention is that again just to go back to the car velocity number and that's an average number, there is some mark areas where that car velocity number is much greater, and it has given us the ability to go out there and get the pricing that we believe we should be receiving or the service product that we're providing our customers. There is tremendous value that we're talking about when we talk to our customers and we're renewing business and going after new business and asking them to open up their truck lines for us.
Kenny Rocker: What's was not reflected in that number is that the transit times have gotten better. That's one thing, and I can tell you that our customers are acknowledging that the service on the carload side has gotten better.
