Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody. And welcome to Union Pacific’s third quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. I have also asked Jennifer Hamann, our newly-appointed Chief Financial Officer effective January 1st, to join us for the Q&A portion of the call. So before we get started today, I want to take a moment and thank Rob for his service and contributions to Union Pacific over his 40-year career, particularly the last 16 years as CFO. Rob’s been a critical member of our senior team and was instrumental in driving Union Pacific’s financial success. We wish him all of the best in his upcoming well-deserved retirement and thank you very much, Rob. I also would like to welcome Jennifer to the CFO role. She and Rob are doing a great job working through the transition and I am confident that Jennifer is the right choice to lead our financial initiatives into the future.  This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2019 third quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.22 a share. This represents a 3% increase in earnings per share and a 2% decrease in net income compared to 2018. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at a 59.5%, a 2.2 percentage point improvement compared to the third quarter of 2018.  Once again, this represents an all-time record quarterly operating ratio, beating our previous low established last quarter. That’s quite an achievement when you consider the fall-off in volume during the quarter. We are continuing to drive productivity through our G55 + 0 and Unified Plan 2020 efforts, which are also producing a safe, reliable and consistent service product for our customers. The work our employees are doing as part of Unified Plan 2020 is foundational to the company’s success and there are additional improvement opportunities going forward for both our customers and our shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Kenny to provide more details on our results.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered solid third quarter financial results and we made tremendous strides to improve our productivity and service product as part of Unified Plan 2020. For the remainder of 2019, we look forward to building on our successes and we provide a highly consistent and reliable service product for our customers. Although, there are some unknowns looking ahead at the economy, confidence in our operational capabilities, as Rob just mentioned, has never been greater. As always, we are committed to operating a safe railroad for our employees and the communities that we serve and we have some work to do there. We remain squarely focused on driving long-term shareholder value by appropriately investing in the railroad and returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. With that, let’s open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. One thing that I would add, Tom, is we are very happy with our service product and the trend that it’s on. So it’s currently a very good service product and it’s showing itself to be reliable and consistent, and I think it’s going to continue to improve. So from that basis, we are in a great place to compete for business. Having said that, we are also continuing to be a very, very disciplined on our price. So we are not trying to chase market share, we are not trying to chase the market down against loose truck, and we will just compete based on the service that we provide, we will price for that. And as the economy strengthens, which it will at some point and as truck capacity tightens up, which it will at some point, we are in a great place to take advantage of that.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Let me start, Scott, and then I will hand it over to Rob and Jim. So the bottomline for next year is we have got guidance out there sub-60, but we have constantly said we are going to be as sub-sub-60 as we possibly can be. As we enter next year, we have got good momentum, right? If we can get a little cooperation from the economy, that would be very helpful. We have had some puts and takes this year. We have discussed those through the quarter, so we know what those are. But we are going to get as sub of 60 as we possibly can. And with that, I will turn it over to Rob and Jim to fill in.
Lance Fritz: Our marketplace, as we relay to you every quarter, it remains very competitive and it remains competitive specifically in the intermodal space not just against rail competition, but specifically against truck competition. Trucks are pretty darn loose right now, which means the capacity is readily available and widely reported that truck pricing has been dropping. So we are looking forward to seeing a bottom of that and then an upturn. And I anticipate that will occur. I don’t know when. But you see truck orders substantially down, you see production starting to turn negative and that all bodes well for competition as we look forward.
Lance Fritz: Sure. So let’s take them in two pieces. I will start with the regulatory environment. So the STB is poised to be fully staffed with five Board members in the not too distant future. And they have already started getting more active on a host of items that they are pursuing, either old items on the docket that just weren’t handled over the course of the last five years and in some cases new items. Our posture is we are continually engaged with the STB to help them understand what some of the negative impacts could be of some of the regulations that are being considered and also help them understand that each regulation can’t really be taken on its own. It forms a mosaic of regulatory impact. And the end game for the railroads for the STB is to make sure that the railroads are healthy and can continue to invest capital in the railroads so that we have a robust infrastructure to support the United States. So we constantly are having dialogue and communication about current state of the railroad. How good the service product is? What we are working on? And what the risks are of some of the regulations that are being considered. In terms of our negotiation with labor, you did see that there was a lawsuit filed against the Smart TD. That was to compel that specific union to negotiate on crew consist or at least consider that through arbitration as a negotiating item. That it was -- it’s a technical matter and I look forward to that being addressed through the courts. The end of the current moratorium is November 1. So sometime around that time frame, unions are free to put demands on the railroad management teams and railroad management is free to put demands for negotiating on unions. I anticipate that’s going to happen. I anticipate it’s going to be a robust negotiating season and I look forward to that, and I look forward to be able to work with our unions to continue to position Union Pacific as a competitive strong supporter of the U.S. economy.
Lance Fritz: Well, thanks for the feedback, Amit. Listen, the team has done a great job. You don’t change from a 7,000 foot railroad to an 8,000 foot railroad in nine months without touching a lot of places. We have a great network. So that’s what’s nice about as business comes, which it’s going to come, we drive more of it to the bottomline because the costs are not going to go up 1 to 1. In fact, I’d be very interested to see what happens when the business goes up next year.  Second is we will invest -- we found some places in this network that we need to invest and we will invest and make sure the same as we have done on the Sunset to increase train size and be more fluid and have less trains running with more product on it. The upper limit, I don’t guess. It’s a traffic mix depending on what kind of traffic you have. We have some traffic that is very tough to build big trains with just because of origin and destination and others we have the possibility to be able to increase them. So I continue to see improvement. I know what other railroads have had the capability of doing, one that I worked at. So I think we will buy that number that they have had without an issue next year as we build this infrastructure even better and harden it.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Jordan. This is Lance. Two points, one that the truck capacity, overcapacity of truck supply really needs to get adjusted for those spot rates and contract rates to start going back up. And then the second thing to note is, our service product consistent, reliable, over a period of time will start convincing customers who have historically split their book of business but would have benefited by putting more on rail to put more on rail. So over time, theoretically, I think, we should see more opportunity as opposed to less even in the status quo environment.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. If you look at it, clearly we have some tough comps. I think we all remember some of the pull aheads that we were faced on the intermodal side especially with our international intermodal, and clearly, natural gas is in a different place than it was around the same time last year. So structurally those are two fundamental issues that are there. We will continue to also keep an eye on what’s going on in the automotive industry. Our Detroit team is working with GM, and although, we didn’t see a significant impact in the third quarter, we are going to be working with them and all the auto players to see the impacts that it’s having early on in the fourth quarter.
Lance Fritz: No. What I am saying is that those comps are impacting what you are seeing in terms of the delta that we are down.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. So let’s talk about the Intermodal business broken into two pieces, international and domestic. They are both attractive. Our work on cost structure has made growth in both attractive to us presuming it’s in the right price. And from a domestic Intermodal perspective, we have got a track record of growing domestic intermodal up until about the last call it 18 months and I think that has more to do with the flip on truck capacity than almost anything else. Once overcapacity happens in trucks, there’s just a lot of behavior that breaks out the marketplace that makes it difficult to grow in an attractive return. Our current cost structure has changed the playing field for us in terms of what’s an attractive piece of business and our current service product has changed the playing field so that customers look at us and think, boy, they are a viable alternative to my truck network. So both of those I think should be positives for us to get back on the path of growing domestic Intermodal. That still needs to also occur in the context of truck capacity getting right-sized. Internationally, there is no doubt that Southern California ports have lost some market share both to Canada and to a smaller degree the East Coast ports and that is troubling. And that I think has less to do, I know it has less to do with our service product from California ports to, let’s say, places like Chicago and more to do with the overall cost and infrastructure of landing a box and paying fees at ports. So we are really trying to help the port of -- ports in California along the West Coast of the United States understand those dynamics and understand that it’s a very competitive environment and the whole supply chain has to be involved in winning that business back to the West Coast ports. Net-net, our service product is being designed on an end-to-end game. So it’s not just the transit over the road we are worried about, what dray looks like around our facilities in Chicago, what grounding looks like, how quickly we can turn our equipment with stripping and reloading, all that is moving in the right direction, and I think, all that is going to create opportunity in the future. We need to do that in partnership with our ports as well and we are.
Lance Fritz: For sure we are having those conversations. You have seen our product design change. We de-market it and got out of low density lanes. We have changed the layout of our Intermodal ramps in Chicago so that they are much more focused and dedicated. For instance, G4 in Joliet on international, G2 in Proviso on domestic, G-- the yard center on North-South on automotive parts and that’s helping. So, yeah, I would say, we are addressing the marketplace in a different way to have a service product that wins. And it’s a good looking service product right now. And right now it’s basically up to the marketplace, and Kenny’s team to make those matches happen and to get essentially the truck overcapacity back into the right box.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Walter, so let me put a little finer point on the answer that we gave a little while back. Specific to Intermodal, specific to rationalizing our lanes, that impact might be a couple of 3 percentage points. So you are right, there’s a bit of that and I would expect us to grow back through that. But there is still a piece in that particular marketplace that is both truck overcapacity that has to get back in the box and it will. Those always ebb and flow over time in business cycles and I think those are the two big moving parts.
Lance Fritz: We are looking forward to volume presuming the economy stays healthy. I would love to see a little bit of growth. That would be welcome. But whatever the economy is, Rob says this, it’s probably a fitting ending to the call. Rob says that every time we get together and that is the economy is what the economy is. We deal with the hand that we are dealt and we don’t use that as an excuse and we won’t.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions. In closing, we have made really good progress in the third quarter delivering a more consistent reliable service product with a fundamentally smaller cost structure. And although, I’d much prefer a growth environment, our operating performance gives us a lot of confidence that as volume returns to the network, we are going to leverage it very efficiently and return even stronger results. With that, I look forward to talking with you again in January to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. Thank you.
Kenny Rocker: Thank you, Lance, and good morning. For the third quarter, our volume was down 8% as gains in our Industrial business group were more than offset by declines in Ag Products, Premium and Energy. At the same time, we generated a positive net core pricing of 2.5% in the quarter as we continue to price our service product to the value it represents in the marketplace while ensuring it generates an appropriate return. Freight revenue was down 7%, driven by the decrease in volume partially offset by a 1% improvement in average revenue per car. Let’s take a closer look at the performance of each business group. Starting off with Ag Products, revenue for the quarter was down 1% on a 2% decrease in volume and a 2% improvement in average revenue per car. Grain carloads were down 3%, primarily driven by continued reductions in export grain shipments, partially offsetting feed grain declines with strength in wheat. Volume for grain products was flat as sustained demand for biofuels and supporting products was offset by reduced exports. Fertilizer and sulfur carloads were down 5% primarily due to soft global demand for potash. Moving on to Energy, revenue was down 20% as volume declined 15%, coupled with a 5% decrease in average revenue per car related to negative mix with the loss of long-haul sand volume. Sand carloads were down 45%, largely due to the impact of local sand. Coal and coke volume was down 17%, due to the softer market conditions resulting from lower natural gas prices and weak export demand. In addition, contract changes and retirements also impacted volumes in the quarter. However, on a positive note, favorable crude oil price spreads drove an increase in crude oil shipments, which was the primary driver for the 18% increase in petroleum, LPG, and renewable carloads for the quarter. Industrial revenue was down 1% on a 2% increase in volume and a 3% decrease in average revenue per car due to negative mix with increased short-haul business. Construction carloads increased 16%, primarily driven by a strong market demand in the south for rock shipments. Plastics volume increased 7% due to higher production. Forest product volume decreased 11% driven by softness in the lumber and paper markets. Turning to Premium, revenue for the quarter was down 9% on an 11% decrease in volume, while average revenue per car improved by 2%. Domestic intermodal volume declined 11%, primarily driven by an abundant truck supply coupled with softer demand during the quarter. International intermodal volume was down 12% during the quarter, reflecting weak market conditions related to trade uncertainty, escalating tariffs, and challenging year-over-year comparisons, driven by accelerated shipments seeking to avoid tariff in September 2018. And finally, finished vehicle shipments were down 4% for the quarter. Third quarter U.S. auto sales were down approximately 2% from 2018. Strong light vehicle and SUV sales did not fully offset declining car demand. Looking ahead for the rest of 2019, for Ag Products, we anticipate continued strength in advanced biofuel shipments and associated feedstock due to an increase in demand, which will help offset challenges in the ethanol marketplace. We also expect stronger beer shipments along with long-term penetration growth across multiple segments of our food and refrigerated business. And furthermore, with the recent outlook with China to take more Ag Products, we hope to see some relief as those exports resume. However, we will continue to keep a watchful eye on foreign tariffs within our Ag market. For Energy, we expect favorable crude oil price spreads to drive positive results for petroleum products. Local sand supply will continue to impact volume, although the comps should improve over the long term. We also expect coal to experience continued challenges with volume throughout the balance of the year and weather conditions will always be a key factor for coal demand. Looking at Industrial, we anticipate an increase in plastic shipments driven largely by plant expansions coming online later this year coupled with continued strength in the construction market in the South, but we continue to watch housing starts and the projected softness in the overall market. And lastly, for Premium, the light U.S. vehicle sales forecast for 2019 of 16.8 million units, down about 2% from 2018. Although, we remain encouraged by the tentative agreement between General Motors and their autoworkers, we are still keeping a close watch on it and the associated volume impact. Domestic Intermodal volume is sequentially strengthening, but when compared to 2018, it is expected to be impacted by truck competition in the fourth quarter. In addition, we expect international intermodal to return to its normal seasonal flow but face tough year-over-year comparisons due to accelerated shipments seeking to avoid tariff increases in 2018. And now, I will turn it over to Jim.
Kenny Rocker: So, first of all, I just want to give a shout out to Jim, wishing the operating team for creating an environment where we can price to a really strong service product out there. So our commercial team is doing a really good job of keeping pricing discipline and aligning our price consistent with that service offering that’s improving. Having said all those things, there is a very competitive truck environment that is out there. I think all of you are aware of what’s taking place in the marketplace and we complete -- compete daily with a number of rail carriers in North America. But I think the important thing for you to hear is that we are going to maintain pricing discipline especially as our service products is improving and as that service product improves, we also expect that to help us grow.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. I will tell you that we would have appreciated a stronger economy to help us compete for more opportunities. But the fact that the service product on the intermodal side is actually strengthening is something that we appreciate. And yes, we have seen a lot of competition out there from both the trucking side, and as always, we compete with the western rail carriers and the North American rail carriers. So that has going to be around for us and we will continue to compete there.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So, first of all, it’s a little premature for us to talk about the plan for the following year. But, yeah, I would expect that we would be on the slightly positive side of the ledger. As we look towards the future and the fact that we have got a good service product really helps us out. When you look at the sand business, yeah, that local sand penetration has been with us now for a good 18 months. I will tell you that I would expect that those comparisons to slow over time. So maybe not the immediate near-term, but over the longer term, it certainly should, those comparisons should get easier for us.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. We are keeping an eye on the trucking market. Over the last couple months and even over the last couple weeks, we are seeing it firm up a little bit. We are also keeping an eye on what will happen in terms of a peak season out there because there is some interplay between our domestic business and our international business. But right now, we would really appreciate more help from the overall economy.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So longer term, again, we think the comps for the sand will improve. We will see what happens there. On the crude oil side, we feel very optimistic about that market and we -- I look at that as a couple to a few years type of opportunity and we are gearing up, and we have got the resources out there, and I think you have read where the government has increased the curtailment, so we are expecting more volume to come along.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So Rob talked about this a little bit earlier, and we really have got some strong double-digit growth on the construction products. Our rock shipments have a shorter length of haul. That’s there. You could possibly make the -- as you look at a lot of the Petrochem business, it’s also a lot that moves inside and interchange into the Gulf. So you have got a strong mix there of growth that is not as longer haul as say some of the other pieces of business like our lumber that’s down.
Kenny Rocker: We would expect both the Petrochem and the Construction Product business to continue to grow. I think the economy will help us out with the housing market right now, it’s been pretty flat, and again, that’s also truck susceptible. So a stronger economy will help us compete better in that housing market and we would hope for a little bit more help with the overall side there.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. We have turned on things like the Intermodal reservation terminal reservation so that our customers have really good visibility on which containers or which boxes they are going to move on what date. So it takes out any confusion or ambiguity there, which the customers love.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Justin, this is Rob. We haven’t finalized our 2020 plan, and so volume will obviously have a role in what the headcount actually ends up being, but we are confident in that and we are hopeful that volume is positive, and we will grow that very efficiently from a productivity standpoint. Having said that, you are right, we are exiting at a very efficient level. We are gaining momentum with the Precision Rail Unified Plan 2020 initiatives that Jim talked about. So, directionally, I think you are thinking about it right, we are not guiding to that number, but that directionally is exactly what we are thinking.
Rob Knight: Yeah. We are not giving quarterly guidance on that, but I think directionally also there you are thinking about it right and I gave you sort of an early look at what we expect to see on the volume front, which I think would be a similar decline in the fourth quarter that we saw in the third quarter. So there’s nothing unusual outside of that. We are obviously going to continue to implement the Unified Plan 2020 initiatives and do as good as we can, but you are thinking about it directionally right.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Chris, as you know, we don’t give guidance on mix and the reason for that is we have such a diverse product mix that we have mix within mix. You have heard me say that many times. Having said that, the challenges, and perhaps, to some, the surprise in the third quarter mix was I think largely explained by the increase in the shorter-haul rock shipments that we called out. I mean, intermodal, I think, everybody gets that. Most of the other moves like Ag everybody kind of gets that. The shorter-haul rock shipments that increased I think were perhaps a little bit of a surprise to some on the mix. Having said that, I see no reason why the fourth quarter wouldn’t -- would be materially different from what we saw in the third quarter. Again, I am going to stay away from specific mix guidance, but directionally I would envision it looking similar.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Scott, this is Rob. Let me take the cost per employee. The -- kind of delta, if you rose, as to why it was up above what we would expect in terms of the inflation was really some of the overtime which a lot of changes going on in operations but the overtime is something that did inflate that cost per employee up a little bit. As we look to 2020, again we haven’t finalized our planning assumptions yet, but I would say, it’s probably overall inflation for 2020 is going to be in the neighborhood of 2%, with labor probably in the 2.5-ish range again. And on the purchase services, I guess I wouldn’t call out anything unique there, obviously, as we pursue the Unified Plan 2020 initiatives there will be opportunities we think for us to continue to rationalize and be as efficient as we can on that line as well.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Scott, I would just add to that that, as you know, every step on the ladder of efficiency that we have had over the years we have always tried to get there as safely and efficiently and quickly as we can, and frankly we have. So I would say that’s similar to the numbers that we have out there. I feel, as I said in my comments, I feel as good as I have ever felt in my career about where we are operationally. So the things that I feel like we can control to get to that sub-60, I feel extremely good about. So the variable right now as I look to 2020 is really the economy, and as we sit right here today, we are certainly hopeful and thinking that the volume will be on the maybe slightly on the positive side of the ledger, but that’s still an unknown at this point. So I think that’s really the big variable as to how sub, sub can be on that sub-60 guidance for next year.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Ravi, I would just add, Lance nailed it, but I would add, as I said in my comments, you are right, it is a shift. But I think, as I exit the company, I also have never felt better about the understanding and value of understanding the impact that the pricing has on our financials. And you combine that with the continually improving service product, there’s no doubt in my mind that Kenny and the marketing team completely understand that it’s our objective to drive as positive a price and earn the adequate returns that we can in the marketplace. So rest assured, I guess, the point is, rest assured that, because we think commercially it’s not to our advantage to be talking as precisely as we have about price, don’t interpret that to mean that we are not aggressively going after pricing opportunities, which we think are still there and we are going to aggressively pursue that.
Rob Knight: And the best way to combat that is an improved service product and that’s what we are getting right now.
Rob Knight: Amit, this is Rob. I think you are spot on. We would love nothing more than to see volume be as positive as possible and there obviously are some direct volume variable costs that would come on Board with that, but at a very productive level. But I think you hit the nail on the head, and that is we are well-positioned now as volume does return for the incremental margins to be impressive, because there is no, I mean, we won’t have to add back the costs that we have been able to right-size and achieve through the Unified Plan 2020, so the efficiencies and the incremental margins, to your point, from the incremental volume that comes on Board should be extremely efficient.
Rob Knight: There is one last thing to note here, and it’s lost on a lot of people. It’s a benefit of the train design that we have got Unified Plan 2020 and that is much more of our volume is running in mixed manifest traffic now. Kenny talks about it from the perspective of that’s enabling us to win business that we used to pass on because it wasn’t conducive to a unique boutique train. Well, in the old days, if 40% or 45% of our network was in the manifest world, that number is looking more like two-thirds and three-quarters, which means volume can grow across different segments and we can leverage it into train size, whereas that opportunity to do that historically was probably a little more limited. So that’s a big benefit of the Unified Plan 2020.
Rob Knight: Yeah. Without a fine point on it, I can’t see any reason why directionally it wouldn’t look similar to the third quarter.
Jim Vena: I think the numbers speak for themselves. Lance, I think, the team did a great job of taking into account where the volume ended up this quarter and what we were able to react, and we are going to do the same thing. We are going to react to -- on any volume. Hopefully, the volume goes up. But at the end of it, we will react in the right way and we see a sequential drop in the number of people that we have as we move forward against the flat line business model.
Jim Vena: Yeah. Chris, I will take that, a mix of questions. The short answer is in terms of design of our network in the intermodal space. There has been small single-digit impact on intermodal volume from rationalizing low volume lanes, low density lanes. That made sense in the book of business. It still makes sense. And when you aggregate that back up to the entire railroad, it’s really largely an asterisk.  When you get into the other parts of your question about contracts, we don’t talk specifically about customers, but I -- but we did call out both in the first quarter, and I think, Kenny mentioned it again this quarter that, we did have a coal contract change hands that is impacting this year to a degree and we haven’t talked about any other contracts precisely.
Jim Vena: Listen, the only thing I can add, I think, Lance and Rob have done a great job of giving the macro view of it. Operationally, we are just starting. I think, there’s lots to do. I think, I have been here for nine months, a couple of days ago. I think what the team has been able to deliver and you see it in the metrics that are real key. I think -- I don’t think, I know, next year is going to be a great year operationally. We will take whatever business. Hopefully it’s an increase in business, and Kenny, a substantial increase. And we will show what this team can do, and if not, we react to it properly. I see lots of headway and I am excited by what I see coming forward for the end of this year and next year.
Jim Vena: I think, we are headed in the right direction. You are thinking right. We are -- the more we can put, the less train starts, put more product on the trains, make it more efficient, adjust our yards just like we did in Kansas City, we drive productivity better, we will see that improve as we move ahead, Scott. So nothing wrong with the way you are thinking.
Jim Vena: That’s where that work that the operating team has been doing on train size really pays off and when we talk about train size opportunity into the future, volume growth is just going to be our friend.
Jim Vena: Lance, I think, you hit it right on the nail. The bottomline is, is I don’t think we have to increase. We have an increase in business. We are not going to increase on a same percentage as we go up or going to become more efficient. It helps us become even more efficient. I think we have shown what we could do this quarter. When you have this kind of an adjustment in volume and for us to drop 5,700 FTEs in the third quarter shows that we have got the capability to make the right adjustments when the business level is and a lot of that cut was because of the efficiencies that we built into the system. So I am looking forward to what happens the next few months and into the next year and I am very excited about it. I think the numbers will dictate a great result for this company moving forward.
Jim Vena: Yeah. You are right on that service has improved and our customers are realizing that and it will take a while. I mean, we are talking about a few months now where our service has really turned a corner from the weather event. The spot rates have now lowered. They are less than 20% from the highs where they were over 25% last year in terms of being depressed. In terms of where we need to be in that delta, we have always said that we would like to be from the contracting rates anywhere from 10% to 15% lower than the contracted rates and so we will continue to see what happens in the marketplace going forward.
Jim Vena: I think the important thing is that we are already seeing wins. The commercial team is already putting together some wins out there that are specific to UP 2020 and so the expectation is that that will continue as we move forward in the next year.
Jim Vena: I think, if you look at what we are trying to do, it’s a great question, because I look at it holistically for the whole company, not just looking at numbers of what we are doing. All we are trying to do is move cars as fast as possible, remove the touch points and give better service product and that’s what we are doing. And this is a winning game, so we drop our operating, we have become the most efficient railroad in North America, we are able to then compete against everybody.  So what I see out there is we just started. We are truly baseball season, great time of the year, maybe not if you are a Yankee fan right now, a little tough, but at the end of it, I think, that we are early innings and we still have a lot to do productivity-wise in this company, and stay tuned, and we will move ahead and I will announce them as we are ready to go.
Jim Vena: I am not going to put a number on next year. Let’s wait and see what we -- where we end up with and where we want to put the place mark for next year. But operationally and what I see in this company and what I have seen from my history is that we will continue to improve our efficiency. We will be able to draw more business on because we win in the marketplace with a better product. We look at it end-to-end. I am going to try to make Kenny’s job easier moving forward. So I think it’s a win-win for us moving ahead and that’s about as close as I will get to giving you any numbers.
Jim Vena: Stay tuned. We will just work through it as the business mix and what we look at. I think we have already got a pretty good plan of what we look at our network. But at this point nothing to announce.
Jim Vena: Son of a gun, I am telling you, Walter. So 5,700 FTEs, 13% drop versus volume 8%, train length up 16%, dwell time dropped, freight velocity up, workforce productivity on a dropping business model better, so if that’s average, son of a gun, I want average again next quarter, okay? That’s the way I look at it. I think we have got to be smart about it. We don’t want to blow up the place. I could have park a thousand locomotives the first day I showed up. I am not going to do that. I think it’s a long game and I don’t mean long by years, but it’s a long game, do it right. Get the right product and this whole intermodal discussion, it’s a great question, and this is where we want to be. We want to be where we have a very efficient railroad. We are able to open up new markets. We are able to beat the competition which is other railroads and truck and bring more product in without dropping our price. So that’s the game we are playing. I am excited about it, Walter, and you are a tough, your kids must hate coming home with their score cards, you are a tough marker.
Jim Vena: Okay. So let’s talk about train speed. People want to worry about train speed. I look at car velocity which is the end-to-end measure that the customer looks at. It’s not just a subsection. So what we have done is we have taken some of our trains that used to run through and been able to not stop and get end-to-end, and we have added work events for them. We get them at 3,000 or 4,000 cars instead of running extra trains. So at this point, we are looking through that. What I see moving forward is, we will have the fastest train velocity of anybody in the railroad network that we compare ourselves to. So we are working towards that and I expect some noise some more. If I have a choice of increasing the train speed by a tenth of 1% and running the car velocity quicker and being able to drop the number of cars I need by 5,000, I will take the car drop and car velocity over the train speed. So that’s where my mind is with it.
Jim Vena: No. Fadi, in fact, it’s the other way the way I see it. I would love to have increase in volume come on. Volume helps us in that we are able to really run the place more efficiently and more -- as cars come on on the same trains that we are operating on. So I see volume as a helper. It helps us both topline and bottomline. But on top of that efficiency wise it helps us even better. So that’s exactly what we want, Fadi.
Jim Vena: I hate to be negative but the answer is no. We will react on what the market gives us. What the competition gives us and what is available for the economy. So we will react in the right way up or down and I am hoping that it’s up and everything that we see is with the floods and everything we have we see a good year starting next year. So that’s where we are, Fadi.
