Lance Fritz: Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Cameron Scott, our Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.2 billion, or $1.38 per share for the second quarter of 2015. This is a 3% decrease in earnings per share compared to the second quarter of 2014. Solid core pricing gains were not enough to overcome a significant decrease in demand. Total volumes in the second quarter were down 6%, led by a sharp decline in coal. Industrial products and agricultural products also posted significant volume decreases. As you recall, first quarter volumes were down 2%, and we began realigning our resources early in the year, storing locomotives and furloughing employees. These efforts continued throughout the second quarter. We've made meaningful progress right sizing our resources to current volumes, and I'm encouraged to report that we've made these improvements while posting strong safety performance. But, our work is not finished. We'll continue to become more agile with our network and our resources. We remain focused on providing safe and efficient service for our customers, and strong financial performance for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
Lance Fritz: Thanks, Rob. With the challenges of the first half now behind us, our focus is on the remainder of the year and beyond. Clearly, there are still a lot of moving parts. We'll keep a close eye on crude oil and natural gas prices, the upcoming grain harvest, the strong dollar impact on balance of trade, as well as the continued demand for autos and the outlook for the consumer economy. All of this leads to a fluid demand picture across many of our business segments. While the volume outlook is uncertain, we remain laser focused on operating safely and efficiently no matter what the market environment. We will continue to reduce costs and productivity as we further align resources with demand. While we've made some progress, there is more to be done. Longer term, we continue to be optimistic about the strengths of our diverse rail franchise. We remain committed to providing excellent service for our customers and strong returns to our shareholders in the years ahead. So with that, let's open up the lines for your questions.
Lance Fritz: I'd like to add to that. This is Lance, our commercial team has a robust business development pipeline. They're pursuing business opportunity that presents itself to us because of our wonderful diverse franchise. So to Rob's point, it's hard to be precise in making a future call. There are opportunities and puts and takes. The guidance we've given you is what we think is our best guess.
Lance Fritz: Scott, this is Lance. I want to react to something that was in your question, which said tougher to grow earnings, going forward. I want to reemphasize what we've constantly focused on with our investors, and that is we've got an industry best franchise. It's got plenty of opportunity for a growth and business development. We've got plenty of opportunity to continue to improve the productivity and efficiency of operations. For the very long term, we feel very good about our long-term guidance.
Lance Fritz: Sure. So Ken, putting this all in context, right? This time last year, second quarter last year, we were behind in resources, experiencing substantial growth, and as rapidly as we could, filling our pipeline with new employees. We came into this quarter or this year and then in the first quarter, as you note, declined 2%, which was not our expectation and then further declined in the second quarter. So as soon as we recognized this year that we need to make adjustments, we've been doing so. The big thing that has us mismatched right now is really two parts, and Rob hit both. One is our capital program and the type of capital we're spending is demanding that we have more capital head count. So there's a head count imbalance there that grew year-over-year, and our training pipeline where we were just filling it up in the second quarter last year, and we're now emptying it out in the second quarter this year. As we move into the third quarter, all of that is happening at a rapid pace and will continue to happen. I expect by the end of the third quarter, much more balance as regards to training and as regards overall head count and resources targeted on the transportation product. You know, answering your question, could we do things faster? Hindsight is a luxury we typically don't have in planning the business. I certainly wish we had better clarity in what our markets would be doing, what the mix would look like. We certainly would be making adjustments more rapidly if we did. However, in the pragmatic world we're in right now, there is an opportunity for us to be better. We're working very hard right now in trying to figure out ways to be more agile with our resources, to be quicker in recognizing market shifts and being quicker and being able to take those actions. So I think it's a fair question.
Lance Fritz: What's part disappointing and part encouraging - and Cameron walked us through this. We had areas of real productivity improvement that our team drove, both the commercial and the operating team, from the standpoint of train size improvement to near record levels on almost every product. Continued improvement, and switching efficiency, and it was overwhelmed by this mismatch, this imbalance in resources. We're aggressively going after that, we'll get that right.
Lance Fritz: Okay. Our first primary focus in Washington is an extension on positive train control, or PTC. We've been crystal clear with our regulators and elected officials that we need that, that Union Pacific is not going to make the deadline. There is really no railroad that will make that deadline. The industry needs an extension. I believe everybody understands that. It looks like there's an opportunity to have that happen as maybe part of a highway bill or some other vehicle. The hard part of that is we've got to start making plans in case a PTC extension does not occur. And we'll then have to start communicating to our affected customers and commuter agencies what those plans are and what the timing is. That probably starts up sometime in September. There is a bit of a clock ticking on that. The second thing we're focused on intently is HAZMAT regulation, as you pointed out. We are in that dialogue. We think the regulation as published by the DOT has a couple of flaws. More broadly, we're very supportive of a new tank car standard. We've been asking for it, both as a company and as an industry for years. We are working diligently to get that standard right, to make it more safe than it currently is. The last thing we're working pretty hard on is different issues in front of the STB which is our commercial regulator. We're active in that dialogue, and trying to navigate that for the best of our company.
Lance Fritz: I'm going to throw it to Eric, but I'm very proud of the team for their results in the second quarter and a very difficult environment. The effectively priced for the value of the product, and that was a good outcome.
Lance Fritz: Something else to keep in mind, Justin, is we've got plenty of capital capacity already built for the coal network. It's not really driving CapEx today.
Lance Fritz: Yes, so, we are balancing locomotives real-time to match the transportation plan, which matches what demand is telling us. So local motives from a storage count are very close to being about the right size. Right now, we have something like 900 locomotives in storage. The head count issue, again, is a little bit part capital, which is all about whatever our capital plan is, and part we have too many in the training pipeline, and too many kind of coming out of the training pipeline. That furlough count, which, I think we said was about 1200 at the end of the quarter. You know, depending on what happens with attrition and demand, that will continue to ebb and flow. Right now, it's growing. So we can make the fungible side of headcount, the individuals that are actually working and productive match real-time. It's the mechanism to get qualified trained employees that are taking us a little bit more time to get right.
Lance Fritz: We are adjusting our resources constantly to match both what near-term demand looks like and what we think long-term demand looks like. We'll make those adjustments as the marketplace dictates.
Lance Fritz: Thank you all for your questions and your interest in Union Pacific today. We look forward to talking with you again in October.
Rob Knight: We just understand here recently that some of you have had trouble accessing the slides on our web site. They are back up and running now. So if you have any difficulty, we suggest you log out and log back in, and they should be up and available for you. We apologize for that.
Rob Knight: We're focused on obviously improving earnings as best we can. You're exactly right, we're going to be laser focused on continuing to align the resources and be as efficient as we can on the costs. But what we're calling out in my comment to suggesting that it's not likely that we will beat last year's record earnings is the reality of what we're seeing in the business mix, particularly the coal volumes. We're not calling for any dramatic turnaround in our coal volumes. As Eric pointed out, while we are seeing some sequential improvement as we speak right now, we are anticipating that that will be a challenge. The other thing I would just point out Chris in the way you're looking at it, is recall last year actually is a very tough comp for the fourth quarter in particular. So we've got that headwind, if you will, in terms of getting back above that level. So we're focused on taking advantage of every opportunity we can, but we just see some continuing softness in some of our key markets, and that's going to be the key driver.
Rob Knight: If what you just outlined, Allison, came true, those would certainly be positive contributors to the mix. As you know, I don't give guidance on mix. It's rare that we do. This year is unique in that we are confident that the mix head winds are in front of us. So we're giving that directional guidance. I would just remind everyone that, because of the great diversity of our business mix, which is a strong attribute of the Union Pacific franchise, we tend to have a lot of mix swings in our business from quarter to quarter. So the points that you are making would certainly contribute. Would they be enough to overcome some of the other head winds like the coal, the shale, the sand, et cetera? Perhaps not, but every opportunity we have to, you know, narrow the gap, if you will, and improve on the mix, we'll certainly take advantage of it.
Rob Knight: Yes, Allison, just to rephrase that, remember we said it was up to about - call that $100 million in the first quarter. It was closer to just under a point in the second quarter. From a dollar standpoint, we'll call that a $50 million improvement, from first to second quarter in those efficiencies. Again, we're focused on continuing aggressively to remove those efficiencies as quickly as we can.
Rob Knight: Scott, you know the guidance we've given in terms of the metrics that we're comfortable with. To your point on the share buyback, if you look at the first half of this year compared to last year's first half, we're up about 10% in terms of our share buyback, and we will continue to be opportunistic, and at the prices that we're seeing right now, we think those are nice entry points. So we will - we are certainly, as we always have, buy more when it's down, less when it's up. Your longer term question, I think is answered in our comfort with our longer term metrics that we've given.
Rob Knight: Yes. There's a lot of moving parts, as you point out. Fuel being a big one, in terms of the impact that that has on the operating ratio itself. But our focus would be that that is an opportunity still for to us make year-over-year improvement. The way things look at this point in time, fuel would probably help in that regard unless it dramatically changes and spikes up. We are focused on, for all of the efficiencies that we plan on taking, the continued focus on price, the diverse opportunities that still will present themselves. We are focused on still improving the operating ratio year-over-year.
Rob Knight: I think it's just too hard to call, David, to be honest. It would be rolled up in those inefficiencies that I called out.
Rob Knight: I would just reiterate what we said earlier. And that is, we expect them to be down somewhat in the back half. We're not giving quarterly guidance on the volume, but the thing I would just point out is that I'd like to think that the sequential improvement that we're starting to see that Eric pointed out in coal will help in that third quarter year-over-year look. Then the fourth quarter is a little more of a challenge for us. So we're not calling it. But we're certainly focused and hopeful that things from a year-over-year perspective don't look like a 6% down kind of number, but we're not giving precise guidance on that.
Rob Knight: This probably won't shock you, but you're going to stump me in terms of trying to get into individual expense categories. But I would just say that all of the categories are stones that we are uncovering and looking for opportunities. Labor, of course, shows up across the board, and that I would say, as a large position, is what we're really focused on. That might show up of course in multiple expense categories. As I pointed out, remember we took the $100 million of inefficiency or misalignment in the first quarter down to let's call it $50 million-ish in the second quarter, and we're focused on going after that $50 million, and then some. Our focus is to not just stop there, but continue to achieve as efficient of operations as we possibly can, matching against demand. So long answer to your short question, but would I say it's across the board that we are going to expect ourselves to make improvements.
Rob Knight: Let me try to answer that simply by saying they're all contributors, and they're all challenges that we deal with in our delay daily lives. But I would say, if you look at the second quarter, the biggest hit, if you would, would start with volume driven by coal. Second on the list is the mix impact, which obviously is impacted by the coal fall-off as well. But the mix impact of changing within our business mix, the sand, etcetera; the grains, etcetera, those would be the big drivers.
Rob Knight: I would reiterate what you just said. First of all, we're not calling for the death of coal as a business unit for us. We're experiencing a bit of a hiccup here. But I would say first of all, obviously that size of a business is a positive contributor to our OR. As it shrinks or any business shrinks, we have, as we've talked and as you know, we have a lot of diverse opportunities in front of us that give us a lot of confidence. That's what keeps us as confident as ever that we could still meet our long-term OR guidance. If we were to see it take a step down, any business unit take a step down, we would have to do the things that we have done over the last decade. That is right size our organization and make sure we are being smart about adjusting our costs accordingly so that we can continue to make progress on our financial results.
Rob Knight: Specifically to the legacy question, I would say that was comparable to what we saw in the first quarter, where we said about a half point of the four was legacy, roughly. But you are also pointing out, and again, I'm as confident as Lance and Eric, and pleased with that performance. I think it shows that we're getting value in the marketplace. As you are also pointing out, and just to reiterate for others, the way we calculate our core price is if it doesn't move, we don't count it. We're hopeful that if and when coal resumes, some of the volume pick up, that some of those repriced contracts will be positive contributors to our margins as we move forward.
Rob Knight: I really can't give you that size. And there's a big mix even within the coal line. I'm not giving that level of specificity, but suffice it to say there was some value left there by not moving it.
Rob Knight: There's a lot of moving parts. I would answer that by saying we're focused on making that statement true. Of course we're going to go after, and we are making progress as we pointed out, the inefficiency misalignment, but what we'll have to wait and see is exactly how the volumes play out, and all those variables and what fuel does, et cetera. But, I'd like to believe that that statement will become true.
Rob Knight: I would also say, Tom, and mix - mix within each commodity group can also show up in there. There was no other marquee driver of that change.
Rob Knight: This is Rob. As you know, the long-term guidance that we've given on our capital spending is in that 16% to 17% of revenue, and we're not calling for the fall off or significant further declination in coal. But, if it did, we would - as we always do with our costs, we would right size. I would also just point out, your question reminds me that, given what we're seeing this year, we expect that metric of capital spending versus revenue to be a little bit higher this year, given what we're seeing in this fall off. But if you look longer term, we would right size the organization both from an OE and from a capital standpoint. But, that's not the guidance I'm giving, because that's not where we are at this point in time. But we would take those steps.
Rob Knight: You know we don't break it out by individual commodity group, but as Eric and the team - they are laser focused on improving the profitability in the intermodal group, as they are across the board. We're going to continue to do that.
Rob Knight: I would say that it's a little bit in the second quarter. I'm not calling out or guiding that you are going to see anything lumpy in our numbers. I would say there was a little bit of an impact that showed up actually in our second quarter.
Rob Knight: Yes, we always look at - each quarter, we look at what is the performance? So we'll stay tuned in terms of what impact that has in the back half. I don't envision it being lumpy, as you are citing.
Rob Knight: This is Rob. Let me reiterate that we don't break it out, what pricing we're actually getting within each commodity group. But I would just point out that, to your point on the impact that fuel might have had, we have some 60-plus different fuel surcharge mechanisms. So they do vary from group to group, and the timing of those can be different, and can impact from quarter to quarter what the recorded ARC number looks at. Again, our overall pricing success was 4% core price. We're confident that we're doing all of the right things in all of the commodity groups to improve that.
Rob Knight: This is Rob. Let me jump in. If Cam wants to add, he certainly can. Keith, I'm not going to break that out, but I would just say that, of course, when we get a new locomotive and we have an opportunity to put another locomotive in storage, or just through efficient operations we have an opportunity to put a unit in storage, we're putting the least efficient of the fleet in. We're always looking at - are there opportunities? For the most part, those go into our storage, and they are there, available for surge. Where there are opportunities for us to discontinue an existing lease or something, we'll do that, but that's not a big driver at this point in time. I think it's safe to assume that, as we free up a locomotive, it's going to be our least efficient from a fuel standpoint, from a maintenance standpoint, and from a DPU standpoint, that goes into that surge category.
Eric Butler: It all depends, Chris, as we always say, depending on weather. Inventory levels are still higher than the 5-year average. They have come down about three or four days. The burn is increasing, but they are still higher. The volumes will depend on whether; it will depend a lot on natural gas pricing. At current natural gas levels, it remains a difficult comparison for coal to remain coal. It's about a 30%, 32% market share today, versus the 39%, 40% last year. A big change in that is natural gas pricing.
Eric Butler: As we mentioned at last quarter, Scott, we do think we came into this year a different place than our western competitor in terms of inventory levels of our key customer utilities, and we do think that that has had an impact. We also think, as we mentioned in our comments, that some of the flooding and track outages that we experienced particularly in June, had an impact that you probably won't see in the numbers of our western competitor. One of the other impacts that we have seen is that there are probably a couple of specific customers that have had outages, that have had challenges in their energy markets in terms of them competing that are probably disproportionately impacting us than our competitor. We think over time, that kind of works its way out. Certainly in the second quarter it had an impact. We always compete for business. We think we have a market value. We are continuing to focus on the strong price in terms of the second part of your question. You know, we feel good about the market value, and the price for our services, and that is reflected in our results in the second quarter.
Eric Butler: Ken, we always say we have a tough competitor. They always have been. Always will be. Not only is the Burlington a tough competitor, but we compete with other railroads and other markets. We also compete with trucks. Trucks are also a tough competitor, and lower fuel prices are helping them. That being said, we feel good about our value proposition we're continuing to focus on the strategies and initiatives to improve our value proposition. It's our goal to have the best service and value proposition in the industry. If we do that, we think we'll be able to price appropriately for our value.
Eric Butler: The outlook right now is that the yields look strong. Still relatively early in the growing season, so anything could happen from a weather standpoint. Right now, the projections are, while it may not be a record crop like the last two years, it still will be a pretty strong corn and bean crop. As you suggest, storage of crops are relatively high because US grain has not been able to compete as effectively, because there have been strong world grain crops and the strong US dollar. So there is a speculation that says if it is a strong crop, there will have to have the current products or the crop move, and so that would be a positive for us in the second half of the year. You know, there's always uncertainty in our markets, but that is one of the scenarios that could be positive for the transportation system.
Eric Butler: As Rob said there's a lot of ins and outs in terms of mix, and we actually have had ins and outs in terms of mix across the business line. Coal certainly is a negative mix item, as you might imagine, but we have grown our intermodal business, which is a longer haul, so that would be positive. There's always lots of ins and outs.
Eric Butler: Frac sand is right around the average length of haul for industrial products. Certainly the fall off from that has had a revenue mix impact, as Rob talked about.
Eric Butler: That's right. I'm not sure there's much to add, but the economy feels pretty good. Most of the macroeconomic indicators are going in the right direction. You know them as well as I do, and we're seeing that in our business. The issue we have is a significant shortfall on coal driven by natural gas, mild weather, and some episodic issues with some large customers of ours. And, frankly, the falloff in our share-related business. But aside from that, the economic indicators and the economy - customers are feeling pretty good. Trend's already up the correct direction.
Eric Butler: In terms of the specific question, we don't think that the - while we applaud the ruling, we don't think it's going to have a significant impact. Either entities were already planning for it and/or they might still plan for it just because they don't know what might happen on the inevitable appeal that will occur. Or it wasn't going to have a significant issue anyway. So the fact that it was remanded, I don't think is going to have a significant impact one way or the other.
Eric Butler: I don't think so. You know, certainly as you know, when you have strong currency moves one way or the other, it could affect commodity flows. We see that in all of our commodity markets. But long term, North America is still kind of a strong, productive, secure, relatively low cost place of production. It's also a huge consumption market. Those things will continue to drive us being in the sweet spot for our transportation services, whether it's export or import. Long term, it doesn't move the needle.
Eric Butler: Rob can talk about the legacy impact. But, we are doing what we said. We have a value product, and we're pricing for it.
Eric Butler: Jason, in terms of the first question, clearly lower fuel prices will incrementally, nominally make truckers more competitive, and clearly as the shale play has gone down, there appears to be what we think is a temporary alleviation with some of the driver shortages or a temporary reduction, I should say. There still are long-term driver shortages out there, but some of the move of labor from that to truck drivers has alleviated some of the shortage. So trucks continue to be a competitive option. I would point out in the second quarter, we set, again, another all-time domestic intermodal record. Our volumes set another record. We continue to see huge conversion opportunities, and we think as we have the service, value proposition, we'll continue to be able to penetrate and take advantage of that. In terms of the west coast port, clearly that had an impact. Certainly in the first quarter and the second quarter, as some of the backlogs were cleaned up, that had a positive impact. But as we said, we had a tough comp year-over-year because of the free shipping that occurred the previous year. I think one of the things that are instructive is kind of the spread rates, the ocean spread rates between east coast and west coast. The east coast ocean rates have actually increased about $250 on a spot basis over the last couple of months, which basically is making the west coast ports even more competitive than what they were before the strikes. So we think that there's some risk that there might be some nominal temporary rerouting as a supply chain risk management approach. I think there's some surveys out there that says companies might move 5% of the supply chain, risk management. We're not really seeing that, and we still think the west coast ports have an economic and a time value for product going pretty deep into the east.
Eric Butler: There's no impact from coal plant retirements. There's still significant surplus capacity. Both coal and other sources. So there was no impact on the retirement. We do not expect significant incremental switching. I think all of that can switch is switching, given current natural gas pricing.
Eric Butler: As for all of our businesses in the second quarter, the ARC was really dominated by the fuel surcharge reduction.
Eric Butler: That is one of our franchise corridors, as you know. It has been. We've invested in that corridor over time. We are growing, and will continue to grow. The temporary flooding that is happening out there because of the rains - As you know, trucks always have lots of ways to reroute. So there would be no significant incremental impact due to that. That is an area and a market that we're going after with our franchise. We have and we'll continue.
Eric Butler: No customer ever wants to take a price increase. They are always very tough discussions. We are taking market price increases across our book of business, every segment of our business, based on our value proposition. And we're going to continue to do that.
Eric Butler: I would say, our goal was to be the best. So, we're clearly not satisfied with where our service is, and we're going to focus where Cam and his team, my team, we're working on. How do we improve the overall customer experience? And it's an intense focus, and I think as we go into the future, our goal is continuous improvement to improve what we take to the market.
Eric Butler: Matt, as you say it is a wide continuum. There are probably utilities that Coal looks favorable as low as $3, some $3.50, some $4. It is a wide continuum.
Eric Butler: As we said before, the big factors for coal, again, will be the cost of natural gas and weather. Today, there is surplus capacity on coal; there's surplus capacity on natural gas, today. The capacity isn't really as much as a driver as it is the point at which one dispatches versus another. It's different for different utilities. Again, I think $3 to $4 depending on utilities is probably the range that most utilities see today.
Eric Butler: Yes, so I don't have it, in terms of the overall construction number. If you want to just split out lumber, historically, lumber was two-thirds, one-third. Right now, it's probably closer to half to half. But again, housing starts are improving sequentially. The housing start number for June just came up that was significantly improved, I think 10% improved over the previous month. There's still more multi-family than single family, but the split here recently has probably been more 60%-40% versus 65%-35% or 55%-45%.
Eric Butler: As I said in my prepared comments, the majority of that was in our rock and our cement, most of which goes on the commercial side. That was really weather-related. The demand is really, really strong. We're seeing that sequentially here, even in the recent weeks. The second quarter there were some heavy rains that impacted the volumes that we saw.
Eric Butler: Yes, so it's always a concern. It's in our franchise interest to have the proportion of business go through the west coast. So that's always something we look at. At the end of the day, we do believe economics win out, and today and we believe in the future, unless there's some substantial change, a difference between east coast, west coast. Today, the west coast option is the economically better option to go deep into the east. We've historically said that the Appalachian mountain chain was a crossover point. Things west of that, typically it's clear. The west coast is a better economic option. Things east of that, the east coast is a better competitor. You know, we'll always look at that. We do not believe anything substantial or significant has changed economically from the historical equation. There may be some minor adjustments for supply chain risk management issues in the short term, but we're not seeing anything significant or sustainable.
Eric Butler: I'm not sure I would connect the two. The domestic market is where we have been growing. I mean, if you look at it, the international market has been - has had a much smaller slope. The domestic market shares huge truck conversion. You're still going to have a huge investment needed for highways. You can talk about we're not really investing in the highway trust fund. You can talk to getting agreement. You can talk about the driver shortages. You can talk about the economic and the environmental benefit of intermodal versus over-the-road trucks. It's a story that we've been talking about for the last half dozen years. We still think that there's a growth opportunity story, there, on the domestic intermodal side. Again, the second quarter was an all-time record for us on the domestic intermodal side. We think that on a volume basis, we think that there is still opportunities.
Eric Butler: We've talked in the past, and continue to talk about the huge plastic expansion that we're going to see in this country with the low natural gas prices. We think that you are going to see it even with natural gas going up to as much as $5 - $4.50, $5, we think that's still the sweet spot for the expansion that's happening in the Gulf. We have a great franchise. It's a franchise strength of ours to take advantage of it. There's billion, multi-billion dollars of investments going on. And, I think we've said publicly that we think we'll see the benefit of a lot of that starting in 2017 and 2018. But we think that is a franchise strength of ours.
Cameron Scott: I think you covered it all, Lance. Our focus continues to be on the southern region with a lot of our capacity CapEx. That's being driven by Eric's forecast.
Cameron Scott: Our first OS - that's our on-time origin departure for intermodal product, continues to increase. We're not quite back to 2013 or 2012 levels, but we're making very good progress. Particularly in Los Angeles and in Chicago. Over the road performance, we're still looking, as you can tell by our AAR velocity metric. We're still looking for a mile an hour. We're properly resourced, we've got great initiatives to go find that mile an hour and deliver it. We just don't have a stake in the ground as to when that will be achieved. We expect to make that improvement throughout the course of the year.
Cameron Scott: I think you answered that perfectly. There is great flexibility, to answer your second question, on flexing appropriate resources to the network as required. So no issue, there.
Cameron Scott: There's an aggregate benefit, that the fewer locomotives we have active in the fleet, the less maintenance we have to do, in aggregate.
