Lance Fritz: Good morning, everybody and welcome to Union Pacific's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Cameron Scott, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.2 billion, or $1.30 per share for the first quarter of 2015. This is a 9% increase in earnings per share compared to the first quarter of 2014. Solid core pricing gains in the quarter were partially offset by a sharp drop in volume. While we took actions during the quarter to adjust for the volume decline, we did not run an efficient operation. Total first quarter volumes were down 2%, with particular softness in coal, industrial products and intermodal. Throughout last year, we worked to add the people, locomotives and capacity needed to meet a dramatic increase in demand. By the end of 2014, we had seen full-year volume growth of 7% and we were fully resourced to meet this demand. Over the last few months, however, volume has shifted negative. As a result, our operation is in catch-up mode and not as efficient as it should be. Managing a network is a constant balancing act to ensure you have the right resources in the right place at the right time. This balancing act becomes more difficult during significant volume swings. We're taking the steps to align our resources with current demand, while remaining agile in an ever-changing environment. We remain committed to safely providing excellent service for our customers while improving that service and our financial performance. With that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
Lance Fritz: Thanks, Rob. As you've heard from the team, we've had some challenges to start off the year; but we're taking the steps needed to work through those challenges and realize the opportunities we see ahead. As Eric mentioned, weakness in our coal and shale-related markets could persist for some time; but we continue to see gradual improvement in the underlying economy, which should be a positive for other parts of our business. When you consider other wild cards, from the next grain harvest to the strength of the U.S. dollar, it all adds up to a dynamic environment. That's the nature of our business. Our goal is to provide our customers with excellent service wherever the need arises. We expect to see solid improvement in network performance and cost efficiency over the coming months. As we leverage the strengths of our diverse franchise, we continue to be intently focused on safety, service and shareholder returns. Now let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yes so a lot of things can change that or drive that, as you know, particularly, coal prices. We look at the outlook right now. We see a mid- teens kind of a range. We see our business to look more like '13 volumes than '14 volumes.
Lance Fritz: David, just to [indiscernible] question, we have been consistent and clear that when we're pricing in the marketplace we're pricing for our value proposition. Whatever either Eric or Rob want to comment on, it's in that context, our pricing in the marketplace is our volume.
Lance Fritz: I want to say, David, long-term view is pricing above in place in. Not necessarily core pricing [indiscernible] to inflation and we expect higher labor inflation. Overall, for the year, expect overall company inflation to be in the 3%, 4% range. That gives you a guiding light in spite of the challenges we know we're going to face on the labor line. Overall, companywide we think about 3% copper% rate for the year.
Lance Fritz: I will let Rob answer that in a little more in detail but, the thing that we think about is the beauty of our franchise, the strength of our franchise and all of the opportunity that it represents. We've have got a diverse book of business and over time we have seen that there are always areas where we can develop more business and grow. And so we feel still quite bullish about in the long term being able to grow based on this great franchise.
Lance Fritz: Yes and, Cameron, why don't you walk us through a little bit about the activities that are underway to get these things right-size and get your--
Lance Fritz: Sure, Brandon and you're exactly right. We're not going to speak specifically about what to expect from the year from percentage perspective. I think you've got the tone pretty well right. When I look at the first quarter, I am proud of the hard work that the team did in terms of trying to get the cost suggested to the volume reality. I'm disappointed that we couldn't have done better because we, here at the table, see the opportunity of what the franchise really has the ability to deliver. Having said that, I am confident as I look forward that are operating team and all of the teams are focused on doing the right thing. As we look forward, we're adjusting to current volumes at the same time as we're trying to determine what this peak season and looked like and what the growth rate look like from here. I will tell you, there is no change in my confidence both this year and over the long run of being able to generate out of this wonderful business, this beautiful franchise, the kind of financial performance and return generation that you have seen historically. As we have said before, it gets more difficult from 65% or 64%, 63% operating ratio, but we remain absolutely confident it's there, we will realize it and continue to realize it.
Lance Fritz: Chris, we don't specifically address what our budgets are forecast coming into the year. What I will say is the big change is actual growth and then actual decline. The biggest change there was coal which was somewhat surprising in terms of how weak it turned out quickly. Of course we had difficulty with the West coast ports and labor dispute. We have pretty good visibility to that. Looking forward, Eric, why don't you talk to us about what your markets look like as you look into the future.
Lance Fritz: The mid- single-digit assumes a continued profile with Colorado Utah Copper to get her to come because we're not expecting export markets to pick up significantly this year.
Lance Fritz: They are independent. I was just calling out folks understood there were two differ payments in the quarter. I would not make any correlation to that on my share buyback pace.
Lance Fritz: Current discussions have not changed our position on industry consolidation. We're not in favor of it. We don't think it is the right thing to do at this time.
Lance Fritz: The grain exports really were driven by milo and soybeans. We had a great soybean crop in and China is really pulling those into China and spreads between Gulf Coast, West Coast have narrowed in terms of ship spread. That really is driving milo and beans from central part of U.S. into China which was a positive for us. We're still seeing headwinds from the strong dollar in exports across, probably, a pretty good chunk of the economy. When you think about steel, steals being impacted, both with imports come particularly, from Asia coming into the country and domestic steel producers are struggling is also being impacted in terms of machinery exports, construction and farm machinery exports, headwinds because of strong dollar. On the weak side, we're seeing some difficulty in the U.S. wheat crop competing in export markets partially being to the strong dollar. The strong dollar is, as you would expect, impact the exports are pretty wide swath of the economy beyond just coal and it is helping imports. You should see our intermodal import business and other import business strengthen as you go throughout the year but the strong dollar is having an impact.
Lance Fritz: If I could predict energy markets, I would probably be sitting in a different spot than today. There is a lot of conventional wisdom out there and I think the conventional wisdom was that you needed to be in the 70s for the U.S. shale markets to be strong. I think even if you look today with oil in the 50s, there is some shale but it's still going pretty strong. Permian shale is still doing relatively well. The Eagle Ford shale is not. I think there is a spread there, again, conventional wisdom on natural gas is somewhere in the three, 3.5, 350 is probably in the crossover range but, again, depends on a pot of different things like utility by region of the country.
Lance Fritz: I think, historically, we have set between 5% and 2%. We still think that's a good estimate. Housing starts were down in February and March. I think the housing start number comes out today or tomorrow. I think there is some expectation that weather has impacted the number being down the last couple of months and the existing home sales number was very strong, as you say. Again, we tend to factor that into our optimism about the underlying strength of the economy.
Lance Fritz: I'm not going to break it out at this point as you are asking, Tom, but I would say mix is something we deal with. From a cost standpoint that just presents challenges and opportunities depending what the volume actually is for the operating team and Cameron's all over it improving the cost structure. In terms of the top-line, the pricing line or the impact on revenue, again, it will depend out which markets are stronger than others. We do anticipate as I called out there will be a headwind for the balance of the year. A simple explanation for why there is ahead hit headwind of it in our revenue line is we think there will be stronger growth and a lot of his recovery with intermodal we just talked about and soft as a goal and frac markets those are the negative drivers on that, if you will cap next headwind we anticipate. We're calling that out directionally as a challenge but we're not using that as an excuse not to continue to run as efficient operational the cost side as we possibly can.
Lance Fritz: Yes, I guess I'm not white understanding the foundation of your question. I think actually truck pricing is increasing. If you look at most of the truck pricing indexes, because of the challenges that the truck industry is having, they are getting high single-digit type price increases. So I think would suggest instead of the gap narrowing it might even be expanding rather than staying the same.
Lance Fritz: I think the things that can switch probably have switched. As natural gas goes lower, there might be some incremental impact you would expect there would be. But I think we have seen mostly--
Lance Fritz: I will start with a path forward. Cameron had mentioned, we believe that, virtually, everyone involved understand there has to be an extension because the industry is not going to make the date. That extension is going to have to come through Congress. There are a number of different vehicles that could make that happen and we're monitoring all of those potentials. And giving feedback and input into our thoughts to help navigate that process. From the perspective of having an extension occur, I remain confident that that will happen. It just reflects the reality of the situation. From the perspective of what if we don't get an extension? There are penalties outlined in the current regulation, current law and we've been discussing what our actions would be should an extension not occur. That would be a horrible outcome for the industry. And I don't believe that's the way it's going to go but we will be prepared for that very, very, remote possibility, as the year comes to a close.
Lance Fritz: You are right, there is going to be a challenge and basically the challenges because the new alliances, as they bring their business together, they bring it all to one terminal and then overwhelms the capacity of that individual terminal on the port vis-a-vis being spread out between multiple terminals. So that is a challenge. The alliances are working through that the challenge of terminals are working through. There was a challenge was starting to be seen before even the ports slow down. We from outside are working with our customers developing planning practices and protocols in capacity management protocols that we're sharing with them to basically say, here is the capacity within this window that we can do into the extent that there is a larger than that flood because of alliance activity through the terminal, what do you need to do to correct that? So we did see it in the past. We will see it in the future. We're working with them to spread that out.
Lance Fritz: Let me jump in just on the very long-term and, Rob mentioned this early on in a comment about our franchise because we do serve all six rail gateways to Mexico and because of Mexico's opening up of some of their core industries, as well as the significant foreign direct investment from the very long-term perspective, we feel very, very good about our business and growth with Mexico.
Lance Fritz: Not necessarily. With that question actually has been in fact what we have experienced with last decade, our volumes in and out of Mexico have grown at a slightly faster pace than the overall enterprise volumes. And I would not try to draw conclusion in terms of margin -- those moves.
Lance Fritz: It can be, again, I would say overall scheme of things, it's no different than are overall enterprise mix.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. So you heard us talk about today was our first quarter where we came into the year, volumes changed on us dramatically and we've spent the quarter aggressively trying to write-size and just fell short of that mark. As we look forward into the second quarter, we're looking forward to continue that work and improve our service product and our efficiencies and we’re confident that’s going to happen. And we look forward to talking to you about it the next time we get together. Thank you.
Eric Butler: Yes. As you know, Tom, a lot of factors go into play, as there was a relatively mild winter, a narrow serving territory of our utilities. The heating days were down 5% to 10% versus last year. We're assuming more normal weather patterns for the balance of the year. That clearly is a factor. The other factor, as you know, is this is typically the shelf months. We see this every year where you don't really have heating or cooling during the spring. Again, we're assuming we're going to get back to normal, seasonal weather patterns. As we mentioned, natural gas prices -- what happens with that will have an impact. A lot of factors, but that's our best assessment at this time.
Eric Butler: I would add to that list them. We're always focused on improving the margins. As Lance pointed out, we're focused on continually spruce bit on the cause the balancing the network. We will have challenges as I pointed out of the mix yet we anticipate taking hold in second quarter and beyond. Even with all of that activity, we're always going to be focused on improving are margins of where we're today.
Eric Butler: As you know chemicals business improved by rail was actually pretty good on the first quarter. We were up one percentage, two percentage points in the first quarter net accrued by rail. We think that is a precursor to the economy. Plastics business really ties pretty closely to construction and automotive and all of those and even on consumer side and retail side of house call plastics business was up in first quarter as we mentioned. We think that all of those trends indicate the strengthening North American economy. As Rob said earlier, we had some headwinds and coal, some headwinds we shale stuff that if you net that out, we feel pretty good about some of the underlying strength of the economy.
Eric Butler: John, just a little more detail. Clearly, we like to see oil prices back in the 75 cross-trained. Clearly, that would be better for us.
Eric Butler: So international intermodal volume was down to the low teens in the first quarter. Again, we expect that as you catch-up throughout the year that that will normalize and most of that will catch-up. We do not expect to see any permanent deterioration of our West Coast international intermodal business.
Eric Butler: We're getting a good market waste pricing across our business. As we said before, a certain percentage of our business has been fixed on multi-year, longer-term contracts and you can't touch them. We talked about that before but for the things that we're able to reprice, the demand is strong. The impacts in terms of the challenges of the trucking industry is having are in our favor and we see strong opportunities to price out value across our book of business.
Eric Butler: Pricing is always difficult no matter when you do it. I would guess most of the international intermodal business would not be in spot pricing type of agreements.
Eric Butler: We don't talk about individual contracts. I don't think we mentioned that last year. We don't talk about individual contracts.
Eric Butler: The drought in California, as you know, the authorities right now in California are trying to insulate the Ag industry and really are putting the onus for water conservation on residential customers. Politically, how long that can sustain with the Ag industry being insulated is anybody's guess. I do think that if you look at the Ag industry in California, you kind of profile who uses the most water to the least water, I think our customer base will probably be in the using the least water category. So we feel pretty good that the drought will not have near-term material impacts on our food and refrigerated business. We feel pretty good about that. Short of some Armageddon type of scenario. In terms of the export question, yes. So Ag products, particularly refrigerated products do go export off West Coast ports and they were similarly impacted just like the imports were impacted so just like things couldn’t get on, things couldn't get off and they similarly had impacts fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year.
Eric Butler: Comments on that, Matt, if you recall last time natural gas prices got to historically low levels. We really in our territory didn’t see materials switching until it got sub $2. That doesn't necessarily predict the future but what we're seeing though and I think the bigger impact to date rather than our utility based switching from one source to another, they are able to buy electricity off the grid that is being produced by somebody else, perhaps, from gas. So we’re seeing that impact as opposed to a pure switch, turning off the coal plant and turning on the gas plant in our territory.
Eric Butler: Yes currently East Coast has about 31. Historically, we’ve said that could go to 33 with the Panama Canal opening but as Lance said, the larger ships that are being built today really won't even be able to go through the expanded Panama Canal. There is a value proposition for the West Coast. If you look at ship spread in terms of the West Coast versus East Coast and if you look at the cost of over land, bridge, rail, transportation, there is a natural economic driver to the West Coast.
Eric Butler: We can't speak to their business, naturally. We kind of describe the dynamics we saw in our business, it would not surprise me if they had a much greater opportunity for inventory replenishment for their customers in the first quarter than we had, simply because we had more deliveries last year.
Eric Butler: I'm not quite sure where does what you are asking but it would be basically be similar to what we kind of said before.
Eric Butler: I think our frac sand volumes based on current activity will probably be more similar to 2013 volumes than 2014 volumes.
Eric Butler: I have nothing more to add with that. Mexico continues to be an upside for us. We have a great franchise and we're optimistic about the outlook.
Rob Knight: Let me clarify that. Of the 4% core pricing reported in first quarter one-half of a point of that. 3.5% to 4%. .5% was attributable to the legacy renewals.
Rob Knight: Lance, I would add your comment caught we know we have some challenges right now but if you look at the UP franchise, it's a fabulous franchise that has great optimism long-term. . inventories are high right now, gas prices are low, energy prices are low which is impacting our frac business. All of those are going to balance out over the long-term. You add-on top of that what's happening in the chemical franchise, the opportunities still in front of us longer-term with the investments being laid in the Gulf. You look at Mexico franchise and we're the only rebel that interchanges at the six border crossing and look at all of the opportunities taking place there. You look at our strong auto franchise. You add it all up. The diversity of our business mix and strength of our franchise caught long-term supervised a stronger optimism which is why we make think longer-term expectation still is volume will be on positive side of the ledger.
Rob Knight: Bill, you are right. Last year we pulled in about $35 million of a deficiency tied too significant weather events, primarily in Chicago area. This year clearly our cost performance in the first quarter is not we would like it to be. If you take fuel off of the table, our costs were about to enter billion dollars up year-over-year. It's a combination of things that we all had talked about this morning. We had some timing issues. We've resourced for unexpected coming into the quarter higher level of volume. We had some mechanical activities that we took on that I would categorize as timing. And then as we pointed out with had inefficiencies in the network. Without putting a splitting hairs in terms of where those dollars are, we think they are all there for us to right-size the network. If you look at what you would have expected if you are running optimally and had you had things timed up a little bit better, you probably had a negative in the quarter of about 122-point in operating ratio. That's how I would look at it.
Rob Knight: As you know, our approach has always then and we'll continue to be opportunistic in the marketplace. We don't have a set number of dollars or shares we will buyback inning in any quarter but I will assure you will continue to be opportunistic as we move forward. The current price is frankly an opportunity for us.
Rob Knight: I would just remind you that it's the same levers that have got us from where we were many years ago to where we're today. While volume is our friend how we don't use it as an excuse. You saw us perform well in years when volume did not play to our benefit. We know we have some challenges here with volumes. We've got challenges with mix as I called out but we're going to continue to be relentlessly focused on cost control and cost management, as Lance and Cameron have outlined. As Eric talked about, pricing's note key driver. We improved by the proposition and marketplace and pricing will continue to be a strong driver of that. To get to are longer-term widens of a 60 plus or minus operating ratio by full-year 2019, it's going to take those same efforts and same focus from the organization that we're going to continue to focus on.
Rob Knight: Yes, I think what Lance said is accurate. The big swing, especially first quarter, we talked about the international intermodal West coast port labor dispute and we think will kind of normalized throughout the year but the big swing factor is coal. As you know, Chris, as you go back really probably four months, oil price outlook for the year was still up in the 90s and is now in the 50s. Of course, that had a swing factor that is impacting broad swaps of the market also.
Rob Knight: Yes let me address the mix comment. As you know, we don't give specific guidance around mix because there's come again , beauty of our franchise is we have a lot of diverse business opportunities. As a result, not common to have a fair amount of mix. We're highlighting that given the change anticipated in both the coal and fracking environment. And continued strength in our intermodal that's likely versus the first quarter, likely to be a bit of a mix headwind as the rest of the year plays out. How precise that will be, we will have to see. I'm not going to give precise guidance around that. In terms of your pricing question on the legacy contributor, as I have always said, you can't straight-line. Don't take what we repriced in past years on legacy and assume that each contract is the same. They are all different. That was what those contracts on a GAAP to market and that's what we took them up too. To your point, broadly, not just on legacy but I would say broadly, the way we look conservative Lee at calculating our prices, you know, the fact that volume was down in some key markets did have a negative impact on the way we continued brute price. I view that as positive as volumes recover we expect to enjoy the improved returns on those business volumes we have been able to reprice.
Rob Knight: We don't break out by commodity in specific surcharge contributed to each individual commodity but there are timing differences by different contracts and we have some 60 plus different mechanisms. There can be and there are timing differences on the intermodal line versus some of the other lines.
Rob Knight: Cleo, the headwind that we would anticipate from the mix going forward is a result of, we expect strong intermodal and softer coal and fracking related activities, as you are calling out. But as always we're going to continue to focus on being as efficient as we can on the cost side. And as Eric has been talking all morning we're going to continue to price to the value proposition. So we're not throwing the towel in terms of the margins but we know we’re going to face the headwind of those mix changes.
Cameron Scott: We still have work to do that we think we can eventually right-size the network in the second quarter. As Rob mentioned, we do think there was some inefficiencies throughout the quarter but the rightsizing of our locomotive fleet, weekly we review opportunities to store additional locomotives and several times a month we're also rightsizing our hiring plans as we look out for the remainder of the year.
Cameron Scott: In 2014, our locomotive surge fleet strategy served us very, very well. When business came on, we are able to match that business. So as we look into this year, redeveloping that search fleet and being agile, as we mentioned, is a very critical asset and very critical initiative for us. We take Eric's forecast and where he predicts business will be and then we make our moves appropriately.
Cameron Scott: Are most important asset in LA basin to stay up against the intermodal businesses is locomotives. And we have spent over the last year developing a model that stays up against Eric forecast of business week-to-week to week. It has been very successful, are originating on-time departures out of the LA basin are in the mid-90s and we feel very confident we can keep it there.
