Lance M. Fritz: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Cameron Scott, the Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of nearly $1 billion for the first quarter of 2016. This equates to $1.16 per share, which compares to $1.30 in the first quarter of 2015. Total volume decreased 8% in the quarter compared to 2015. Carload volume declined in four of our six commodity groups, with coal and industrial products down 34% and 10% respectively. Automotive continued to be a bright spot this quarter, with carloads up 7% versus 2015. Our quarterly operating ratio [OR] came in at 65.1%, up only 0.3 percentage point from the first quarter last year, as solid core pricing and productivity improvements helped offset the significant decrease in total volumes. In this challenging volume environment, we've continued our intense focus on operating safely and efficiently, managing our resources, and improving our customer experience. Our team will give you more of the details, starting with Eric.
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As you've heard from the team, 2016 has brought a continuation of many of the same trends that we experienced throughout most of last year. An energy market recession, low commodity prices, the strength of the U.S. dollar and soft global economy, and muted domestic retail demand have all contributed to overall market weakness across many of our business lines. And it's likely that many of these themes will be with us for some time. That said, we are stronger coming into this year than we were a year ago. We've improved the fluidity of our network, with service metrics at all-time bests. We also achieved a record industry-best employee safety rate, as we work toward our ultimate goal of zero injuries. It's challenging to do business is such an uncertain market, but we will continue to be agile and adapting to new business environments, making our company more productive, more innovative, and ultimately more successful for the long term. We will continue to leverage the strength and diversity of the Union Pacific franchise to drive new business opportunities, to provide an excellent customer experience, and to generate strong long-term value for our shareholders. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance M. Fritz: I also want to add – let's not shorthand, when Rob is talking about Grow to 55 and Zero, productivity isn't just about cutting heads. It's more predominantly about doing things more efficiently, getting more out of our assets, getting more out of a gallon of fuel. And the growth side is equally important, as Eric and his commercial team, in the context of all the headwinds we see on the energy side of the world, growing all the other commodities where we have opportunity, and there's lots of that opportunity.
Lance M. Fritz: The good news on that is, the shale energy producers have done a tremendous job in getting their own cost structures in line and getting productivity as they had experience with this new approach to drilling. And so the strike price for when activity picks up is lower than it was three or four or five years ago, but we're still not at that point.
Lance M. Fritz: And, Justin, taking a step back, when you think about Intermodal, you break out international Intermodal and domestic, we still are quite bullish on domestic Intermodal over the long run. There is still a rich opportunity to take trucks off the highway, and we think we're going to be able to grow that product for the foreseeable future.
Lance M. Fritz: Thanks for the question, Matt. As Rob reminds our investment community all the time, we are constantly reviewing our capital spend in the context of projects that are generating attractive returns, our overall volumes, and where those volumes are moving. If you look at us compared to 10 or 15 years ago in capital, there are a couple of very big moving parts. One is PTC, which...
Lance M. Fritz: ...full year last year was a $300 million or a $390 million number that didn't exist at that time. Another big moving part can be locomotives. We're in the market for locomotives more in the past few years than we were 10 or 15 years ago. And the third big moving part is in maintenance capital. I recall back in those days, we were spending in the neighborhood of maybe $1.2 billion, and in these days we're spending more like a $1.8 billion number. And for that, we have a much more robust network that's operating at very high levels. Having said all that, as we look forward, our capital spend will depend on the first three things I mentioned. First and foremost, what's the outlook for volume, what's that environment look like, where is that volume showing up, and what are the projects that we have in front of us that generate attractive returns? In my mind's eye, you're still going to see us spend down in our Southern tier of our network. That's still an area where we would like to continue to enhance our capacity. And you'll still continue to see us invest at a fairly robust level for maintaining the railroad, although that also ebbs and flows with how much we're consuming in GPMs.
Lance M. Fritz: So as you just lined up, volume is our friend. We're looking forward to the point where we're growing on the top line because it does make it easier to drop that to the bottom line. Having said that, in the place we are right now, we're in the process of getting our overall structure to match where our markets are today. And then from that point moving forward, we'll continue to be aggressive on our productivity, on our efficiency, on our business development, and generally that model is very attractive when we grow.
Lance M. Fritz: Let me take a stab at that, Ravi. So the way we think about coal is it's facing a large number of headwinds right now: low natural gas prices as an alternative; pretty significant inventory overhang on piles right now; and a weak electricity generating market, some driven by weather. So as those headwinds persist, coal is going to continue to have some difficulty. We're going to have to chew up some of this excess inventory before we see coal demand really strengthen. What it might look like two, three, four, five years from now, we still think it's a pretty important part of the overall electricity generating base the United States. It's not going back, we don't think, to where it was four or five years ago. And you can make an argument either way, that it strengthens a bit or that it might decline a bit. Our best guess is we're probably in the relative sphere where it's going operate other than the really significant headwinds that we're facing in this particular timeframe.
Lance M. Fritz: I think if you're asking specific to the floods, we did a great job of making sure our customers had alternatives and satisfying their needs and keeping them well informed. If you're asking in terms of the overall operating environment...
Lance M. Fritz: ...we are in a competitive environment. We compete every day for every piece of business that we enjoy. And we compete on the basis of providing our customers the best experience they're going to get in the marketplace, and everything we do every day is oriented towards making that happen.
Lance M. Fritz: John, we can do it for as long as is necessary. We've demonstrated that we understand how to use attrition as our friend, how to use initiatives like Grow to 55 and Zero. We know how to get our cost structure right. We're in the middle of doing that and we're going to continue to do it. My expectation is that we don't have to do that forever because I do expect us at some point to start growing the top line. We're in a unique environment right now with a lot of headwinds. Some of those headwinds represent structural shift, like in coal, where a portion of that book of business is probably permanently reduced. But in the big scheme of things, at some point those headwinds abate, we start growing again. And even in that environment, we're still focused on making sure that we have the structure right, that we have our costs right, and that we're constantly looking for efficiency.
Lance M. Fritz: I'll let Rob talk about the fuel headwind. From the standpoint of operating ratio, we wouldn't be reaffirming it and talking about it if we didn't have confidence and faith in achieving it. We believe that given any reasonable outlook, we are going to improve our operating ratio this year.
Lance M. Fritz: No, it is reasonable to expect us to continue to be able to be effective at adjusting our cost structure, even in the face of further volume declines. Now we're not saying we anticipate things get worse from where they are right now. But if they were to, we have the ability to continue to adjust our cost structure. We've demonstrated, to this point, there are still levers to be pulled. We'd much prefer to grow, but we will pull those levers as we need to.
Lance M. Fritz: From my perspective, there are ample opportunities to be more efficient everywhere I look on the railroad. We will continue to be able to generate productivity from that perspective. And as we have to take larger chunks of cost out, we'll continue to evaluate that and do that effectively as well.
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you very much and thank you for your questions and interest in Union Pacific today. We look forward to talking to you again in July.
Cameron A. Scott: Thanks, Eric, and good morning. Starting with our safety performance, our first quarter reportable personal injury rate improved 12% versus 2015 to a record low of 0.75 [incidents per 200,000 employee-hours]. These results continue to validate the effectiveness of our comprehensive strategy in finding and addressing risk in the workplace. With respect to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our first quarter reportable rate of 3.23 [incidents per 1 million train miles] increased slightly versus last year. However, enhanced TE&Y [Train, Engine & Yard] training and continued infrastructure investment helped reduce the absolute number of incidents, including those that do not meet the reportable threshold, to a record low. In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate increased to 2.37 [accidents per 1 million train miles], as we took a step backward from last year's solid performance. However, we are confident that our focus on reinforcing public awareness through community partnerships and public safety campaigns will drive improvement in the future. In summary for overall safety, the team has carried forward the momentum from last year's record results as we progress towards an incident-free environment. In addition to safety, we have continued to make significant incremental progress in our operating metrics. As reported to the AAR [American Association of Railroads], velocity and terminal dwell improved 11% and 7% respectively when compared to the first quarter of 2015. In fact, our first quarter velocity of 27.3 miles per hour was the best ever at the level of volume handled during the quarter. We were able to generate this solid performance even in the face of March flooding events that impacted operations on several key routes in the southern region of our network. To minimize delays and disruptions for our customers, we temporarily utilized a portion of our surge locomotive fleet and recalled TE&Y crews, mostly from alternative work status, as our employees worked around the clock to restore operations. Moving on to resources, driven by the decline in volume and improved network fluidity, our total TE&Y workforce was down 22% in the first quarter versus the same period in 2015. Almost half of this decrease was driven by fewer employees in the training pipeline. In lieu of hiring new employees, we have recalled some furloughed employees to backfill attrition where needed. As a result, the number of TE&Y employees either furloughed or in alternative work status has declined slightly from 3,900 [employees] at the beginning of the year. Our active locomotive fleet was down 15% from the first quarter of 2015. In addition, we also continue to adjust other aspects of our business to lower demand. At the end of the first quarter, we had around 600 total engineering and mechanical employees on furlough as well. While balancing our resources continues to be a key focus, we also continue to realize efficiency gains through many other productivity initiatives. One primary area where we continue to make progress is in train length. While we were unable to overcome the volume decline within Intermodal, we did run record train lengths in all other major categories. We were also able to generate efficiency gains within terminals, as initiatives led to record terminal productivity, even with a 5% decline in the number of cars switched. Overall, we've continued to intensify our focus on productivity and efficiency across the network. In summary, we've made solid progress to start off the year and completed the quarter on a strong footing. Moving forward, we expect to further momentum as we focus on those critical initiatives that will drive improvement. First and foremost is safety, where we expect once again to yield record results on our way toward zero incidents. While near-term uncertainty remains in the current volume environment, we will continue adjusting our resources to demand while also realizing productivity through other company initiatives to further reduce costs. This includes our capital investments, where we have adjusted our 2016 capital program down by $75 million to $3.675 billion. Over the longer term, we are in a tremendous position to leverage volume growth to the bottom line through increased utilization of existing assets. As a result, we will enhance our value proposition with an excellent customer experience. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron A. Scott: Okay. We mentioned train size earlier in the presentation. Every commodity group that we have has headroom for additional train size productivity. And we feel very good about our progress. We've made record train sizes in every commodity with the exception of coal, which was fairly optimized for a number of years in a row, and we'll do that again this year. Variable costs in every department within the operating team is a very big initiative for us, transportation, mechanical and engineering. And initiatives like recrew rate, where we've made enormous progress over the last 18 months coming down to record recrew performance. So those are some examples.
Cameron A. Scott: We have a really good mix of high-horsepower and low-horsepower in storage. And particularly on the low-horsepower fleet, as we look out over the next three to four years, there are some very nice lease return-backs that we will do. And we're very confident we can hold our low-horsepower fleet size and return those leases without any impact to our customers.
Cameron A. Scott: Absolutely. Within the operating department team, we have 12 projects that we've identified that we kicked off late 2014 and into 2015. Many of those projects are gaining very, very good traction into 2016, and we have a couple of others lined up for the end of 2016 going into 2017. So they're broad-based. They're well measured. We feel very confident, to an earlier question, that when we identify one of these productivity projects that we can hold that productivity as volume comes back to us so we have great leverage out into the future.
Robert M. Knight: Jason, I would remind – I know you know this, but I would remind everyone that if you look and compare the results to last year, remember we got about say 0.5 point of legacy pricing that was embedded in full-year results. The previous year and as we called out, the legacy activity is pretty much behind us, so that 2.5% is comparable to something legacy-like, if you will. Having said that, we don't give specific guidance by commodity group in terms of our pricing. In fact, our commitment still is to be an inflation-plus environment. We're going to continue to work as hard as we can providing a quality service product to our customers so we can continue to garner positive price above inflation as we move forward.
Robert M. Knight: Tom, I would say that first of all on the per-worker, really what drives changes from that from quarter to quarter is largely – in our case is largely driven by the mix of employees that show up in capital or happen to be working on capital in that quarter or not working on capital. That is generally why you might see swings from one quarter to the next. Because other than that, it's just basically straightforward in terms of the inflation that shows up on the labor line. In terms of our head count going forward, as I said and as we've always said, we're going to continue to squeeze out productivity. Headcount will move as volume does, but not one for one because we are continually focused on identifying continuing productivity initiatives. And I think you saw that certainly in the first quarter with an 11% reduction in the head count. That was good productivity initiatives. But we're not done. The whole theme of the G-to-55 initiative is a focus on continued productivity. So I would expect that trend will continue in terms of moving with volume but offset by productivity results.
Robert M. Knight: David, I promise we will not have three responses to every question here, but this is near and dear to all of our hearts. And I would just add to the discussion that Cam and Lance have had is that we're looking at every stone that we can turn over in the company. Cam obviously talked heavily about the operations, which is where the big dollars are and the big opportunities are, but we're not leaving it at that. And Lance talked about the growth opportunities. But aside from that, we're challenging the entire organization, even the administrative groups, to turn over every stone of looking for additional opportunities to be more efficient than ever before. And to your question, yes, technology, where it can enable that, whether it's in core operations or in a support activity, we are certainly looking to leverage that even further.
Robert M. Knight: David, this is Rob. I would say that that's not the case in our network. Again, if you look at – we don't have stranded assets. We don't envision there will be stranded assets. Because if you look at it again, using coal as the obvious example, we've still got the lines going up to the PRB mines. Those lines, while less volume traveling over them perhaps right now than maybe at their peak, they are still the same lines that we've enjoyed. So we don't have a situation. Now having said that, we're going to squeeze to be as productive as we can on our asset base. You see that in our locomotives and certainly our head count related to that. But as it relates to stranded assets, I don't see that as an issue for us.
Robert M. Knight: I wouldn't anticipate a material change or much of a change at all in the pension. And incentive comp for us, Ken, is not a big mover because we don't have a wide-based plan that affects a wide percentage of our employees. So if you boil it down, the big driver is going to be – again, I would use that 2% labor inflation number that we expect for the full year. And again, the timing of that can change quarter to quarter depending on how many employees are actively involved in capital or not involved in capital. That's really going to be what changes that number going forward. So I don't see any big changes.
Robert M. Knight: Chris, this is Rob. It was yeoman's work by the operating team because it was a significant challenge for them, but they did a fabulous job. I would say that the impact to us was less than $0.01 in terms of EPS for the quarter.
Robert M. Knight: Chris, this is Rob. You know we don't give guidance on mix. And the reason we don't is because we are in so many different markets, which we're very proud of in terms of the diversity of our network. There are a lot of moving parts, as you know, and there's mix even within each of the commodity groups. Having said that, you're right. We are coming off of unusually high negative mix challenges, and we do think our best look at the balance of the year is that will moderate. Again, we're at high water marks here, I would hope, at 2.5% and certainly last quarter's 4% negative impact on mix I would hope is an all-time high water mark. But we do think our best guess is that's going to moderate, but it's difficult to actually put any finer point on it.
Robert M. Knight: Scott, for us I'd say minor, and I would anticipate that it will be minor for the balance of the year.
Robert M. Knight: Scott, the point I was trying to make on that, number one, you can always have those swings depending on what capital projects are going on, but that was more of a sequential comment. Generally speaking, you would start to ramp up some of your capital projects in the first quarter that perhaps you weren't running as you finished the fourth quarter. So that was more of a comment, this particular go-round, relative to the sequential look. Year over year in the first quarter, not as material of an impact, but that can change from time to time. But I think if you look at it, again, the first quarter was pretty clean in my view. When you look year over year in terms of 11% head count reduction, really is representative of very solid, outstanding productivity performance. And of course, remember the year before we had our share of challenges.
Robert M. Knight: I wouldn't give guidance on that. I think probably the best way to think about it is that 2% inflation generally speaking should look like the guidance we're getting on the labor inflation line, which would be closer to 2%.
Robert M. Knight: John, I would say no. I wouldn't read into the fact that we happened to finish the quarter with a high cash balance as a change in anything we're doing. It's going to be the balanced approach. We need the cash for working capital, for taxes, for dividends. And we'll continue to be, as we have been, opportunistic on the share buyback as we move forward.
Robert M. Knight: I would just add to that, Brandon, that clearly we'd rather have positive volume. And just as a reminder, we did guide that we think full-year volumes will be down mid-single digits. That's a challenge. But to Lance's point, what we're expressing here is confidence in our ability to continue to be squeezing out productivity initiatives and continue to price appropriately in the marketplace. On the fuel, the guidance we're giving on fuel is that while it was a $0.10 headwind in the first quarter, largely driven by the $0.08 benefit the previous first quarter last year, we think that's going to moderate. If fuel prices stay where they are, our expectation would be that that headwind will moderate, largely because we lap the fall-off in fuel from the previous year.
Robert M. Knight: As you know, we don't break it out by commodity, but clearly the mix that we've seen the last few quarters is a challenge. I'm particularly proud of the fact that with reductions in volume and the headwind that we faced in the mix, we have continued to drive outstanding operating ratio performance. So that's the focus. Irrespective, you've heard me say this many times. We're going to play the hand that the economy deals us. We're not going to use the challenge that we're facing right now of a mix headwind as an excuse not to make continued margin improvements, and that's what we're all about. That's what driving our initiative of G55. That's what's still driving our plus or minus 60% operating ratio by full-year 2019 focus. We have to live in that world. But clearly, those challenges that we faced here on the mix have been challenges.
Eric L. Butler: So you're right, the regulations just came out here I think in the last – clarity on the regulations just came out in the last 30 days. And it really put a lot of the requirements for implementation upon the shipping community, which is part of the reaction that you get. Like most regulations, I think the shipping community will figure out a way to manage to that. And long term, if you look at our Ag business, it really is dependent on the fact that the U.S. still is a great producer. Generally speaking, long term it is in the sweet spot in terms of world competitiveness. We have had wins this year with the strong dollar, but it's in the sweet spot, and the U.S. as a producer will continue to be a good producer. And we as a transportation provider will continue to have the benefits of moving that business.
Eric L. Butler: No, I think that's it. I would say we all know that low fuel prices are allowing trucks to be plentiful. They're very tough competitors. Sluggish retail sales is a headwind to the economy. But within that, we think we have a great value proposition, and we're going to continue to price towards our value proposition.
Eric L. Butler: I'm not a central banker, but I would say the dollar is still very high in any relative sense. It has dropped a little from the peak, but it still is very high. And as you know, dollars impact the competitiveness of U.S. exports across the board. So whether it's Ag, whether it's things like steel, whether it's things like our iron or metals business or other commodities business, it impacts all of those things. And so I don't have any prediction of how much the dollar needs to fall. It still is very high in any relative historical sense.
Eric L. Butler: I think the public numbers still show drilling rigs down about 45% or 49%, 50%. So, Eric, there's not a lot of drilling activity that has picked back up with the slight bump up in fuel. Certainly when the drilling activity picks back up, we would expect to participate in that in the various markets that we operate in.
Eric L. Butler: Ken, there are a lot of moving parts, as you know, and there are a lot of ins and outs. I don't think anything substantially has changed our perspective that we've given over the time. A couple of the key factors we always look at is that West Coast port entry still is the fastest option to get to the Eastern markets, usually by two weeks. Another factor is with all of the rationalization going on in the container shipping industry, all of the alliances and the mergers and all that's going on, there does seem to be a migration to the larger ships. About half the new capacity coming on is with ships greater than 12,000 or 13,000 TEUs [20-foot Equivalent Units] on it. Those ships cannot go through even the expanded Panama Canal. So I think as you look at this trans-Pacific rationalization, there are even larger ships posting right now on the West Coast that cannot go through even the expanded canal. I think the West Coast ports still will remain a very strong, viable competitor. And fundamentally we're not changing our perspective and our outlook that we've had over the last couple years.
Eric L. Butler: So clearly, as Rob said earlier, the coal side was a lot softer than what we anticipated. Again, warmest winter on weather, we did not expect these low natural gas prices. The shale impact is significant. But if you set aside the shale impact, the energy, the coal impact, you do have some variability going on in terms of retail sales that is probably a little softer than what we anticipated. But if you look at net-net everything else, I think it's pretty solid growth and aligned with what we expected and aligned with the slowly strengthening economy. So you have a retail sales, international Intermodal market issue. You've got a shale/coal energy market issue. But if you look at everything else, I think it's pretty aligned and slowly strengthening.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, Justin, I think it's as I said in my prepared comments; that if you look at the international Intermodal side of the business and all of the rationalization that's going on there with the steamship carriers and the alliance changes and some of the mergers, that clearly has had more of an impact on our book of business based on the shippers that we certainly have been aligned with vis-à-vis our Western competitor.
Eric L. Butler: So as we regularly say, we are continuing to focus on business development. And we have a huge number of business development initiatives underway across the board, which are really overshadowed by the coal and the shale fall-off and some of the rationalization we're seeing in international Intermodal. If you look at our chemicals business, the Gulf Coast franchise, while many of those plastics expansions will not come on till next year, as we've talked about in the past, we still have lots of opportunities in terms of LPG growth. Mexico energy reform, there's a lot of growing interest in terms of moving products there, and we are working on a number of different initiatives with that. And so there is general economic strength that we're seeing in our industrial products business in terms of construction coming back, housing coming back. Chemicals has the benefit of plastics going to the automotive industry as you see automotive sales. And so there's a slowly strengthening economy out there and we're doing a lot of business development to go after it, which again is being overshadowed by just the huge volume numbers for coal and shale and the other headwinds we have.
Eric L. Butler: So, Allison, as you know, we have a standard answer where we don't really talk about specific contract negotiations. I will say we negotiate aggressively and assertively, and we're in a very competitive environment. And for any particular contract negotiation, we probably have dozens if not hundreds of terms that we're negotiating. And like always, as markets change and we look to be competitive, we evaluate a bunch of those terms and conditions and what works for us and works for our customer base.
Eric L. Butler: The actual numbers I think are 108 days, which is about 41 days above, call it a five-year average – and I think no, 41 days above last year. And how long it takes to come down just depends on all the factors we've talked about.
Eric L. Butler: This is Eric, Cherilyn. There is a lot of grain in storage. There is about 200 million bushels that were carried out from last year. I think the USDA estimates are that can grow by another 500 million bushels based on the number of acres that are being planted and the types of yields that are expected. So there is a lot of grain out there. We believe that eventually it has to move. And so we are certainly optimistic that when it does move, we're going to get our fair share of that, and it will move. It's just right now, U.S. grain is not competitive on world markets. The strong dollar is an issue. There are other issues in terms of really good crops in other places, growing regions around the world. But we do think it will ultimately will move, and we're going get our fair share of it when it does.
