Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. The story of the past quarter for Union Pacific is one of resiliency, battling heavy snow, Arctic temperatures, flooding and tornadoes, the team maintained service levels and exited the quarter on a positive trajectory. Persevering through those harsh conditions, our employees delivered for our customers, which demonstrates again that our people are the foundation for the great things that lie ahead. Turning to the first quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2023 first quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.67 per share. This compares to first quarter 2022 results of $1.6 billion or $2.57 per share. Our first quarter operating ratio of 62.1% deteriorated 270 basis points versus 2022 driven by excess costs, inflation and lower volumes. A series of weather events throughout the quarter had a real impact on our ability to capture demand, especially within our coal business as well as added cost to the network. Through those events, our service products showed greater and greater resiliency, quickly rebounding each time as we were better positioned with crew resources to support our customers. And with April month-to-date, freight car velocity is about 200 miles per day. We are operating a network that is positioned for consistent and reliable service. While a more difficult start to the year than expected, it doesn't reduce our expectations for 2023. As you'll hear from the team, all of our goals are still in front of us. Let me turn it over to Kenny for an update on the business environment.
Lance Fritz: And thank you, Jennifer. As Eric discussed, we continue to make great strides on safety. Derailments have been in the spotlight recently. The entire industry understands the critical role we play in support of the communities we serve. In fact, since 2000, Union Pacific's mainline derailments are down almost 30%, helping make this past decade the safest for the rail industry. Working collaboratively and proactively, the industry can further improve on that safety record. Looking forward, as you heard from Kenny, consumer-facing markets are in rough shape right now. Importantly, though, there remain opportunities to capture additional demand in a number of markets. The entire team is executing a plan to capture those additional carloads supported by an improved service product. Finally, with Earth Day approaching, I'd like to highlight the actions Union Pacific is taking to protect our planet. At the end of 2022, we released our second annual Climate Action Plan, highlighting updates to achieve our greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. This includes our goal of net zero emissions by 2050. Over the past year, we've turbocharged our locomotive modernization program. We've committed to both battery and hybrid electric locomotive, and we've increased our biodiesel blend to over 5%. And we're being recognized for that work. This past year, Union Pacific was selected as a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the first time. And we were the highest ranked railroad in the transportation category on Fortune's most admired companies. Union Pacific is committed to being a sustainability leader, driving long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Before turning to Q&A, as it relates to the CEO search process, the Board is fully engaged in executing its duty to identify the next leader. And I can say from personal experience what a wonderful job it is to be at the helm of a company like Union Pacific. I'll continue to lead the team until the new CEO is identified, and I'm energized by what we can accomplish in the coming months, as well as the great potential this company has for years into the future. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Thank you, Scott. So I'll just circle back to the press release that the Board sent when they announced earlier in the year that we were in the process of identifying a new CEO. They were clear on what they were looking for then, right, a track record and experience in safety, customer service, business development, clear vision on culture and a good operating experience. So they are crystal clear on what they're searching for. And the only update I have for you is we're using an excellent party, external consultant, and they're being very thorough in their search, which is underway.
Lance Fritz: And Jennifer, one last thing. What gives us a ton of confidence as we look into the year is how the network is operating right now. It's in a place where we can get the volume and we can squeeze out the excess cost.
Lance Fritz: Yes. So Tom, we entered the year saying total headcount hires addition to the TE&Y would look kind of like what it did in 2022 predicated on our plan for volume. Volume is looking a little cloudy right now to us, certainly in the first quarter in the back half. And so of course, that hiring plan is being looked at and adjusted. Net-net, in the second quarter, you're going to see us add to the active TE&Y headcount coming out of the training pipeline. The question really is what the training pipeline look like for the rest of the year? Having over 1,000 in the pipeline is a very strong pipeline for us. In terms of attrition, we tend to have about a 10% turnover in our TE&Y workforce. That really hasn't changed over the course of the last five years. We don't necessarily see it changing right now. So one of the adjustment factors is if we find ourselves getting out over our skis a little too far, attrition can help us suggest quickly.
Lance Fritz: And not -- but, Ben, it's wonderful to have new production facilities spot in the North American market. We will get our fair share. We have a wonderful franchise to and from Mexico. And any time industry shows up in the North American Continent, it's good for us. It's good for railroads. 
Lance Fritz: And Kenny, the same -- what you said about domestic intermodal to a lesser degree is truly in coal where you've got natural gas can be a driver of some pricing.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Brian. That's a great question. So in engaging the legislators in D.C., we help them understand what would actually move the ball in terms of safety, where regulatory effort would make a difference and where it wouldn't. To your point, train length wouldn't. Statistically, on UP, since 2019, train length is up something like 20% in our mainline and siding derailments are down 26%. So there's zero corollary between train length and derailments.  But there are other things that they can help with. We're taking action right now on wayside detection. That's a place where the FRA can step in. Things that we emphasize, that really don't have a corollary impact, another one is crew size and whether conductors are redeployed to the ground. That has no impact on safety around the world empirically. So we just broadly try to help them understand that and stay deeply engaged. This is a deep engagement all the time right now.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Jon, this is Lance. So just putting a bow on that. Our expectation is, in Q2 with a fluid network, we really squeeze out a bunch of the excess costs created by kind of weather and variability from those events. And then we start stretching our legs beyond Q2 to continue to recover some of the productivity and, ultimately, all of the productivity that we forewent in 2022 and then start growing from there. We've got a fair amount of inflation that's in front of us that we got to offset this year and going into next year. So we're going to be fighting that battle through the whole year as well.
Lance Fritz: Just a second. In terms of macro assumptions, we do not have planned in a recession, right? So a recession would be a problem for us. Absent that, what we need is markets to continue to just behave reasonably, i.e., we need consumers to continue to be healthy spend some. They don't have to go crazy. They just need to not pull in their horns. And we need the industrial economy to continue to do what it's doing. And we need inventory and this whole destocking to calm down after the first quarter, first half. All of those, I think, are pretty reasonable expectations. The wild card would be a recession.
Lance Fritz: Thank you for the question, Bascome. So we are deeply engaged at the STB. There is an executive level interaction with an STB either staff or member virtually every day, certainly several a week. What is helping in those conversations right now is, demonstrably, the service product is better and customers' temperatures are down. The other thing, if you recall, late last year, there was a hearing at the STB that focused on Union Pacific and our use of embargoes. And we, to the STB and to our customers, more importantly, made the commitment that we're going to both look at how we use embargoes and have an eye towards essentially getting back to a place where they're rare. Year-to-date, this year, 65% reduction in the use, in the last two months 75% reduction as the railroad is getting better. And I have all the confidence in the world that kind of progress is going to continue. So what I expect at this point, the STB is a bit of a wildcard. I won't predict what they do in May as regards the service reporting period. But I know the overall industry and certainly Union Pacific is in a place where our service product is not prompting more scrutiny and significant temperature coming into the STB from customers. And that's their -- that's their purview. That's what they're built for, is to react to customer feedback, and that's what they've done in 2022. So the fact that if we can get customers to a place where they're satisfied with the service product and in good dialogue with us on it, that takes a lot of the pressure out the STB.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Bascome. So what we keep an eye on are -- is the fulsome docket that they've got in front of them, things like final offer rate review versus this alternative dispute resolution mechanism, forced open access, the use of revenue adequacy as a rate-setting mechanism, those are things that we're working hard with the STB for them to understand what the ramifications of some of those decision points are, what is and is not justifiable by data and fact. And then, of course, we engage fulsomely with them to help make sure the regulation coming out of the STB makes sense and accomplishes what they're trying to accomplish, which is very good service product and growth in the rail industry. 
Lance Fritz: And Ari, thank you very much for the question and the opportunity to reflect just a moment. If I look back over the last eight years now working on year nine, the thing I'm most proud of is what we as a team have accomplished in terms of moving our transmission plan to a PSR model, doing that over the course of the last four years and doing it in a way where our customers weren't damaged by the transition, they were benefited from it. I think we've done stupendous work on sustainability. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we've done terrific work on diversity, equity and inclusion. We're recognized for that right now in the industry and in our communities. We've done really good work on setting ourselves up to be able to grow. We've got a wonderful stable of partners, IMCs that are world-class in hub, in Schneider and Knight-Swift and XPO in its current form. So I'm really, really pleased with that. As I look into the future, we are poised to be able to grow. We have to be consistent and reliable in our service product. That means we have to get our 5 critical resources right all the time. We got one of them wrong last year, part our issue and part the fact that the world blew up to a degree. But we have to be stable and consistent for our customers. They tell us they want that and they will grow with us as we deliver that. So I know the growth potential is there. Their supply chain want to use rail more, and the concept is really simple and straightforward. It's in our strategy, serve with consistent, reliable service, grow with service product and products that meet our customers' needs. Do that in a way where we are the provider of choice, the partner of choice that allows us to win in the marketplace and do it together with all four of our stakeholders being benefited from it. We think the strategy is sound, and we're ready and executing on it.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Jairam, I think fundamentally, the answer is we have not seen a shift in risk based on our shipments of EVs.
Lance Fritz: And thank you, Rob, and thank you all for joining us today and for your questions. We're looking forward to talking with our owners again in May at our annual meeting. Until then, take care.
Jennifer Hamann: So then, Scott, to your question, I mean, you're exactly right. We need to make sequential improvement through the year, and then that needs to become year-over-year improvement at some point for us to be able to meet that guidance. The factors that are going to help drive that, certainly, fuel is something that is looking different to us this year than it did last year. Particularly right now, you saw the 1.9 points that it benefited our OR in the first quarter. That will -- comparison will get a little tougher in the back half. So it may look different than '22 did. But certainly, fuel, I think, is something. But then it's the main levers that you know that we have available to us. It's volume, price and productivity. And of course, volume, it depends a little bit what that is, but we also have pure cost control. So if volumes are something that are not our friend, and we're not able to get that leverage, we also have the ability to control costs through being very careful and diligent in our management.
Jennifer Hamann: I think it really does depend on the volumes to a degree, Scott. And so certainly, as Lance said, the second quarter, I think you certainly see our total head count is going up. It's going to be probably different than last year. First half, we've got the training pipeline loaded in the first half. And I think the question is going to be what does the second half look like.
Jennifer Hamann: I'll take the first part of that question. Again, our guidance relative to volumes is exceeding industrial production. We came into the year, industrial production was forecast to be down about 0.5%. It's actually gotten a tad bit worse. It's now down about 0.7%. So that's not a huge [bump] to exceed. And yes, we started a little weaker, down 1.5 points here in the first quarter. But you just heard Kenny talk about kind of the different markets that are available to us and the fact that, as our service product is improving, we're putting more assets into play to move more carloads, and that's giving us greater flexibility to move those assets around to hit the markets that are available to us. And so we feel quite confident that we will be able to reach that goal as it relates to volumes and the rest of our full year guidance, obviously, which we reiterated. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. And to the mix part of your question, Brian, coming into the year, our view is that mix would likely be negative throughout the year, primarily around the fact that we were expecting to see more growth on the intermodal side. Obviously, that's changed a bit. And so looking to the second quarter at least, we're probably expecting a bit of a positive mix. Beyond that, I think it's too soon to say. But I do think that's something that is different as we sit here today than when we came and talked to you in January.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, so let's start off on the fuel piece. And we agree with your math on the $0.25 for the first quarter. That's exactly right. You have to think about fuel in two pieces, Amit. You have to think about the fuel surcharge piece and then the expense piece. And while in the first quarter, the fuel surcharge piece was a positive, as we look at what our current prices are for fuel right now, call it $3 a gallon when we paid $4 a gallon a year ago, that's going to flip on us. And so that is going to have a different dynamic, but our fuel expense is going to be less as well. And so you really have to think about it in those two parts and separate that out, I would say, in the analysis. The other thing I want to remind everybody about 2Q of last year was we did have an $0.18 benefit from a land sale, Illinois Tollway, and that was in our results. And then we also had $35 million extra in some casualty expenses. So that goes away. So you've got some puts and takes there, but I just want to make sure everybody is thinking of as you're putting that together. Our goal is going to be to continue to drive as much volume as we can across the network, do it as efficiently as we can and improve the service product. And the output of that will be the output of that. I'm not going to give you specific earnings guidance on that. And then to your other question about volumes, I think you need to factor in the Easter holiday. That does have an impact on our volumes. And so while, yes, weather was clearing, we did have a holiday impact there. And I think, again, we're putting the assets into place, and we're going to be moving the volumes that are available to us.
Jennifer Hamann: No. Jon, I think that would be unwise for us to do that. We are not going to try to pace our productivity improvement. And so we want to do that as fast as we can, as safely as we can while providing a really good service product so that we can ultimately drive greater volumes across the network. That's the real leverage, and it fuels the productivity, quite frankly.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, Walter. I'm going to resist the temptation to give you 2Q guidance and stick with the full year guidance. But you all can do the math. I mean we have to make improvement quickly, and it's got to be sequential. And at some point, obviously, that has to be year-over-year, and that is our focus. And that is our intent, and we're very confident that we will do that.
Jennifer Hamann: The longer you go into the year with that improvement, it gets more difficult. Yes, I will agree with that.
Jennifer Hamann: So in terms of our inflation guide, we said 4% was our inflation guide for 2023. And we said on the employee side, the comp would to be up mid-single digits. And those things still hold and that takes into account what we have negotiated for and plan to negotiate for in terms of paid sick leave. In terms of how we're going to get there and how we're going to improve, it really is the basis for the service product the pricing. Fuel will be a component. I mean, it obviously is a component in there. But we have the other levers, and that's where we're very much focused. Fuel is going to be what it's going to be. We're going to go after those items that we have the greater control over that's winning new business, pricing it appropriately and moving it efficiently.
Jennifer Hamann: I think Lance already answered that question. Our hiring levels for this year are roughly -- we came into the year assuming that they were going to be roughly similar to last year. Attrition is roughly similar in terms of what happens in the back half. We're really watching that from a volume standpoint. 
Eric Gehringer: Yes, Ken. Thanks for the question. Your summary is exactly accurate. And it was towards the tail end of winter is really where we were about 3 weeks ago, having come out of that. And with all the work that we've done on the hiring side is amongst other actions, you're seeing the output of having 2 to 3 weeks without weather being that headwind. With [weather] largely, if not entirely, behind us winter, you should expect us, as our customers expect to maintain where we are. We've reinforced that 200 to 205 miles per day. It's what drives our TPC metrics to the level our customers expect.
Eric Gehringer: It's a great question, Jordan. So as you think about that and the progress we're seeing right now, it's impacting nearly every one of our cost lines in a positive way. The big ones that we talk about is certainly starting with fleet size. In our prepared comments, I mentioned the fact that we're taking 100 locomotives and then putting them in storage, but they're in a storage state in which they can still be there quickly to gain volume. Next after that, it's all about crew utilization, right, which stretches everything from recrew rates to deadhead -- to how do we think about over time and making sure that we're being judicious with the use of over time. From there, we certainly do, even though you mentioned that we do focus on our fuel consumption. And I'm really encouraged actually by the first quarter because if you look at January, we came out very strong. February was kind of okay, and March was certainly weak, which means with weather behind us, there's no reason that we shouldn't snap right back to that great progress that we saw in January. So it's those others, but I've listed the biggest ones.
Eric Gehringer: Now Jon, thank you for the question. Obviously, we won't guide you to the specifics on the timing of the productivity. What I would reinforce is that based on the performance that we see on the railroad right now, it's bringing me and others greater and greater confidence that we'll see that productivity continue to grow throughout the rest of the year. To say -- as you look into the second quarter, the headwind of winter behind us and the forecast of being able to grow the volume, that's what's going to drive that. Beyond that, I'm not going to guide to it. We're just all focused on making sure that we drive that productivity safely.
Eric Gehringer: Yes. So they're focusing on the manifest and autos. When that starts with a 7, so right, 70%, 75%, that's in a place where our customers are giving us feedback that says that we are meeting their expectations. Now as far as steps to get there, you're going to always have manifest and auto lag the intermodal TPC, and it's simply because the cycle time of those cars is longer. It's a conversation we were just having the last two weeks to make sure that we are doing those actions. So when you look at the velocity picking up, that's a tailwind to it. When you look at our use discounts, which means are we making connections in the terminals to the right trains, that's up. Just those two things alone drive TPC in the right direction. And we're driving that as fast as we possibly can because we want to send the message to our customers that we understand first quarter was difficult, but we're in a better place now and it's for their benefit in ours.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Chris, so let's just start off. You look at our coal, we're expecting it to have a seasonal lull this time, the shoulder months that I mentioned. If you look at it last year, natural gas prices were much higher. So this is more of a normal look for domestic intermodal. We'll keep an eye on it. It's a very loose market right now. There's quite a bit of truck capacity that's out there. So we'll be watching that. And then also, last year, if you look at it, our grain business was still pretty strong at the time of year. Now we're seeing more global grain going to places where we exported last year. Now having said all that, looking forward to the rest of the year, hey, we're still bullish about some of these markets that I mentioned, whether it's finished vehicles, the metal, rock that's in our construction area is one and then biofuels.
Kenny Rocker: We are seeing a little bit of that. We've seen production related to the auto OEMs. There was one pretty large highly public analysis that came out. And with that, you got to remember there's a lot of other inputs that move by rail, whether it's soda ash or the glass, the metals that comes in for the car. That's great for us. Also, in our bulk commodities, on the ag side, we're expecting some new production and receivers out there. So yes, it is looking encouraging, and this is the first time that we're seeing tangible things that we can point toward. So that's a positive for us. I won't go on and on. We enjoy a fabulous network there. I'll leave it at that.
Kenny Rocker: This is a big picture longer term. I mean, you've got to get time for these locations to actually build up the physical infrastructure there.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I don't think I'm going to break out domestic international here. But what we saw, and I mentioned that just because you do have a more fluid intermodal network on the international side, we don't have a lot of the stack boxes on either end. More of those ocean carriers are moving in one, and we're seeing that. We put in products up against that. That's helping that with our grain facility down there on the Dallas side, with The Katy and they've hit their largest volume record in the first quarter. They just announced they're going to expand. And so we feel good about that, that we can move more of that inland.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So before I talk about domestic intermodal, which I think is your question, I just want to reiterate that we've got a broad diverse set of customers and markets that we get the price. And we've said that publicly, call it, approximately roughly half of that business, we get to touch every year outside of just one particular market. Now there is a lag impact to that. But the sales leaders, the commercial teams have done a really fabulous job going out articulating, hey, we're spending quite a bit on CapEx. We're putting quite a few resources out there. They understand what's taken place in the industry with our business on the labor side and the labor negotiations. And candidly, they are experiencing the same inflationary pressure. So you've got that piece. Now talking about domestic intermodal, yes, domestic intermodal has been a pretty loose market, quite a bit of truck capacity that's there. We're seeing it in our bids and RFPs. We've got mechanisms that are in place for our suite of intermodal customers to go out there and compete and win business based on their own strengths and capabilities, which give us confidence. And the other part of that is the fact that as the market tightens up, we can quickly capture that upside.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. We've been in close contact with the West Coast port, and they believe that there should be an agreement here near term. I'll tell you it's hard to quantify what's been diverted away because of some of these labor challenges. I'll tell you when we look at the order book going out to, I'll call it, the West Coast ports, it looks like the negative delta that we saw year-over-year is becoming less and less.
Kenny Rocker: I think that's just -- I can't be that precise, Jason. We could be positive about it, but to be precise, probably just wouldn't be a good idea.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Certainly, the way we calculate price volume increasing and improving helps us. So I'll say that also because it is April and not December. We have time to get more of that volume in the play as we move throughout the year. I would not say that there are some markets that are harder to capture price in other than those areas where we have mechanisms in place align with domestic intermodal. We've been very disciplined in our approach to take price. And in some cases, we've all taken some risk there to make sure that we're pricing towards the market.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. It's pretty broad because, obviously, it's in all three of our business teams, meaning if you look at it, biofuels, renewable diesel for us is an emerging market. Been very encouraged by our ability to land new customers, new production sites to move out of the Midwest going into the West, and those are attractive margins to us. On the industrial side, the same thing is true as we look at our metals business and some of the minerals business tied to that. Same as with rock. Those are areas that are positive, and they have structural increases related to population growth down in Texas, Louisiana and the Gulf. And so those are great. And then you are aware -- you are aware, Allison, of some of the new recent wins in our intermodal sector. And again, we feel really blast that we've got a fleet of highly capable customers that can go out and grow business over the road, and it complements very nicely our UMP our UMAX and E&P products that we have in the marketplace.
Kenny Rocker: We see the pipeline is still there. The thing that we're keeping an eye on is are they actually moving the forecasted amount that they initially told us. So no concerns with the pipeline, just a little bit of concern with making sure the volume that they committed to is still there.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. And I said this, Amit, we feel really good about the mechanisms we have in place for our customers to go out there and compete and win and retain business based on their capabilities and their strengths. And I also feel good about, again, as the markets move that we'll be able to move more real time with it. And so that's a positive for us.
Kenny Rocker: I'll say that we have not seen that risk right now. We have very close relationship with the EV leaders we've enjoyed growth there. Our ramps are prepared to handle those EVs, and then we're looking at the forecast and the size and what we need to do anything from an investment perspective and make sure that we can efficiently move those off and on the ramp and do it faithfully.
