Lance M. Fritz: Thank you, and good morning, everybody and welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Tom Lischer, Executive Vice-President of Operations; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.6 billion for the third quarter of 2018 or $2.15 a share. This represents an increase of 33% of net income and 43% in earnings per share when compared to 2017. This was an all-time quarterly record for Union Pacific even without the benefit from corporate tax reform. Total volume increased 6% in the quarter compared to 2017. Premium and Industrial carloadings both increased 9%, while Agricultural Products grew 2% and Energy volumes were down 2%. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 61.7% which was flat with the third quarter of 2017. Higher fuel prices had a 0.3 negative impact on the operating ratio. Strong top-line growth was offset by an increase in volume-related costs, higher spending due to some lingering network inefficiencies and other cost hurdles. While we've reported solid financial results, we did not make the service and productivity gains that we had expected during the quarter. However, we believe that Unified Plan 2020 along with other G55 and Zero initiatives and recent changes to our leadership team, position us well to start driving larger service and operational improvements going forward. We launched Unified Plan 2020 on October 1 in our Mid-American corridor with the goal of creating more streamlined operations on the eastern one-third of our network. While early, I am pleased with the initial results, as we have seen improvement in several key performance indicators on our network. We've also made a number of other changes to drive near-term productivity savings that you will hear about today from the rest of the team. Our entire Union Pacific team is fully engaged in the implementation of Unified Plan 2020 and our pursuit of running a highly-reliable, more efficient network. There is much more to come as we continue to roll-out Unified Plan 2020 across our network, and I'm excited about the opportunities it's going to create for both our customers and our shareholders. I'm confident we have the right people and the right plans in place to improve our operations, to provide more reliable service for our customers and achieve industry-leading financial performance. The team will give you more of the details on the third quarter and Unified Plan 2020 starting with Ken.
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As we discussed today, we delivered record third quarter earnings per share driven by strong volumes and solid top-line revenue growth. While we recognize that opportunities still exist to improve our network performance, we are encouraged by the progress that has been made so far. Furthermore, I'm pleased with the strength of the economy and the positive impact on most of our business segments. Looking ahead, I'm confident that the recent progress we've made on our Unified Plan 2020 will accelerate in the near-term. As we move forward with the implementation, along with other G55 and Zero initiatives, we will regain our productivity momentum and improve the value proposition for all four of our stakeholders. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. But to your question, Ken – this is Lance – clearly, it's very early innings, right? We've just started implementing Phase 1 on October 1. What we're very optimistic about are seeing movement in some of the KPIs that we would consider the first early indicators like car terminal dwell. We're seeing that move in the right direction. We're going to see and are seeing locomotive productivity as we're taking locomotives out moving in the right direction. That car Trip Plan Compliance, that has a lot of moving parts to it, and it's hard to move it early, right, because it's a combination of what are you doing to and from industry, which is first and last mile, what are you doing in the terminals, what are you doing over the road. And so, the fact that it's treading water right now, I don't think that's unusual or unexpected. But, over time, we do expect that to move in the right direction. And then, the other part of your question is how quickly can we make changes. This is turning into a way of life for us. So, while the phased implementation of the first iteration of Unified Plan 2020 or PSR on our railroad is kind of well-conceived, inside of that, there are already opportunities to try something that's part of that plan. And if it doesn't work out just as thought, reconstructing it and doing it again. That's part of what Tom touched on when he said we've kind of reorganized some of our management structure on the operating side, so we can make those kinds of changes more rapidly.
Lance M. Fritz: So I'll take a stab at that and then Tom might be able to give a little more detail. So, when you think about the expertise that we have in-house on PSR, we do have employees, some at high levels like a Cindy Sanborn who is now going to be running the entire northern region of the network, along with others, particularly in the operating team and also in the network planning and optimization team who have experience and in some cases deep experience in PSR. Now having said that and understanding that we have complete confidence in the existing team and they're doing a hell of a job, both designing from ground up, because it's not being done in Omaha, it's being done by the people that have to execute the product on the ground. We are always looking for ways to increase our knowledge. One way is we have spent a great deal of time with railroads that have implemented PSR to understand from their perspective what worked, what they wished they would have done differently, what they wish they would have accelerated during their initial phases. So we have learned from that and it's reflected in our own planning. And we are always out in the marketplace looking for talent that can add to the team that we have got.
Lance M. Fritz: That's a great question. We don't know – well, we don't have the numbers handy right now as to the total number of contractors on the network. I'll just remind you that not every contractor looks the same. So, we said we are in the fourth quarter taking out 200 contractors. Those are very much focused in the IT world where they work full-time on projects that we give them, and they're supervised by somebody else in a different part of the world. We have many other contractors that do different things on our property, because they can do it either more effectively than we can or because the asset investment to do the work doesn't make sense for us to make because it wouldn't be deployed all the time. So, in that case, you think about something as simple as snow removal and grass cutting, and then you go all the way up to contractors that are running some of our intermodal ramps. So, there's a lot of moving parts there. You've targeted properly, Ivan, that that is an opportunity cost, and to the extent that we can find low value-added work or ways to do that more efficiently, that's another bucket of costs that we're targeting.
Lance M. Fritz: Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. Brian, Brian I'm sorry. Yeah, we did and have actually benchmarked ourselves against every other PSR railroad, and we do that periodically against every other railroad. And what I'd say is the target ranges that you see on that metric slide are both engineered, they're derived from the network as we think it will be designed on us, right, because the design is not complete. But we took a very large first step in the Mid-American corridor, and so we have a sense for what to expect in the remaining phases. That's item number one. Item number two we have pressure tested that against what we see in absolute performance and in improvement from starting point on the other railroads. Now, I would remind you there's probably one kind of glaring difference in one way, and that is we're starting the project with an OR in the 62 to 63 ballpark where some of the more immediate implementations have started at a higher OR level. So there's that. But, we also can see where everybody else started in terms of their locomotive productivity, their car dwell, their fill in the blank. And the other thing I would say is, we expect significant as we point out in that slide, significant improvement. We're already starting to see early returns that grow that confidence in it. But every railroad is a little different. Right? We have – we go over the continental divide. We have some pretty significant rise and fall. That probably means that's going to look a little different than somebody who doesn't.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, I think the best sum for that, David, is we anticipate we should be the best performing railroad exactly for the reason of our franchise and team and many other assets and we should have the best financial performance. That's what we're targeting. That's what we're shooting for.
Lance M. Fritz: I believe we've shown a appropriate level of commitment in this first month, if you will, of activity. Consolidating regions, consolidating engineering functions, moving something like customer care and support from marketing and sales into the operating team, finding 475 jobs that we think can be done more efficiently, streamlining the organization. There are many first steps that are literally just first steps. And, yes, that level of commitment necessary to ultimately achieve a 55 operating ratio at some point in the future, that is in place.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. So, you see a couple of those KPIs that are currently published, terminal dwell is one that will be a good one to watch. That's a good overall indicator. We publish a freight car number. I think it's a big more inclusive number, but that should show some movement as well. And the other thing to note is, those KPIs are now being built into how we monitor our business and we will have an opportunity to review them with you on a quarterly basis as well.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. That's a great question, Bascome. So we do believe at this time that our current incentive packages are appropriate and driving appropriate behavior and it's for this reason. In the big picture, if we think about what's important in this – in our industry and our company, first and foremost is making sure we get our investment and invested capital right, that from that perspective, I mean spend it at the right time, at the right amount, in the right place, and generate the returns necessary to attract capital. And so, the long-term plan being built around ROIC makes all the sense in the world, right? We're a very capital-intensive company and we got to keep an eye on that. We've modified that so that the management team gets punished or rewarded incrementally based on relative performance on operating income. So that's a relative operating income. So that's an important long-term incentive plan. I think it looks right. The short-term is built on two big measures. One is operating ratio, which is how efficiently we're taking the top line and translating it into the bottom line. That's critically important for us. And operating margin, which is – or operating income again which is are you growing, and are you growing as expected. So, for right now, we think those make sense. But the other thing to note is our Compensation Committee of the board is always evaluating what are the right incentives and how do we align management with what makes best sense for rewarding shareholders. I think we've got that right, right now, but that does change over time, and it could change in the future.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. Allison, I wouldn't use that as a hard and fast rule, right. You know that I think hump yards are very different around the network. Some of our hump yards are designed to run at 2,000 plus cars a day and some are designed to run at 1,200 cars a day. The end game really is if the cars need to be switched and need to be switched there, is that the lowest cost option and if it is, we'll keep using it. And if we get to a point where utilization drives an alternative decision, we'll do that.
Lance M. Fritz: Basically where you have to switch the cars, that will dictate and because one of the things we're doing is, we're reducing the times we touch a car, which is great overall, but we still have to touch it somewhere to get in block.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. So, Tom, I think to directly answer your question. It is a new transportation plan. And what it means is, Tom's team started at ground level with the cars to and from industry, and built from that where is the most efficient place to switch those and do work, what's the most efficient way to advance them deeper into the network to where they want to go or to interchange, and then reconstructed a transportation plan that does that. So, when Tom is talking about the sand plan, in your mind think there's a number of origins up in Wisconsin and Minnesota, and they accumulate cars and they fill those cars with sand over time. And in a unit train, it takes three, four, sometimes five days to accumulate the cars, create a unit train and ship them down. In today's plan, instead we pull cars daily from those origins. We accumulate it into a manifest network and ship them down. What that does is it saves days on car trips. And you expand that into all the commodities and all the customers that we do across the network and that's how you get time savings on car movement and dwell savings in yard.
Lance M. Fritz: You know, so the first things to focus on are, it will drive a reduction in the time it takes a car to go from origin to destination on average. It will reduce the time a car is sitting in a terminal on average. It will reduce the amount of locomotive power required on average. I think we'll see some train start impact. It should. And train length, it could also continue to help us grow train length. Those moving parts are a little less clear in terms of ultimately we'll consume fewer crews, because the product is more efficient and reliable. How much of that is because of trains, physical train starts, that's hard to tease out right now.
Lance M. Fritz: We are, yeah. What you said is true. The pipeline for new hires is starting to come down. It was doing that at the tail-end of the third quarter and we anticipate that to continue.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, great question, Brandon. So bearing in mind that winning in our world is generating growing and highest amount of operating income and cash from operations, so that we can reward our shareholders, attract capital, and put the capital back to high return projects. I think the short answer is, yes. The way we think about capital, we build it up from the bottom, so we don't start with a target number, but that looks to us like less than 15% of revenue, and I think as we get more efficient, what I expect would happen is, we're going to have capital that is physical existing structure, infrastructure available to use. Now, our capital spending might target a little differently. Prior to implementing this Unified Plan 2020, we might have spent in this one area, and once it's implemented we might have work happening in a different area that we would like to either debottleneck or support with incremental capacity. But I don't think that changes overall the net-net large number. And to achieve what we try to – what we need to achieve, like a 55 operating ratio, attractive ROIC, growth will help, and I anticipate we will see growth because of more reliable consistent service product. But I don't think capital is going to retard us from being able to do that.
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions and joining us on this call today. And we are looking forward to talking with you again in January.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Amit, as I said – this is Rob – as I said in my comments, we've not finalized for 2019. And all the issues and challenges and questions that you've asked are clearly in the process of us working through and we are not prepared to give guidance on all those items. All I'm calling out here is that we are feeling confident in the early innings of our traction that we're gaining with our G55 and Zero initiatives and most specifically, our Unified Plan 2020. And as we look at that, we know there's going to be – we think there's going to be a positive volume environment, but exactly what that volume looks like and what the mix looks like and how sand or other commodities turn out remains to be seen at this point. But despite all that, all those moving parts, we think we'll be able to drive at least $500 million of productivity from the initiatives that we have well underway right now.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. Amit, I think you're right. I mean, I think the rails – and I think the simple answer or the short answer to why is the capital spending in the rail industry is so much greater than depreciation, really the answer lies largely, I think in the long-lived asset investments that are contained within that investment. So there's a lot of moving parts there, but that really is the simple answer. But I will tell you, as we look at Union Pacific's capital spending, we haven't finalized for 2019, but you're right. I did call out that we're tightening our guidance to be less than 15%, and I'm very proud as we've worked over the last several years to be as disciplined as we can in driving the improvements we've seen in our operating ratio over the last decade or so and more to come. We've been equally focused on being disciplined and thoughtful and lined up around being disciplined around our capital spending, and we were proud to kind of walk that down as we have over the years, and we're just walking it down as a percent of revenue even further as we look to 2019.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Well, stay tuned. I mean, we'll see. Again, I would say that it depends on a lot of factors, but I would tell you that we're as disciplined as we can be around our capital spending. So we'll see.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. You're referring – on the 10% – I would not take that as an overall head count. That's an efficiency measure on that slide that Tom showed earlier. That's not saying that we're going to have 10% fewer head count. What will dictate what the actual head count number is, is productivity is a big piece of it, obviously, but so will volume. So that did not contemplate volume, which at this point we think will be volume growth. So, there's a lot of moving parts on that. I think the message there was that's one of the key KPIs from an operating standpoint as we roll-out Unified Plan 2020 that labor efficiency around running an efficient operation is something we expect to improve upon.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Hey, Justin, this is Rob. I mean, as you know, we're never going to use and haven't used the lack of volume as an excuse for not achieving productivity. Having said that, clearly positive volume is our friend because it gives us more optionality operationally to squeeze out productivity. But as we look to 2019, again, we are thinking that in our – well, we haven't finalized it yet, our early look is that volume will be on the positive side of the ledger and that certainly is embedded in our more than $500 million productivity. So depending on what actually plays out, I will assure you if volume were down, which is not our outlook, but if volume were down, we would just as aggressively go after that 500 plus number, but absolutely what it turns out to be remains, we'll see.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. Ravi, let me just state, first of all, at the outset, that – when this ties into your question and the previous question, that we never give guidance on mix. And I have always viewed it as a huge advantage of the UP franchise that we play in so many different markets that there's a lot of mix moving parts, and there is mix within commodities, and so there's a lot of moving mix things which is why we don't even attempt to try to project that or guide to it. We play the hand that the economy deals us. But I will assure you that commercially and across the entire organization, we are focused on driving price where we can on every move, whether it's a positive mix or a negative mix when you add it all up, it might be a short haul move, for example, but we're just as focused on driving price and margin improvement on that short haul move as we are a long haul move. So I wouldn't take mix as implying price is my point there. Number two, to your question on the spread versus inflation, let me just step back and give you the guidance that we have given and that is that our dollars that we yield from our pricing actions will be greater than the dollars that we expend on inflation. So you're right. I would expect at this point that inflation will be higher in 2019 than we have seen in 2018. But the dollars that we yield from our pricing actions should still exceed – may not – I'm not saying by what gap, but it should still exceed the dollars that we expend on the inflation cost, albeit inflation likely be a little higher.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. That's a great question. In this year, we have been working through the failure cost or the inefficiency costs that I talked about, so this year is not a good benchmark, but I think it helps inform and influence and set us up for a strong year in 2019 because we have every expectation that we're going to remove those inefficiency costs that we've seen throughout 2018 and then do way more than that with the Unified Plan 2020. So it's a big number. I can't tell you how to model other than we're showing confidence in our ability to drive productivity and as we've stated here, we're confident that our belief at this point, the early planning phase, is that volume will be on the positive side of the ledger and we're just as confident as ever on our ability to drive price above inflation. So, from a modeling standpoint, you'll have to kind of take those parameters and do what you think the economy is going to look like. But I would say that the $500 million, and again I said at least $500 million, is a big number. I mean, you can look at – historically, maybe if you went back over a long period of time, you'd see UP in the $250-ish million kind of range. So we think $500 million in any one year plus is a big productivity achievement.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Chris, I would say that we're not finite enough yet to calendarize that $500 million. But you're right, I mean, we will be ramping as we go in terms of the implementation of Unified Plan 2020. So that likely will have some impact on the calendarization of the $500 million. And again, I would stress that, recall I said at least $500 million. So we're hopefully not going to leave any money on the table here. We're going to aggressively go after all the opportunities and we're feeling good about this. And, oh, by the way, we have to get that kind of number plus in order to drive to our ultimately our 55 OR which we're committed to and driving to getting to a 60 by no later than 2020. So it's going to take this kind of initiative. And so, I guess, I would summarize my answer by saying, we're going to go after that. It's going to be at least $500 million. Likely we'll have some lumpiness, if you will, from quarter-to-quarter or when it actually plays in then we're going to be working through that as we phase in the remainder of the network on the UP 2020.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Chris, it's Rob again. I would say that, I mean stay tuned. I'm not promising that we're going to change our guidance, but I would just say that as you know, having followed us for many years, we're not going to slow down to get to our target by the absolute end of the target date. And I use that reference in the 60. We're going to get to the 60 as safely and efficiently and as quickly as we can. But at this point in time, our guidance still is by 2020. That doesn't mean in 2020, but by 2020 is our official guidance on that. And so, we'll update you as appropriate if need be, but at this point in time, that's how we're marching.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, that's a good question. And as I pointed out in my comments, we're still focused on eliminating or reducing the risk as best we can. But you're right. We did flag the full year operating ratio year-over-year improvement in 2018 versus 2017 as a slight risk. And I would say, why is that? Well, what we're seeing is the inefficiency cost that we're going aggressively after, we have every expectation that they will be behind us. Certainly as we head into 2019, are still lingering. Some of the revenue shift has not been our friend, notably as Kenny commented, the grain markets have not been our friend. But I'm not going to use that as an excuse as we don't, because volume has still been fairly strong. But that in fact is one of the challenges. And on a smaller scale, some of the costs associated with the right decision to reduce some of the head count, the timing of that we are obviously going to have a little bit of a perhaps a small headwind in the fourth quarter on that. But you add all that up, those are the things that have changed.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, I mean, we're not giving because we're just not to that point yet. We're not giving guidance on a full year operating ratio in 2019. But again, we'll see how it all plays out. We're confident in the $500-plus productivity. At this point in time we do see positive volume. We're confident in our ability to generate price. If you add it all up, I would expect that we will make nice improvement in the overall margins. What that number ends up being, stay tuned. But clearly, we are focused on a meaningful move in the right direction on the operating ratio.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. No, I totally get it, Walter, and I would say that the answer to your question is kind of several things. One is, we are in the early innings of the implementation as we've talked all morning here of Unified Plan 2020 gaining traction and feeling really good about it. So we're feeling very good about that. We haven't changed that guidance, but I would just call out that, I wouldn't read too much into that. I wouldn't read that, oh, jeez, they're not confident because we are confident. But I would just highlight that at this point, that is a by 2020. It's not a end of last day of the year of 2020 kind of thing. So we're going to get there as safely and as efficiently and quickly as we possibly can and stay tuned, I guess, in terms of what kind of pace we're able to make. As we get more innings under our belt with the implementation of Unified Plan 2020, I think you'll start to see and we'll talk more granule, I would expect, about where are we on that path of improvement.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, those are all factors that go into our planning. We don't have anything to announce here, but, yes, I mean I think all of the things you highlight are going to the mix of us determining what's the right business decision to make and when.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: No, I wouldn't say. We haven't put a date on that, but I wouldn't say it's materially changed our thinking. We have nothing to update here.
Thomas A. Lischer: So, our railroad is going through a lot of changes right now. On the metric side, that's not the primary reason for the failure, of course, you might have seen before. We see improvement as we turn the assets quicker that could create capacity, which is going to improve our reliability and ultimately go out to the efficiency side. It's difficult to say or parse out what part of our improvement is due to the Unified Plan versus other initiatives that we have.
Thomas A. Lischer: Really, as Lance said, the focus on car dwell minimizing that car dwell, getting the assets quicker helps to drive our service product back up.
Thomas A. Lischer: Well, I appreciate the question, Allison. As I referenced, we are going through a terminal rationalization process. That is a part of our function as the traffic levels or traffic shifts through our new programs and our new plan. As far as hump yards or switching yards, we're looking at what cars specifically need to be there and assessing if those cars – if we could shut down that facility and become more efficient with surrounding areas. As far as the hump yard goes, they vary a little bit, but a thousand cars-ish at a hump yard is what we're looking at from a rationalization process, but it's going to be predicated on how the traffic flows end up in our organization.
Thomas A. Lischer: We are working through that process right now. We don't have specifics at this point. We're working through that. There's not a specific yard we have targeted at this point, but we are looking closely at those opportunities of where the car should be and if there is opportunity to shutter a yard. There will be more to come on that later.
Thomas A. Lischer: So, with our 150 different transportation plan changes that we're implementing, about 125-ish of those are completed right now. And we're continuing to move forward. We have implemented the ones that were the quickest and the highest impact. We have just got over last week our sand plan which moved density of these unit trains that would build density over a couple of days to a daily service. That's not without the lumps. We have had some issues of getting that going, but overall, it seems to be making the forward run. This week we started our intermodal plan of running longer intermodal trains up and down the corridor here. So that's just getting started.
Thomas A. Lischer: So, a lot of this is about how we're balancing that network one end to the other, A to B, B back to A. That drives efficiency in our – overall crew starts. So you should see that. That's how we're coming about our crew start team-wise.
Thomas A. Lischer: Yeah. So we've turned our operating model upside down and we want to make sure we're solid on that as we move forward and designing the plan and working with our customers to be proactive to improve that service reliability.
Kenny Rocker: Hey, Ken. This is Kenny. First of all, we do have tougher comps in our sand volumes, and so we are seeing less sand moving in that Permian Basin. The other thing that Lance alluded to is on our grain side. We are seeing what I'll call a delay of what could be moving out or exporting out here. And so, we'll watch the soybeans and the grains and keep an eye on that. Now, having said all those things, I'm bullish and the commercial team is bullish that we have some areas that we're expecting to grow into the quarter. Our petrochem business will grow. We're expecting the wins on our international intermodal sector to grow. So, we're still feeling that it will be in the positive.
Kenny Rocker: Just real quickly, Lance. You hit on everything. I'll just say I've been really impressed with the commercial team, because they have been out early and proactively talking with customers about the transportation plan that we're implementing, and I can also tell you that as we look at the business, we are putting that filter on to make sure that it does fit with our network. In some cases, there have been a couple of examples where we have elected not to support the business because it does not fit into the network. So, if you're asking the question, are we prepared to walk away from business if it doesn't fit in the network, then that answer is, yes. But like I started off saying, we're really focused on trying to grow our volumes by educating our customers.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah, you summed it up good, Rob. I will say, Rob laid out our methodology, and we've moved less sand revenue sequentially third quarter versus the second quarter which had an impact. But having said all of that, if you look at some of the other markets, I'm really pleased and impressed with our ability to price to the market. You look at some of our markets like our domestic intermodal market, you look at our carload business, that's right in competition with truck, very pleased with our ability here to walk up the pricing to price to the market.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So, thanks for that question. First of all, I'll just say that there are other shales out there that have a good pipeline of opportunity, and so we are pursuing those opportunities and getting wins there. At the same time, you are aware of the crude oil opportunities that are out there, both out of the Permian and out of Canada. We don't go into a lot of detail. We don't talk about customers. But I can tell you that we have wins in both of those markets, and we feel good about the volume that's coming out there. It won't completely offset the sand, but we feel good about the volume, and we'll see where that upside takes us.
Kenny Rocker: And, Ravi, I'll be pretty succinct here. Each commodity market is different. Each deal, each customer is different. I can tell you when you see us win in the marketplace, it's at acceptable margins.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So, first of all, there are a number of things going on in play there. Natural gas prices were down 3% kind of year-over-year by the quarter. There are some retirements in there. There's a book of business on the coal side that's always coming up for renewal. And as I mentioned in my earlier statement, we lost some business. So we're not going to get every win there and we focus on the ones that we win have to be at acceptable margins.
