Lance M. Fritz: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's first quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Beth Whited, our Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of nearly $1.1 billion for the first quarter of 2017. This equates to a first quarter record $1.32 per share which is up 14% over last year. Total volume increased 2% in the quarter compared to 2016, carload volume increased in three of our six commodity groups, led by a 16% increase in coal. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 65.1% which is flat with the first quarter of 2016. This is a very solid start to the year, especially given the weather challenges we encountered on the Western part of our network earlier in the quarter. In keeping with our strategic value tracks, our engaged employees worked safely and productively under very difficult circumstances during the quarter. As a result, operations were restored quickly as we continued to focus on providing an excellent customer experience. Our team will give you more of the details on the quarter, starting with Beth...
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you, Rob. With a solid first quarter performance behind us, we'll continue to press ahead with our volume, pricing, and productivity initiatives through the remainder of year. As Beth mentioned, we're seeing particular strength in a few markets such as frac sand. Coal seems to have stabilized and we're seeing some signs of gradual improvement in other areas of the economy. Our six-track value strategy will keep us intensely focused on effectively leveraging volume growth while providing our customers an excellent experience and our shareholders a solid return on their investment. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance M. Fritz: Hey, Eric, just stepping back a couple of kind of high-level things that are going on in that shale energy market. One is many of these shale energy exploration plays are competitive at $50 oil and so it looks like it's potentially a sustained marketplace. And the second thing is the sand intensity per well has been increasing and that also looks like it's a favorable trend.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, I would just say you're right. We have attempted to explain how we calculate price and again I'm proud to announce, as you all have heard me say for many years, that we are very conservative in terms of how we accurately capture what we report on price. But nothing's changed from the guidance we gave. And that is that we're focused on driving dollars that we yield from our pricing initiatives higher than for the full year, higher than the dollars we expend on inflation and coming into this year we called out that that gap this year was clearly going to be tighter than last year, largely driven by some of the pressures that you're asking about in our energy and Intermodal businesses on the one hand and on the other hand a higher inflation rate, which for the full year we still see overall inflation in that 3% range which is obviously is higher than what we ended up with last year. So nothing has changed but I would just point out that, as Beth commented in her remarks, we are continuing to face competitive pressures in the energy and Intermodal businesses, so that has not abated. That continues.
Lance M. Fritz: So, Scott, let's start by saying we have great respect for CSX, the management team there, their business. They run a good business. They've got a great business model, and I'm sure Hunter is bringing significant change to that business model and he's got a great track record in our industry. Setting that aside, we run our business with an eye towards being as efficient as we possibly can be and driving our six value tracks. Now we keep our eyes open, and we learn from anybody we can outside of our business, and we've done that historically, and we'll continue to do that. A great case in point is the 600-some-odd low horsepower locomotives we've taken out of our network over the past couple of years. That was a lesson we learned from a couple of other entities, and we figured out how to apply it to ourselves, and we've done that effectively. So our focus is get to that 60%, plus minus, by 2019 and then get to 55%. And we'll get there as quickly as we can, keeping in mind we've got a number of levers that we're moving in terms of growth on the top line, productivity and trying to drive core price. And again if somebody's got a great idea that looks like it can apply to our business model, we're going to use it, but it's not going to fundamentally change how we run our business or approach our strategy.
Lance M. Fritz: I'll take a stab at that and then we'll let either Rob or Cam add some technicolor. So our $3.1 billion for the year remains $3.1 billion. Of course, there are moving parts in there, but that's what we're expecting for our full year. As we look forward, the moving parts again are about $2 billion of replacement capital annually. We don't see much that changes that dramatically over time in order to maintain a really robust network. Positive train control is coming towards the end of its significant capital spend as we finally implement in its entirety of the project by 2018 and then work through 2020 to get the bugs kicked out and get it operating properly. After that, it's all about growth and safety and productivity targeted investments. Rob's also talked about a ballpark of 15% of revenue, and I don't think there's much that we see that takes us off those numbers.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, I'll remind you we do have an obligation that's part of a long-term contract that includes purchases this year but absent the fact that we had a long-term contract, we would not be in the market.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. I assure you management is not taking its time on trying to improve our margins. If you look at our long-term incentive plan, our proxy lines out the fact that it's built around an improved ROIC, or encouraging us to improve our return on invested capital. And in that there's a kicker that's designed around improving our operating margin. But all of our incentives essentially line us up, whether it's our long-term incentive plan or the fact that we're all significant shareholders or our short-term incentive plan, they're essentially all lined up for us to improve our operating margin and our return on invested capital as quickly as we can. The payouts get better and grow the faster and better we make those improvements.
Lance M. Fritz: A couple of other reminders, right? We generated over $400 million in productivity last year. We talked about generating over $350 million in productivity this year. We are not just wandering around in the woods.
Lance M. Fritz: I'll take the freight, the trade question and it's broader and you can talk about coal, Beth. So, in terms of trade overall, our perspective is the following: that the U.S. economy is tightly connected to our trading partners. We understand that open global trade and more markets available to U.S. manufacturers and producers is critical both for jobs in the United States as well as for the economic vibrancy of the United States. We believe that that's well understood also in our current administration and we believe that while there are opportunities to both enforce existing trade agreements, enhance them and negotiate new ones, that the long-term answer is more markets available to U.S. manufacturers and producers is better than fewer markets available. That's essentially the pathway towards economic prosperity and job creation. So, with that, I'll let Beth answer the thermal coal question.
Lance M. Fritz: Following the reauthorization in I think it was late 2015, the STB got very active at clearing a docket of a number of different items that were in front of them. We've seen that activity slow down a touch, which makes sense given that the current administration has the opportunity to appoint board members of that organization. What we're encouraging the STB as they're thinking about their docket of work is to not simply just look at each individual item as a stand-alone item, but also bear in mind that they all work together as a quilt of overriding regulation on the industry, and to think about the kind of interactivity of all the regulation they are contemplating. We look at the STB historically and think the balance they've struck has been good for the industry, and mostly important is good for the customers, letting the market work where the market will work and in those unique circumstances that require it imposing regulations. So, we keep encouraging them to be a deft hand when they're looking at their docket.
Lance M. Fritz: This quarter is a great example, Rob, where, what'd we have, 1.3 percentage points impact by fuel lag.
Lance M. Fritz: Hey, Zax, going back to your softwood lumber question, what's really critical to us is getting housing starts and construction up. We have a wonderful franchise that kind of regardless of where the wood's coming from, we just need it to be consumed.
Lance M. Fritz: Okay, thank you, Rob, and thank you for your questions and interest in Union Pacific. We look forward to talking with all of you again in July.
Cameron A. Scott: Thanks, Beth. And good morning. Starting with safety performance our reportable personal injury rate increased to 0.89 versus the first quarter record of 0.75 achieved in 2016. While disappointed with the results, the team remains fully committed to successfully addressing risk in the workplace and I am confident in our efforts as we push towards our goal of zero incidents. With respect to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our reportable rate of 3.18 increased 11% versus the first quarter of last year. To make improvement going forward, we'll continue to focus on enhanced TE&Y training to eliminate human factor incidents and making investments that harden our infrastructure to reduce incidents. In addition, we're collecting millions of data points on the health of our track condition and are actively developing advanced analytical models to better identify and mitigate this risk. In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate improved 7% versus 2016 to 2.21. As I mentioned on the fourth quarter call, our crossing assessment process or CAP couples our comprehensive safety culture with data analysis to help focus increased attention on the crossings where we can most substantially impact public safety. Moving on to network performance. Severe weather throughout much of our Western region caused multiple track outages and service interruptions during the first quarter. As a result, velocity declined 6% while terminal dwell increased 7% when compared to 2016. Despite the weather challenges, we were still able to generate efficiency gains within our terminals as cars switched per employee day increased 4% during the first quarter. I would like to take a moment to thank the team for their hard work and dedication as they did an excellent job of restoring the network quickly and safely in an effort to minimize delays so we could continue delivering an excellent customer experience. Moving on to resources. Throughout the quarter as part of our ongoing business planning process, we fine-tuned our resource levels to account for volume changes, weather disruptions and productivity gains. As a result, our total TE&Y work force was down 1% in the first quarter when compared to the same period in 2016. And our engineering and mechanical work force was down a combined 1100 employees or 5%. At the end of the quarter we had approximately 1650 TE&Y furloughs. We do expect those numbers to decline throughout the year as we look to the furlough pool first to backfill attrition. The active locomotive fleet was up 3% for the first quarter of 2017, primarily to help minimize the impact of weather related challenges and we had approximately 1400 locomotives in storage at the end of the first quarter. As always, we will continue to adjust our work force levels and equipment fleet as volume and network performance dictate. In addition to efficiently right-sizing our resource base, we continued realizing gains in other key productivity initiatives such as train size. Our persistent focus on productivity once again resulted in train size performance improvement as we achieved best ever quarterly results in our Automotive and manifest networks and first quarter records in our Intermodal and grain networks. To wrap up, despite some first quarter challenges, we expect to build positive momentum as we focus on critical initiatives that will drive improvement. First and foremost is safety where we expect our safety strategy will yield record results on our way to incident-free environment. And our balanced resource base puts us in tremendous position to leverage volume growth to the bottom line as we maintain our intense focus on productivity and efficiency across the network. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron A. Scott: Tom, I won't give you an exact figure, but there is plenty of headroom inside our network, almost across the board between our three regions for more train size opportunities and we will, on a case by case, lane by lane basis, take advantage of that.
Cameron A. Scott: Amit, I thought I heard you ask a question on CapEx and as we look forward on CapEx that's driven, you mentioned growth that's driven part by about a $2 billion spend to maintain a robust network and then the rest is about finding investments that have a reasonable and attractive return. Positive train control of course is in its last couple of years of significant investment. So that will start trailing off and we'll see what the future brings.
Cameron A. Scott: And, Lance, we've had a lot of practice over the past several years in bringing that locomotive fleet back to life. It's reliable. Doesn't require a lot of further investment and we've got a lot of headroom to bring on additional business without even thinking about new purchases.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, on the head count question, yeah, you're exactly right in what you pointed out in terms of the great productivity that we saw in the first quarter in the face of some of the challenges that we talked about. Full year, I mean, I'll just call you back to our guidance we've given, and that is head count will move with volume, but we obviously will achieve productivity along the way, so it won't be one-for-one, So, we stay away from giving a precise number, but rest assured, to achieve our objectives we're going to continue to drive productivity and it will be reflected in those numbers. In terms of the incremental margin, as we look out to achieve both our 60% OR guidance by 2019 and then, beyond that, our 55%, it's going to require incremental margins in the 50% to 60% range, and that's kind of how we think about it and that's what we're focused on.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: We didn't break that out, but I would just say a large portion of the $0.03 showed up on the revenue line.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. In the first quarter, our incremental margins as reported were about 35%. And if you adjust for the fuel, they were closer to like 65%. I didn't break out the impact of weather, but obviously that had a slight impact on that calculus. But those are the numbers as reported. And as I said earlier, to drive to our stated goals we need to be in the 50% to 60% range on an annualized basis to get from here to there and that's how we're focused. In terms of what will drive the incremental margins, what will drive the leverage, I would just say – you said volume's out of our control, somewhat that's true because we have to play the hand the economy deals us. But we also, as part of our G55+0 initiatives, are focused on developing business development opportunities where we can have some control over volume and obviously providing quality safe service to our customers is one of the key drivers to in fact encouraging volume growth on our railroad. So we view a lot of that as in our control and we're focused on driving quality volume, continuing to focus on providing quality service so we can price it right above inflation and continue our focus on productivity initiatives which we have been successfully delivering. You add all that up, that's what's going to get us from where we are to the 60% and ultimately to the 55%.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Beth can talk about the pricing, but I would just say from a yield and depending on how you're calculating the yield, Scott, I would just say that a large part of what we saw in terms of the overall yields and we don't break it out by commodity group as you may like us to as finitely. But I would just say that the mix impact of the significant volume growth year-over-year in Coal really did impact the reported mix numbers on the yield that you're I think referring to. In terms of the pricing dynamics, Beth.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: We're comfortable with the guidance we've given of that two times, but rest assured we're very focused on driving cash flow and that with higher cash flow we'll support higher levels of debt and that then supports higher levels of continued share repurchases. That's our focus.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, I would just reiterate that, Jeff, that that 15% is probably the best. Again, that's not how we build our capital plan. That's the best way to kind of think about how we're thinking about it. But I would also just to Lance's comments that we are pleased with the disciplined approach we've brought to the capital planning process. And, in fact, our $3.1 billion is down about $1.2 billion on an annualized basis from the last couple of years.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: If I can, Lance, just to remind everybody what those numbers are that we've said. There's approximately 60 new ones this year and then 40 in 2018 and that completes that long-term commitment.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Chris, you could probably write down my answer. That well could play out that way. I mean, you're right, we had a positive mix this quarter of 1%, as you're pointing out, largely driven by growth in Coal and sand. But we stay away from giving guidance on the mix because there's a lot of moving parts. And because we have such a diverse book of business, there's mix within mix in our varied business. But you're not thinking about it wrong. I mean, if those are the commodities that continue to strengthen relative to the rest of the base throughout the year, then that's not crazy thinking.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, I think it's a reasonable number to assume, Jason, both the 5% on labor and overall enterprise right around 3% for the full year.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: And, David, I have to just jump in here. This is Rob. We're actually – while we have every incentive, as Lance just commented on, and proud of the fact that everybody in our organization has 55% sort of on their mind, we're driving towards that. We are also proud, as the largest U.S. railroad to have the lowest operating ratio of the U.S. rails. That is something that we've worked hard at and are very proud of and we're going to continue that line of thinking to drive us to the 55%.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, this is Rob. We don't give guidance by quarter on operating ratio but, as a reminder, we are giving guidance that we expect to improve our operating ratio for the full year. But it never is a straight line. Volumes will dictate largely exactly what that cadence ends up being, but we're very focused on continuing to drive productivity. We talked about the pricing, a component of this being challenged in the first part of the year and hopefully improving later in the year. So, I wouldn't give you any indication that it would be a straight line. It could be lumpy, but the focus is the full year number.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Justin, this is Rob. Let me take a stab at that. And, as you know, we don't give specific precise guidance by commodity for the year, but I would just – as it relates to Coal. I would just remind you of some of the comments that Beth made earlier, and that is it feels stable to us. The things to watch in Coal, as always, will largely be what's happening with gas prices and what's happening with weather. That will dictate from quarter to quarter what's actually happening with volume. The other thing we did point out is that we do have an easier comp as we head into the second quarter as it relates to our overall volumes, including Coal, and if you look at our last year numbers, that kind of flips later in the year, the third quarter gets a little more challenging. So, I think I would expect, all things being constant, that you'll see some changes from quarter-to-quarter as it relates to year-over-year volume growth in the Coal line. Again, comps are easier in the second quarter and get challenged in the third quarter, and it feels like a stable environment for us.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Brian, this is Rob. That measure, and I kind of made this reference earlier in the Q&A, that RTM impact that you're referring to was largely driven in the first quarter by the upswing in the Coal volumes, and we're not going to give guidance in terms of how that's going to play out for the year because what will drive that is what's the mix of the volume that we, in fact, see come across the book.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. There's a lot of devil in the details on the tax proposals. We, like everyone, are staying in tuned and watching what happens on that. But, so, yeah, there could be some impact. I wouldn't envision that, depending on how the interest plays out, I wouldn't envision that would change our capital spending or our debt guidance that we've given. I wouldn't envision that that will be the result of any changes as it relates to the interest.
Elizabeth F. Whited: We are seeing ample truck capacity in the market as well as pretty significant pricing pressure in the Intermodal space. It has not abated as we've gone into April. As we think about the rest of the year, we certainly are expecting to see capacity tighten as electronic logbooks come into play, and so our expectation would be that you would start to see some rationalization of capacity and an opportunity for better pricing.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Okay. So, we are seeing substantial increases in demand in Texas, specifically in the Permian Basin. We'd mentioned that we were up 59% in the quarter. We were up almost 100% in the Permian Basin and we're up around 40% in Eagle Ford. We're seeing some spiking demand as well in the Niobrara, but not as substantial. I would say that that is sustaining and maybe even growing a little bit as we enter into the second quarter. And I don't see anything right now that changes that, so that's been a bright spot for us. You asked a question about mix. We are starting to see some local brown sand come into play, especially in the Permian. So, we're looking at something like 85% white sand, 15% brown sand. We expect the pie to continue to grow and it's possible over time brown sand will take up a larger piece of the pie, but still opportunity for us and we're participating in that market as much as we can.
Elizabeth F. Whited: We do view that as being pretty stable over the next year. You called out exactly the right factors that will impact it. Weather clearly will remain a factor and natural gas prices are really very key to keeping coal-generated electricity on the dispatch curve. So, with those couple of things in mind, we view it as being pretty stable over the horizon here.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, the pricing dynamics remain, as Rob just said, it's really quite competitive but the length of haul helped us both coming out of the PRB and going into Texas as well as the export volumes which did grow a bit for us in the first quarter.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah. So Union Pacific really doesn't have a crude oil franchise like some of the other railroads. So we will continue, I think, to be spot players as opportunities open up for arbitrage. So you might see a little move to California out of Canada. You might see a little bit move to the Gulf. But in terms of our core franchise lanes, I don't think that it's a big market for Union Pacific going forward.
Elizabeth F. Whited: I don't feel like anything about the competitive dynamic has significantly altered. We're competing every day with our direct competitor as well as all the other modes of transportation that are capable of handling the same sort of freight that we have. It feels a little more intense on the Intermodal side in the first quarter, perhaps, than what we had seen, but it's an ongoing competitive situation that we are engaged in playing.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Like we said before, if other things are up 2% to 3% then you're obviously having some pressure in other places to get to the 1% overall. So, we are very focused on what's going to happen with capacity as you move towards the end of the year and the electronic log books come into place, because we do think you'll see some rationalization at that time, providing an opportunity for pricing to improve in that truckload space. But that's not the only thing that we're focused on. We want to make sure that we have a great product that's very competitive, so that as more freight wants to move away from the highway and onto rail, we're standing there ready to deliver it to our customers in the manner that they expect.
Elizabeth F. Whited: I would say certainly there's no percentage in it for us if we don't all win together. So, our goal is certainly to have a viable competitive product that enables all the people who are part of that supply chain to participate in a manner that makes sense to them from a business perspective.
Elizabeth F. Whited: No, the ELDs come into play in late 2017. The requirement gets hardened. I think you just have to see, depending on bid cycles and other things, where you start to see the impact of that. Hard to predict.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, so we have about 40% of the business that's in longer term deals with escalators of one sort or another on them. We also do expect to see, based on market conditions that we've been talking about this morning, some improvement as we get towards the end of the year. Obviously, volume helps us, improvements in our customers' ability to get price in their markets, an improving economy helps us and volume can be our friend as well.
Elizabeth F. Whited: I don't see us coming back to that sort of a peak in 2017. No. We do see good investments happening and we feel positive about what's happening in those markets, but I don't think we'll get back to peak levels soon.
Elizabeth F. Whited: So, we do not access the export facility in Vancouver that's being referenced in the most recent discussions about access. The coal that we export off the West Coast is hitting locations in California.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah, I wouldn't call that a share play. We saw really strong demand for wheat, stronger than we've seen in a while, for export largely to Mexico, as well as good corn movements in the world markets. So, not a share issue, I wouldn't say.
Elizabeth F. Whited: The domestic and international Intermodal are both under pricing pressure. I would say we saw perhaps an acceleration of the pricing pressure in the domestic Intermodal space in the first quarter. Again, depending on what happens in those markets and what happens as we see the tightening capacity that we expect with electronic log books will really be the things that will determine what ends up happening overall with your pricing for the year.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Okay on the softwood lumber, we really feel like those tariffs were priced in, where you saw a very significant run-up in the lumber prices in the first quarter. So, that doesn't feel like that's going to be impactful in terms of volume to us. And then, on the Intermodal side in terms of the alliances, that is still shaking itself out in terms of port usage and who's calling where and what size of ship and those sorts of things. Right now, it seems to be going pretty well. We're not seeing any significant disruptions. Feels like the process is playing out well. As you know, there is more capacity coming online in Canada later in the year. I would expect that a large amount of that could be utilized for Canadian shipping needs. So, we're not really expecting to see significant shifts at this point, but we'll have to see how it plays out and it will be wedded with the alliances.
