John J. Koraleski: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today here in Omaha are Rob Knight, our CFO; Eric Butler, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Lance Fritz, Executive Vice President of Operations. This morning, we're pleased to announce that Union Pacific achieved record first quarter financial results, leveraging the strengths of our diverse franchise despite significantly weaker coal and grain markets. Earnings of $2.03 per share increased 13% compared to 2012. We efficiently managed our operations in the face of dynamic volume shifts across our network as evidenced by our record first quarter operating ratio and customer satisfaction results. Putting it all together, it translates into greater financial returns for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob. While there is still much uncertainty in the year ahead our diverse franchise does really support our continued focus on profitable growth opportunities. We continued to pursue evolving business development prospects supported by our value proposition and the efficiencies that rail transportation provides. We're also well positioned for upside, but we are just as prepared if our environment should take a turn for the worse. We remain committed to providing safe, efficient, reliable service for our customers to drive greater customer value, and increase shareholder returns in the future. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
John J. Koraleski: Scott, when you look at the pricing of our coal overall, there was some legacy impact from prior contracts that have been settled, and there was also -- that's the normal escalations that we have in our new contracts going forward. There were some incremental fuel surcharge. There was a little bit of liquidated damages, but not very much. So that's really it.
John J. Koraleski: Hey, Scott, let me take you back to our past comments, which is, as we take our prices up, there are some business is that's going to fall away from the railroad because it doesn't meet our reinvestable standards. And so we saw some of that. So we were taking some prices up, we've got some new business in highway conversions and we lost some business that needed our reinvestability threshold.
John J. Koraleski: Rob, one other thing to note and we mentioned it in our commentary, headcount will also flux with CapEx and with mix shift to manifest.
John J. Koraleski: Bill, actually, overall, we have seen customers start to make the shift back from natural gas to coal. The bigger problem right at the moment is there's not much demand for electricity or the demand for electricity is softer. So even though we've actually seen some customers start shifting back and taking more coal, we have not seen a substantial increase in coal shipments yet.
John J. Koraleski: It's really largely dependent on which customers grow, and what areas and how those kind of play themselves out.
John J. Koraleski: And Walter, when Eric talks about the 10 million opportunity, that does not include another 2.5 million to 3 million trucks that moves back and forth between Mexico and the United States. And as you know, we're building a new Intermodal facility down in Santa Teresa to really target that Northern Mexico, the maquiladoras and those kinds of things, which will hopefully make a dent in that 2.5 million to 3 million unit opportunity as well.
John J. Koraleski: That's a very difficult issue, and sometimes, you just -- I was surprised actually that we don't have the power to even put a stop sign up without getting the approval of local authorities, and sometimes, they just say no. So there are some pretty significant obstacles out there towards changing driver behavior and getting everybody on the same page as we are as to how important this is.
John J. Koraleski: Plus, we had our maintenance programs were very heavy in the first quarter, that was planned. Those are now starting to be completed and some additional capacity projects coming on as we go through the year with capital, and each one of those adds a margin of fluidity and improvement in our variability.
John J. Koraleski: There are some things, Keith, that we have kind of scaled back given the volumes that we're seeing and in the way the economy is running like for instance, the double tracking of the Sunset Corridor, where we're 70% done with that and -- but we're pacing it a little differently to watch in terms of the volume, but long-term potential is the ability to take that from 55 trains a day to 90, which would be a huge step forward for us. We have the Mississippi River bridge that we're continuing to work on, that is a key bottleneck that would be eliminated as we go through that project. In the Blair -- we have a Blair cutoff that is not order of magnitude, that big, but anything that would save 3 to 4 hours of transit time on the trains that go through our Central Corridor to Chicago eventually helps the bottom line enormously.
John J. Koraleski: But if you look, Keith, like in our cement business, I think it was up about 6% in the first quarter. Our plastics business, which include things like PVC pipe and those kinds of things that they're using in housing construction were also up in the first quarter. So we are seeing the residual impact that goes along with the incremental lumber.
John J. Koraleski: Right now, we are expecting the Intermodal peak to be stronger than last year. The order of magnitude is -- we're not sure we'll get it, really depends a lot -- bidding season is just coming in right now for a lot of those international contracts between the retailers and the ocean carriers and things like that, so there's still a lot to be determined in terms of how that'll play out for the summer.
John J. Koraleski: John, when we look at business opportunities at a high level and at a specific level, we're really focused on the reinvestability of the business, our ability to provide good, efficient, safe and consistent service for that customer. And then we deal with it on that basis in terms of the acquisition or whether we take on the business or not. We don't really think about it in terms of the operating ratio. But I will turn that over to Rob in terms of broader discussion of the key measures.
John J. Koraleski: Well, great. Thanks so much for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you again in July.
Eric L. Butler: Tom, there are couple of factors. We've said previously, crude-by-rail provides a great value proposition to the producers in terms of agility, in terms of being able to get to destinations that they previously couldn't get to. So all of that -- those value factors remain. Certainly, if the price of oil goes to levels, pick a number, below 70s, mid-60s, that's going to impact the amount of production, which, as the total production numbers come down, the total numbers that will go crude-by-rail will come down. So that clearly will have an impact if price of oil goes down. In terms of the spreads, we're probably less concerned about the spreads narrowing. Again, as the value proposition we've talked several times in the past publicly with crude-by-rail that, again, gets you to destinations, allows -- the producers flexibility and agility. So we think that even if the spreads get to some narrow -- some low single-digit numbers, there are still a value proposition for crude by rail. The biggest factor is if crude production goes down, then certainly, that impacts us.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. We said, we don't really talk about specific customer agreements. What I would say that you can look at is the fact that the destination providers and the origin producers, they're investing huge dollar amounts of capital to do crude-by-rail, both in terms of freight cars and facilities. So that should be a comforting indicator in terms of their long-term commitment to crude-by-rail.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. As I mentioned, in a couple of select markets, there were some competitive select markets that had some volume reductions and...
Eric L. Butler: If -- this is Eric. If you look back at last year this time, coal market share of electrical generation was down in the low 30% -- it's probably 32%, 33%, 34%. Today, it's about 40%. So clearly coal has regained market share at 4, 4.20 natural gas. As Jack said, the demand for overall electrical generation is still down as the economy is still coming back. And we're in shelf months in terms of weather patterns. So both of those are impacting the overall electrical demand.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So the numbers haven't come out for the latest month. But as of the numbers that came out in March, they still showed overall for the whole country, 11 days above normal. There's probably some pretty wide swings in that number between Eastern utilities and Western utilities. I would expect a large number of the utilities in our serving area are putting -- getting pretty close to normal. There are probably some that are below normal because they've taken some aggressive inventory actions. So I would expect that we can see next month as the number come out, you'll see some pretty normal and may even perhaps below normal inventory numbers.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I don't really see a huge change for the coal-centric utilities. They're still -- it's in their best interest to burn coal, and they're in essence competing against the natural gas-centric utilities. And so they're going to get their burn patterns up and they need a certain run rate to protect their burn pattern, to protect against outages. So I don't see a significant shift in what has been historical normal inventory patterns for coal-centric utilities.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So when we talk about mix, we're talking about the mix of Southern Powder River Basin coal, Colorado/Utah coal, export coal, et cetera. And so if you look at some of the places where there are volume -- volume reductions, we've had positive mix in other areas because of some of the new Southern Powder River Basin coal opportunity that we have.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, Chris, the contract that we've spoken about previously was about 5 percentage points on the volume.
Eric L. Butler: And again, as we've talked in the past about our pricing calculations, certain things may not come up in our pricing calculations, but they will show in improved margins as repriced business that those volumes come back, you'll see that in our margins even if you don't see it in our pricing calculation.
Eric L. Butler: Walter, I guess I'm not necessarily sure I'm tracking why a longer length of haul should result in fewer opportunity. We actually think the opposite that longer length of haul should result in more opportunities. The current total size of our Intermodal book of business is about 3 million units a year, closely equally divided between domestic and international. We size the domestic attainable market opportunity, and we talked about this in Dallas, I think, last fall. We size that as somewhere around 10 million units. Now, not all of that will be easy to convert. If you look at customers, there's a stratification of large, mid-sized and smaller customers. The large customers, the Walmarts, the Targets of the world, they are very intermodal centric already because they see the benefits of Intermodal. They could tune their supply chains to Intermodal. If you go to the mid-sized and smaller customers, we certainly -- that's the target rich environment, and we're working aggressively to sell the value of Intermodal to them, and some of that requires them to tune their supply chains a little differently, but that's the market opportunity, the business development opportunity, and frankly, why we're so excited about the future potential.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, if you look at last year, Cheryl, the USDA said last year was going to be 1 of the 5 best years in all of history, and then we know what happened. So I take forecast with a grain of salt that this time of the year simply because so much of it is weather dependent. As Jack said, it appears to be a great start in our growing season, nice moisture in our key breadbaskets, we're all excited about that. We're not out of the woods yet, and we do need it to continue. And you not only need it certainly for the spring planting season, but you also need moisture in the critical parts of the heat of the summer. So there's a long tail left before we can feel comfortable about the predictions of what will happen in the harvest at the late -- latter part of the year.
Eric L. Butler: Great question. We're excited about the housing improvement finally. It -- housing is actually running ahead of the original Global Insight estimates, and I think the housing or the lumber producers are pretty positive about the trends that they're seeing and the housing start numbers that they're seeing. Housing, in addition to impacting lumber, it's also going to impact our Intermodal business. As you know, once homes are built, you have to furnish them. And so both on the International Intermodal business and the Domestic Intermodal business, we think that housing will have an impact on that. We think housing will also have an impact on ancillary business like our steel wheel book rebar business, which goes into construction. Our cement business, our cement business, we think that that will strengthen as housing strengthen. So all of those are things that will go as housing goes.
Eric L. Butler: No. I've been around here long enough. I remember when housing was regularly 1.7 million, 1.8 million starts a year, so even though we're back up to around 970 off a low of -- below 600, 970 still feels low to me. So I will feel like it's back regular normal when it gets above 1.3, 1.4, 1.5.
Eric L. Butler: What I was talking about International Intermodal is that as housing starts increase, you need to furnish the homes, and so we do see a trend between International Intermodal upswing as housing start improves, that was the connection that I was making. Last year, what we said was that it was a muted peak season. I think we used those words last year. It's early in the year, and it's -- at this point in the year, what happens, and peak will determine on the economic conditions, consumer confidence, retail sales, all of those things will determine kind of what happens in peak volumes.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, so good question. To start with, we -- as we look at our Intermodal network, we are actually proud of the fact, we go to many more places than our competitor in the West in terms of our franchise, in terms of origin destination points where we have service, too. And that's really the power of the diversity of our franchise. We just get to and from many more places than the customer base. A large portion of the customer base does see value in that. Having said that, for the places where we do compete head to head, we kind of assess where we are very regularly. And we are pleased that in most of the places where we compete head to head, we think our service is as good or materially better, and the majority of the places where we compete head to head. There are a couple of places where our competitor has a slight advantage, and we are continuing to put initiatives and strategies in place to ensure that we have the best service in the industry.
Eric L. Butler: Excuse me, you're asking a question that I don't think I can answer because the question I just gave you was terminating or originating trains per day on crude, and the trains per day in the network I look at as inventory. So I really can't answer your question the way you've asked it.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Ken, just kind of reiterate what both Eric and I talked about. Keep in mind, as I think you know, the coal falloff that we saw year-over-year in the first quarter being down 19%. Last year, you recall, we sort of hit the trough on coal, so we do have clearly an easier comp on coal as we head into the second quarter. But as Eric mentioned, we do envision that the Ag drought will continue certainly through the second quarter, and we estimate that's going to be down in the, call it, low double digits, which is a little bit worse year-over-year, if you will, compared to what we saw last year. So when you add it all up, the guidance that we're giving is -- assuming all the other markets remain about constant with what we saw in the first quarter, that feels flattish to us. But full year, again, if the economy continues to cooperate, which thus far it is, all of those things will sort of neutralize, if you will, when we get to back half of the year. We think at the end of the day, at the end of the year, we'll have volumes that, overall, on a positive side of the ledger.
Robert M. Knight: Ken, this is Rob. Let me take the first point, and you asked about the settlements in the Coal line. There's a little bit in there. We're not calling out precisely what it is. But it's a little bit of an impact on the ARC and the coal. And in terms of the other pricing discussions, we don't break out by -- we don't talk about pricing on particular arrangements or agreements. So Ken, I'm not sure what your question was.
Robert M. Knight: Ken, this is Rob again. I mean, the impact on the Autos ARC of that new agreement, it's a 50-50 [ph] in that number. So clearly, it's deflated [ph], if you will, the ARC number. But that pacer agreement, as I think, everybody is aware, as previously announced, is really kind of a neutralizing effect. I mean, it's showing up both on the revenue and expense line, but it doesn't change the full year economics to us, the bottom line. But there is a positive impact that's showing up in that ARC number on the Autos line. And you will see that, full year.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. We are continuing to see strength in our Domestic Intermodal business at the minute [ph]. I think I mentioned our conversion strategy is going well. We're continuing to price with the market, and we're continuing to be pleased with the performance in that business.
Robert M. Knight: Ken, this is Rob. If I can just make one clarifying point on the Pacer questions you asked. I said that the Autos ARC reflected that this new agreement, but it's not reflected in our 4% core pricing number that we report. That's not -- that doesn't factor anything related in that number.
Robert M. Knight: Scott, if I can just make one comment. The ARC number that we reported in the first quarter for -- in addition to the comments that Jack just mentioned, there is the mix effect in there. So that -- again, if you look at our overall pricing as an enterprise, we report a 4% price. And as I mentioned in my comments, it's hindered somewhat by the lack of volume in coal. But if you're searching [indiscernible], we don't break it out by commodities what the pricing actually was. But it is appropriate to take into consideration that the ARC number we reported in coal did have some mixed effect in it.
Robert M. Knight: It will depend upon the mix. Again, what we're looking at overall in our pricing is to be inflation plus kind of pricing overall, and that's how we approach the business overall. But when you look any individual commodity groups ARC, you can get swings either way depending on the mix of traffic that we move that quarter.
Robert M. Knight: The way we -- the guidance that we've given on the head -- let's me start with the headcount question first. Overall headcount for the year, we would expect to float with volume. So again, our projection is that, assuming the economy cooperates, that our volume will be on the positive side of ledger. So the way I would look at it is that we expect volume to be up year-over-year, but not necessarily 1:1 because there is certainly productivity savings we will achieve throughout the year. On the cost side, the way I think I would guide you to look at, the way I would expect cost to flow through is we think our labor inflation is going to be around 3%. There were some timing issues that resulted in it being flat, you're right, this quarter end, a previous couple of quarters. But probably the right way to look at it is expect that, that inflation on the wage lines would be around 3% going forward.
Robert M. Knight: There could be lots of factors. Obviously, volume overall will play a part in there. But that particular item that we saw in the first quarter will repeat throughout the year.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Bill, I mean, as we've said before, we haven't changed our approach. We don't look at just debt-to-cap because we use that as one of the measures that we talk publicly about. We look at all the measures. But where it all starts is we're focus on generating the cash, to begin with. We'll continue then to deploy the cash by making investments in capital projects where we're confident the returns there. We expect [ph] the 30% payout on the dividends, so we would expect that as earnings continue to grow, we expect the dividends to continue to grow along with it. And then we will continue to be opportunistic on the share repurchase activities that, in fact, we've been deploying for the last X number of years. So in terms of when you add it all up, Bill, as you've heard me say before, we are still comfortable in that 40s -- low 40s debt-to-cap ratio. That's not how we drive our business, but that's the kind of resulting measure that we are still very comfortable with it.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Bill, compared to sort of normal run rates, which is always the elusive part of that calculation, we call it about 0.5 point of price that did not materialize, had the higher levels of coal volume moved under those repriced contracts. So we reported 4% core price had it been sort of normal run rates of volumes in the coal world on those repriced contracts, it would've looked more like 4.5.
Robert M. Knight: I think -- and, Rob, in our comments, we kind of indicated -- we said flat to slightly increase from the second quarter with the easier comps. The fundamental issue really is going to come down to the overall demand, and then how competitive coal will be against the natural gas. So you need the economy to come back strong. You need the large steel mills to start using electrical generation. You need normal weather patterns in the summer. And as all of those things happen, you'll see the demand for electricity go up. And again, as I said, current natural -- current coal market share has grown back to 40%. It will never get back to the 50%, that it historically was, but it's better than the low-30s. So I haven't seen that Peabody outlook. But my guess is that they're expecting normal weather patterns and continued economic growth in the economy to drive electrical demand.
Robert M. Knight: It's always difficult to predict what normal is. But we are assuming, as Eric said, the positive news of coal being a greater market share. We do have the easier comp. And if volumes materialize, we would hope to see that in our margins on that business that we've repriced. So I guess I would say that we are looking at things to be more normal as we look out for the balance of the year.
Robert M. Knight: Of course, as you know, we're getting still the benefit in 2013 of 50% bonus depreciation. So, which is what it was last year. So that is not a huge driver in 2013. But starting in 2014, we'll start to feel the impact of -- assuming there's no bonus depreciation beyond '13, we'll start to feel more of an impact. There's a slight benefit this year when you add it all up.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Tom, we don't give the bottom line, but I'll give you the top line. It represents about 10% of our business levels currently, and it's been growing nicely the last several years across the board. The mix of the commodities has been growing at a pace greater than our overall volumes have been growing.
Robert M. Knight: Miscellaneous transactions. I don't -- I wouldn't call anything out in particular that was driving that. That's relatively -- the balance would represent a relatively normal run rate for us.
Robert M. Knight: Jason, I mean, you've heard me say this over the years. I mean, it's not an end game, it's the next target that we've put out there, not unlike when we set the original 75% target. We got there as efficiently as we could and got there a little early. Then we set the low 70s, got there as efficiently as we could and got there a little early. We hope to get to this -- the previous sub 67% earlier as we mentioned last fall, and I'd say the same -- make the same comment about the sub 65%. So we're going to get there the same way we're going from where we are today to the sub 65% is the same way we got from the high 80s down to where we are today. And that is efficient safe operations, leveraging productivity, providing great service to our customers allows us to price it fairly. Fuel can obviously be a whipsaw on us, depending on what fuel does in terms in the calculation on the operating ratio. But I would just take comfort that we're going to -- that our assumption is a normal economy. If the economy cooperates and fuel prices are normal, if you will, and we're going to go after it as efficiently and as quickly as we can.
Robert M. Knight: I mean, we don't get into that level of detail other than I would say, it's sort of a normal. I mean, we certainly think that Powder River Basin Coal is here to stay perhaps at lower levels than what we historically experienced, but our assumption is that it's sort of a normal from here on out if you will.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. We do not expect to see that kind of run rate for the year. There was some nominal impact of shifts from the East Coast, but very small. The bigger factor frankly was the timing of the Chinese Lunar New Year this year versus last year, and there was some advanced shipping because of that, that was probably the larger impact. Plus we did see an impact -- inventories were pretty thin after the holiday season last year. And you did see an impact of inventory catch-up by -- in January.
Robert M. Knight: As we indicated in some previous discussions, I'd be careful using a run rate of ARC because mix can have such an impact on that, up or down. So again, we're going to aggressively go after providing the good service and repricing where we can, but the ARC number can move on you.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. John, I mean I get your point. And I would say that we set operating ratio target out there just as a way of kind of speaking in our organization as setting our mind towards making financial improvement. But at the end of today, it's focused on returns. So we know we still got room to go in improving our operating ratio, which will improve our earnings, which improves our cash, which if we do all the investments correctly, improves our returns. So they all kind of go together. But at the end of the day, it's the improving our returns.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. So I mean, the result of the study was elongated, if you will, the depreciation on those assets, combine that with the fact that we're running a fewer gross ton miles, resulted in a lower depreciation rate than what we've previously experienced.
Robert M. Knight: Mix is always a factor in that particular calculation when you look at car loading sequentially and the expense going forward. So I guess I would say that take the guidance that we've given you in terms of the components as best you can as best way of looking at it rather than trying to calculate that particular sequential relationship.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. Off the top of my head, I do not have the detail on how that splits out between the 2. I can tell you that we do have sized opportunities on both. I would say they're probably more on the domestic side. But we've got plenty of train size opportunity both sides.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So again, that depends very much on the length that the opportunity show up in. But just giving you an aggregate sense, I think we've averaged, what, 170 units a train in the first quarter, and most of our lanes could probably handle 250 plus/minus units. Again, very dependent on where it shows up and lanes specific.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, sure. Excellent question. And just to predicate, this is an extremely frustrating statistic for us. We've been working very hard on impacting the trend for the past several years particularly down in Texas. The short answer on how disruptive, it varies, but generally speaking, it's a couple hours of downtime as the accident gets investigated and cleaned up. So they are -- they have an impact. It's variability. It's not same order of magnitude typically as a derailment. And in terms of when can we start moving the needle on the number, I'm telling you we're doing everything in our power right now to try to impact that number. As we look at it in large aggregate, we're about on top of last year's statistics. They're pretty volatile. So what you saw in the first quarter is a little degradation. But in general, absolute number, we're a bit worse but trying to navigate on top of last year's number. It involves a lot of things like an audit and blitz of our railroad to find where the risk is. The risk moves and grows rapidly with development of industry around us and in engaging the local authorities to care as deeply about the issue as we do to impact driver behavior. So there's a lot of activity going on there.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. It is starting to look better. The actions that I mentioned in my comments regarding utilizing fluid routes, terminals, making sure we adjusted our resources rapidly, that made a difference in the tail end of March, and we're looking much more favorable in the South right now in the first few weeks of this quarter.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So we've got some new capacity and commercial facility spending, that will have some impact. We've got a very large facility in Santa Teresa. It includes an Intermodal ramp that we think is going to really aid what Jack talked about in terms of cross-border truck traffic and conversion to Intermodal, plus a fueling facility. We've got some excellent work going on in terms of more fluid operations to our crude oil destinations. We should see benefits of that over the years. We've got capacity that's being spent up in the northern tier of our network, as well as in Texas to enable incremental, more fluid frac sand movement. We've really got it spread all over the railroad, largely concentrated in Texas from Louisiana, but there are key projects all over the railroad that are unlocking critical pieces of capacity for us.
Lance M. Fritz: In the total network, boy, varies by day a week and moment in time. But for instance, right now, we probably have 820 trains on our network.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. We're picking up some auto rack. We're picking up some food-grade covered hoppers. we're picking up a handful of other types. Some...
