John J. Koraleski: Thank you, Rob and good morning everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Lance Fritz, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we're pleased to report that Union Pacific achieved third quarter earnings of $1.53 per share, an increase of 23% compared to the third quarter of 2013 and another quarterly record. Total volumes were up 7% and the increases were nearly across the board. We saw growth in 5 of our 6 business groups with particular strength in Agricultural Products, Industrial Products and our Intermodal shipments. Coming out of the first half, we were pleased to see the strong volume growth continue through the third quarter. These strong volumes along with solid core pricing drove a 2.5-point improvement in our operating ratio to a record 62.3% for the quarter. And as we continue to focus on improving our service, we are encouraged by the accomplishments that we achieved in the quarter. So with that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
John J. Koraleski: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Well, as you've heard from the team today, we're feeling pretty good about the remainder of the year. Assuming that the economy and weather cooperate, we are well positioned to finish up the year with record results. We continue to see tremendous opportunity across our diverse franchise and we remain focused on improving our network velocity and fluidity so that we can leverage these opportunities by safely providing our customers with excellent service and our shareholders with strong returns. So with that, we're going to go ahead and open up the line for your questions.
John J. Koraleski: Brandon, I am not convinced that merging is the way you solve service issues in this industry. And particularly right now, I don't think mergers make sense and I still believe that. I think, when you look ahead to the regulatory hurdles that are out there, the STB, the new rules basically say that any combination is going to have to enhance competition as opposed to the past when it was just maintain competition. And secondly, that they will consider the triggering effects of additional consolidations. So that really does add a whole layer of concern for me as I think about the prospects of future mergers. So I'm not a fan and I really don't believe that's the best way to fix the service situation.
John J. Koraleski: When we come across bottlenecks, we work really hard with our interline partners to solve them. And I don't see that merging is the way to eliminate bottlenecks.
John J. Koraleski: I would just add to that, John. The trade-off of a 10% down on our oil business but a 39% increase on the frac sand business is pretty darn attractive to us.
John J. Koraleski: David, I actually feel pretty good about our positioning right at the moment. And I'm not backing down from the 195,000 to 200,000 kind of a range. Our capital spending on infrastructure has been excellent. Our railroad is really in the best shape it's been in, in a long time. We are adding crews I think, as you've seen in the presentation today, pretty aggressively here in the last quarter of the year and actually even into the first couple of months of next year. Our locomotive take for this year is solid and we're protected for next year. And I like all of that. We're running the 100,000 -- between 190,000 and 195,000 cars a week, week-to-week, and we are continuing to see improvement in our internal measures and our velocity and things like that. So I feel good about the fact that we're getting better even at these very strong volumes. And I think I'd stay in that 195,000 to 200,000. I think we'll be okay.
John J. Koraleski: You know Bill, I don't think about my opportunities as diminishing. As I look ahead for the next 4, 5, 6 years, and we'll talk about this more on November 5, I think the Union Pacific franchise is loaded with opportunities. And I think Eric and his team are doing an outstanding job of business development. Part of our capital investment strategy, like Santa Teresa, part of it in terms of the announcement we made about moving ahead with a new facility in Robertson County down in Texas. All that's focused on growth and development. There's still huge potential for us in Mexico. I'll stop. I'll let Eric...
John J. Koraleski: I think 2 things, Bill. One is you're right. I think we believe that our franchise has greater opportunities than that. And number two is it's not just about market and inflation. It's also about the value that you provide for the customer. How do you differentiate your service package, the options that you provide customers, the relationships that you build with them. And we think that gives us an edge.
John J. Koraleski: I think, Tom, that's not a bad assessment. Having been the poster child of what not to do in 2003, '04, '05, it feels better that we're where we are at the moment. But I do think, when you look across the rail industry, you're seeing incredibly strong capital investment. Almost uniformly across every property. You see operating teams that are experienced, that are working diligently to get these things working. There's a lot of interline activity between carriers that's looking at improving service and things like that. So I think it'll -- while there are some similarities to that, I'm hopeful that you're going to see a quicker return to kind of a more normal velocity than what we saw back in those days.
John J. Koraleski: If you look at it, Tom, it hasn't changed very much over the years. About 30% is in tariff, about 30% is in one-year letter quotes. But those all come up and due at different times during the year. So I think you kind of stick with what Eric told you.
John J. Koraleski: I don't think that, that's a max for us, Ken. I think we have potential even beyond those numbers. It really does depend. I don't know, Lance, why don't you take a shot at it.
John J. Koraleski: Nor do we think it's going to take anything more than what we've stated, which is a 16% to 17% of revenue kind of capital trend to keep us ahead of that game.
John J. Koraleski: That's really hard for us to tell right now, Scott. So I got to tell you, the BNSF is a great railroad. And they're going to come back, and they're going to come back strong. So we have seen some opportunities, probably the strongest we've seen have been in grain and in Intermodal, but those can move back very quickly. And our goal is to impress those customers with our value proposition and doing business with Union Pacific such that when the competition is stronger than what they are today, they won't think about shifting back. But it is a tough competitive marketplace out there and we recognize we will have to compete.
John J. Koraleski: I think overall, Rob, we're not going to give specific pricing guidance on that. I think we'll have to just wait and see how the business materializes and hopefully it's going to continue to be positive.
John J. Koraleski: I wouldn't say all of the above. First thing we're focused on is crews. There are other constraints but crews is the primary one right now.
John J. Koraleski: Matt, we evaluate our marketing strategy constantly. And up until this point in time, we continue to see IMCs as our primary carrier in the marketplace. We think that model is solid and we are working very hard to work together with our IMC customers to improve service and to help them succeed in their marketplace. I don't know, Eric, do you have anything to add to that? Okay.
John J. Koraleski: Great. Thanks, Rob, and thank you all for joining us on the call today. I was going to say we look forward to speaking with you in January, but hopefully we'll see you November 5 in Chicago at our meeting. And if not, again, we'll see you when we wrap up the year in January. Thanks so much.
Christian Wetherbee: Maybe just a question on pricing. I want to get a rough sense of sort of how you think about the pricing environment, particularly when you're looking out to 2015. Obviously, volumes are sort of getting back up towards previous peak levels. Just kind of want to get a rough sense about how you feel about that and a potential re-acceleration, if we could see one, in 2015 up from about the 2.5% you've been doing the last couple of quarters.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay, that is helpful. And then if I could just ask a follow-up question, specifically as it pertains to Intermodal. You've had some fairly strong results on the Intermodal side. Just want to get a rough sense, maybe if we can parse out is there-- how we think about sort of the core business and then the competitive potential opportunities that maybe you've seen over the course of this year. And maybe if it's just sort of a mix dynamic that's playing into that Intermodal average revenue per car. Just want to get a sense of how that is trending because it seems to be a bit of a standout.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay. And the fourth quarter, that's sort of the same dynamic, potentially, with international being a little bit maybe softer and then the domestic side continuing to do what it's been doing.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, Jack, you're right. We've said in the past that as demand strengthens, we see our ability and our strong value proposition to continue to allow us to take price and we're excited about the future opportunities.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I think we've been saying the whole year, talking about our new products and services, and as we're rolling out our new products and services, it's really driving our value proposition and our ability to convert truck, particularly long-haul truck, to the rail. And again, that value proposition continues to allow us to price to market and strengthen our prices and it's just a continuation of the trend that we've had.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. As you know, there's always kind of a cycle throughout the year in terms of the volumes quarter-to-quarter, and we expect that cycle throughout the year to be similar this year as it was previous year. But given that, yes, we see our strong value proposition and the trend to continue.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, John, as we've said in the past, our strategy is to strengthen our franchise to provide optionality between origins and destinations. We're still doing that. We're heading down that path. As you know, we don't control the flows. The spreads are going to drive that and the price of oil is going to drive that. In terms of the Canadian perspective, I certainly think that as oil goes to $85, $80, the Canadian heavies probably have more headwinds than they do at $100 or $110 price of oil. So those are all factors that will go into our crude oil opportunities in the future.
Eric L. Butler: As you know, and as we've said in the past, we're continuing to put new products and services in the marketplace. I think we spoke at the last quarter about some of the new premium services that we put in the marketplace between Chicago and the West Coast and the TMNW [ph]. And so we certainly saw a benefit from putting those new products and services in the marketplace. We're going to continue to look at opportunities to do that, and we expect to continue to drive growth across our Intermodal book of business, including our premium business.
Eric L. Butler: Jason, we operate in a very competitive environment and lots of competitive options. And getting price is always difficult, but we believe we have a value proposition and we are going forward in selling our value proposition and gaining a price for it.
Eric L. Butler: The only other thing I would add, and again, Jack and Rob said we'll talk more about this at the Investor Day, if you think about the shale play and the lower energy prices in this country, there is really a resurgence of activity, business activity, investment activity, manufacturing activity. And we see that continuing to be just a strong propellant for growth in the future. I mean, talking about price, using price to grow is not even in our vernacular at this point.
Eric L. Butler: So we've said in the past, Tom, that at any one given period of time, roughly 70% of our book of business is tied up in contracts of a year and longer. We're rolling those over at -- all the time. So I think that's a good rule of thumb to continue to use.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So last year was a record corn harvest and a good soybean harvest. This year, all indications is that it's going to be another record corn harvest. I think last year was 13.9 billion bushels. This year might be -- I think the estimates are 14.4 billion bushels. And likewise, soybeans I think are going to be up close to 4 billion bushels, which would be a record. The delay that's occurring is really the delay of farmers harvesting in the field, it's not a transportation supply chain delay. Variety of reasons for that. Some parts of the country, it's been wetter than usual. Other parts of the country, the farmers are making the decisions in terms of when they want to bring their product to market. So a variety of reasons for that. So we expect this record harvest to still -- record corn harvest to still be ahead of us in terms of harvesting and the farmers looking to put that into the supply chain, the transportation process.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, the crude reductions for us have been the Bakken to the Gulf and Louisiana. And if you look at the flows of the Bakken crude, that is flowing east and west and not north and south. And one of the reasons it's not flowing north and south is that there's such huge production of crude in Texas, in the basins in Texas, that it's predominantly moving by pipeline to the refineries. We have some spot rail moves but predominantly by pipeline. There really is not a need to move the Bakken crude to Texas. So that's the dynamic that we're seeing.
Eric L. Butler: So we don't give kind of percentages of contracts versus public by individual business segment. But we are focused, again, on our value proposition. We're focused on the demand, the strong demand that's going on in that marketplace and we are pricing it appropriately. If you look at that marketplace, there's huge new production coming online, of sand facilities in Wisconsin and Minnesota. We're excited about our franchise and the ability that we're giving the disproportionate amount of that new production on our line, which we think is a great opportunity for us in the future. So we think that as long as the drilling continues and oil prices sustain drilling, we have nice growth opportunity ahead of us in the future.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, as you know, Allison, that there's huge number of new capacity coming online. A lot of that will come online in '16 or '17. Those were the plans. But as long as natural gas kind of remains where it is, in the $3.75 range, it's going to be a huge financial incentive for those projects to go forward. There's been public reports of some spot shortages of skilled laborers. As far as we could tell, it's not significant or material to the timetable of any of those projects.
Eric L. Butler: As Jack said, the BNSF is a tough competitor. I think they have publicly stated in different forums that next year, the full year, will be a full recovery year for them. We see them working hard to recover and I would not be surprised to see them recovering in different parts of their markets as you go through the year and they will continue to be a strong competitor.
Eric L. Butler: So, Walter, great question. The market is aware and we are aware of the difficulties that are occurring right now in the Port of L.A., Long Beach. They are experiencing backups. A variety of reasons for that. Probably some of it is due to some of the labor uncertainty with the West Coast ILWU workers. Some of it's probably related to the fact that you have larger ships going into the terminals and they're dwelling longer as they're trying to unload those ships. Part of it is due to the fact that as the alliances, the steamship alliances, are changing. It's having different impacts on different terminals within the Port of L.A. and Port of Long Beach. So a variety of issues. Those issues, frankly, are impacting some of our transportation operations. We're doing some things creatively to overcome those. But if you look at it, the Port of L.A., Long Beach is still such a huge driver of West Coast imports. It's unlikely to see significant long-term material diversions. Last month, September, the Port of L.A., Long Beach, hit volume levels that they hadn't seen since probably '06 or '07. So they're seeing huge volume growth. There might be some nominal diversions to some other ports, whether up or down the U.S. West Coast or in Canada. Some of those ports have similar capacity challenges that they also have, that they're also working through. So there might be some nominal short-term diversions. But long term, if the Port of L.A., Long Beach can get their issues worked through, they're still in a pretty good place to maintain and grow their segment of the business.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, so, as you know, there's still a whole rate question out there in terms of if it's going to cost more money and you have a longer transit time. There is actually a construction delay question still out there with the Panama Canal. I think what we've said in the past is still what we think today, that you might have 1% or 2% that gets diverted today. About 30% of the business is all water. That might grow to 31%, 32%. But we don't see, nor are we hearing from shippers, anything significant beyond that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, that's the answer. And I mentioned that earlier, we put in some new products both to the PNW and to California. And those new products are attracting business, particularly as some of our competitors are struggling in that corridor.
Eric L. Butler: We continue to think Mexico has nice future growth opportunities on the auto side, the grain side, the industrial product side. A 9% growth trend is pretty good.
Eric L. Butler: And your Santa Teresa growth is meeting expectations. And just as a data point, that would be considered domestic business.
Eric L. Butler: Again, we feel very good about our value proposition. And as the truck market tightens from a variety of issues, the new CSA rules, truck driver, the cost of fuel, the cost of cabs, we think that just strengthens our value proposition and strengthens our ability to get price as we go into the future.
Eric L. Butler: So the second question, more sand per well. Absolutely. There's a lot of technology changes that's allowing the drilling services industry to do longer laterals, more laterals, and that has been a driver of our sand growth all year long. And we've talked about that in the past, we'll continue to talk about that in the future. In terms of where the sand is going to, I think it's really being driven by the economics of the well. Today, you see lots of drilling in the Permian Basin, lots of drilling in the Eagle Ford. You see growing drilling in the Niobrara. You see the Marcellus kind of resuming the levels of drilling that they had a couple of years ago. And you see sand flowing to all of those places. It's really driven by the economics of the shale play.
Eric L. Butler: If you look at where the sand is flowing today, I think the shales that I just listed are the common places where the sand is flowing today.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I think what we've said is that the spread actually kind of depends on lanes and it could range from 35%, 40% spread, which is large, so as narrow as a 10% or 15% spread. And we think, with our value proposition, we'll continue to be able to narrow that spread and price closer and closer to truck as we improve our service and value propositions.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, Ben. One of the things we realize is that it is a big, wide, broad market out there and you have lots of different customers, and customers opportunities. You have large customers, the large retailers that probably will be managed with a small set of large IMCs. But you have a large group of midsize and smaller customers that we believe, at least at this time, that you'll continue to have a broad base of smaller IMCs that will assist in servicing and addressing those channels. And that's the reason for the strategy that Jack talked about, where we continue to see the IMCs being a large portion of our go-to-market strategy.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, John, that -- it's difficult to kind of nail that down, as you know. Roughly -- clearly, there was some cost. I'd say, it cost us probably $0.01 or so on the cost. But as we pointed out, we recognize that we didn't meet all of the demand in our Coal business, for example. So there's some revenue that, clearly, we hope to continue to make up as we move forward, but that had an impact as well.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, obviously, we don't have all the full numbers nailed, but Jason, I think it's a safe assumption that it'll be higher next year. And as I pointed out that pension and other health and welfare items are what drove our comp inflation number to be, as I stated, below 2%. We would expect that's going to obviously drive that to a higher number next year, probably closer to 3-ish, all in.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, I -- our philosophy, Jason, has not changed at all. And that is to price to market at re-investable levels and above inflation. So we're constantly taking advantages there, talk to where it make sense for us to bring on business at the right terms and right conditions and that -- we're not giving more detailed guidance on that other than our tenet and our focus and our belief achieving those goals has not changed.
Robert M. Knight: Bill this is Rob, I just got to add. We'll try not to have 3 people answer each question. But, I have to add that focus really for us is on returns. Operating ratio has got a shorthand target, that gives us -- brings it all together in terms of efficiency, and we use that as a measure of success, if you will. But at the end of the day, we really are focused on driving returns.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, just to kind of reiterate what I think you already know Scott. You're right, we achieved about 1.5 point of benefit last year from legacy contract renewals. Coming into this year, we said "legacy light." So basically 0 this year. Next year, we have about $300 million worth of revenue that we will compete for in the marketplace. We don't give guidance in terms of what the pricing's going to look like on that. But we're going to be in the marketplace competing and we're in those discussions as we speak. So no further update on that, other than it will -- we would expect there would be some contributor next year on legacy versus this year, 0.
Robert M. Knight: This is Rob, maybe I can answer that for you that Thomas. I mean we're not going to give specific guidance on that. But I would just say that if look out over the last several years, our volumes in and out of Mexico -- and of course as you know, we're the only railroad that crosses the 6 rail crossing points. But our Mexican-related business has been growing faster than our overall enterprise business has. So it's been contributing. And we're not going to break out in terms of what the margins are on that business. But I would just tell you that it's good business that we're bringing on the network. So it has been contributing and continues to contribute as we move forward.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Thomas. I would just say that's all wrapped in to -- I agree with Jack's comments. In the inflation, we expect it to be higher next year. And as I said earlier 3 plus-ish versus the less than 2 all in this year. For lots of reasons.
Robert M. Knight: This is Rob, let me answer that. We don't break out specific margin by business. But you have heard me, perhaps, say many times, that our Intermodal opportunities -- Intermodal has typically been on the lower end, if you will, of our very diverse business group and it's been moving up fast. All of our business has been moving in the right direction. And as Eric said, we still have confidence that we can continue to move it directionally correct.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So right now, we'd love to have more crews in our network to spool up our speed. That's probably the starting point of where current service product gets back to what we would consider an acceptable level. As we look forward, we're constantly making investment decisions in all the critical resources to be able to handle growth where we anticipate growth is going to occur. And I don't see any reason why we would say future growth is going to be retarded because those investments aren't happening in the right spots.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. Rob, so you're right. Train size is not the be-all end-all. Intermodal was impacted this quarter by new products that, on average, were smaller than the rest of the network. And if you think about train size opportunity on Intermodal trains as it exists today, to get them up to average train size in the routes that they go, there's plenty of upside. Not putting it in a percentage, but dozens and dozens of boxes.
Lance M. Fritz: It's probably more a question for Eric. But I will tell you, we do not speak to specific customers. We do have a new product in that lane that's performing well and it is attracting new business.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure, yes. Actually, Cleo, if you go back to the same volume levels, historically we're running about 1.5 mile to maybe even 2 miles an hour faster than we were at equivalent volume levels. That's a direct reflection of improved network capacity. And so when we look forward, our current utilization of that network capacity is not what we want it to be, we're retarded by lack of crews and a handful of other things. As we get on top of that, moving forward, which we are doing, we anticipate that those service levels improve at these current volume levels and give us plenty of runway for future growth.
Lance M. Fritz: Absolutely they do, Cleo. And our customers are making significant investment to support themselves in the marketplace and help us serve them better all the time.
