Lance Fritz: Thank you very much, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha practicing safe social distancing are Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; and Jennifer Hamann, Chief Financial Officer.  Before discussing our second quarter results, I must first recognize the continued dedication of the women and men of Union Pacific. As we navigate the COVID-19 pandemic, our employees are protecting themselves and their coworkers in order to provide our customers with a service product that's fluid and uninterrupted. Our rail network continues to operate at a very high level as we provide a safer, more reliable and more efficient service product to our customers. As I reflect on what we dealt with and the results of the quarter, the true character of our organization was revealed, and it makes me very proud of the entire Union Pacific team.  Moving on to the second quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting 2020 second quarter net income of $1.1 billion or $1.67 per share. This compares to $1.6 billion or $2.22 per share in the second quarter of 2019, reflecting the economic impact of the pandemic and the challenge of overcoming a 24% decline in revenue, our quarterly operating ratio came in at 61%, a 1.4 percentage point increase compared to the second quarter of 2019. Despite the distractions created by the pandemic, our employees made progress on safety in the second quarter. For the first half of 2020, our employee safety results improved 5% versus 2019. I am very appreciative of our employees' continued focus on safety. Our second quarter results represent an achievement by the entire UP team as we dealt with a challenge unlike anything we've seen before. The women and men of Union Pacific answered the call to serve our customers, and the results provide further confirmation of the transformation our company has made through Unified Plan 2020.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Jim to provide an operations update.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. Our first priority has been and will always be safety. We made good progress on safety in the first half of the year, and I expect continued improvement in the second half. From a service and efficiency perspective, we took another step forward toward our strategic priority of operational excellence. The experience of the past 3 to 6 months has validated why we are transforming our company through the Unified Plan 2020. Our ability to be nimble and flexible in adjusting our resources to a rapid, severe decline in volume, while also improving our service product demonstrates the strength of our service model. As we continue to navigate the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, our optimism for the future is unchanged. Union Pacific is well positioned for a future of long-term growth and excellent returns.  With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: And as regards your incremental margin question for next year, Chris, of course, we don't guide on incremental margin. But we do remain optimistic about in a world where we get volume growing. We're going to generate productivity. We've got a pricing structure that works that should generate improved margins.
Lance Fritz: Yes. So let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Jim. One of the most astounding things to me, I've been with our railroad for 20 years now, and I was responsible for our operations for a bit of it. And if I look year-over-year, Jim mentioned this, our train starts -- the number of trains on our network at any given time are about 1/3 less, which is much more than what you see in volume. And how that translates into a service product is there's less network congestion on average anywhere you look, less meets passes, et cetera. So that allows each train, more free running time, and it really makes the network a little easier to dispatch, and that translates into a service product.
Lance Fritz: Thanks for the question. No, we do not have an equipment shortage. We had we have cars parked in places. I went for a train ride, and we had cars parked in places that I never thought that I would ever see cars park. They were parked everywhere, ready to go, and we had them close on hand. Locomotives, we had locomotives, we have more locomotives stored than we have operating. So we could double the business and -- well, not quite, we could probably triple the business and use the locomotives that we got stored. So we have lots of locomotives. People-wise, we were real smart about it. And the return, when we call people back, the people are returning. It's in the low 90s that people are accepting to come back to work, which is fantastic.  So we're not having to worry about having to retrain people, and we still have a lot of people furloughed. So given all that, what it is was some noise in 1 week, it's x, and then the next week, you want to do x plus 40% and somebody says, we're short of cars or short of people. Nobody can crank up our railroad running 2,000 different movements all over the place and in 1 week. So if somebody thought that was equipment shortage of people. The answer is no. It's just -- there was no way I was going to flow trains one way and have all the debt heads and extra costs. We took it on a systematic basis, and we're fluid now. The railroad is running smooth. And we're always going to have that a little bit of a lag. I mean that's the way to railroad. Somebody else might have done it differently. I would not have changed anything I did when we started back up and the business came back.
Lance Fritz: And it's not just the whole rationalization of the railroad, what we've been able to identify, in Chicago when we consolidate and at the end of the year, we're going to have our new facility -- expanded facility at G2 opened up, we have a facility at G1 that's pretty close to Downtown Chicago that becomes excess, property on the South side excess, property also in other locations. So all those are available that Jennifer and her team to go out there and see we can monetize and bring some more value to this company. So I'm very excited.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Justin, thanks for the question. This is Lance. So our full year guidance of down 10%, if you do the math, that says the back half is going to be somewhere in the, call it, 9%, 10% down. How it breaks out quarter-to-quarter is something that is very difficult to estimate right now. Kenny has done a good job of sharing with you all the confidence he is growing and building as wins are starting to show up on the railroad. It's one thing to secure a domestic intermodal win in March. And then in the second quarter, nothing shipped. And now as retail is starting to restock, we'll start seeing some of those shipments occur. So it's a little bit difficult to parse it out exactly for you. So I won't attempt to do that. But your math broadly is right. In the second half, you're going to have to be in that down 9% or 10% to hit down 10%. And we're growing our optimism here in the near term.
Lance Fritz: Bascome, this is Lance. I'll bring us back to something we've historically talked about all the time, and that is we're building this better operating model, this service excellence, operational excellence on a franchise that's the best in the industry. We've got the wonderful Gulf Coast franchise. We've got Great East West corridors. We've got a great I-5 corridor. We service Mexico better and to a greater extent than anyone else in the industry. We are set for a very bright future.
Lance Fritz: Yes, that's a great question, Bascome. And you got it exactly right. I think it's opportune time to start talking to or have a concentrated moment where we speak to our investors about the game plan looking forward in a holistic way. And we would have loved to have done that this fall. That's just not going to work with COVID. So stay tuned. We haven't announced anything, but I would imagine it will be sometime in the first half of next year, presuming that we can do it safely and in a manner that protects everybody's health.
Lance Fritz: Yes, it's a great question, David. And I'll start by saying, we do believe that the new service product, the lower cost structure, opening up markets to us and Kenny's commercial team putting more of their posture on their front foot from a sales and business development perspective, all of that combines to definitely give us a better opportunity to get asset utilization up. I feel pretty good about that. I think there's plenty of opportunity. I look at our served markets, which are very broad. We touch a lot of the economy. And absent this immediate COVID impact and the behavioral changes that are in the near term, over the longer term, I think the argument for the United States and for North America is still pretty darn strong. That doesn't mean we're not looking at other things. We're always looking at ways to be more important to our customers, to serve them better, to play a different role in the supply chain, if it makes sense. But I think our core business has a really good opportunity to continue generating both good margin and good ROIC.
Lance Fritz: I think what we're focused on is making sure Kenny has got the right culture and team members so that business development happens at the pace and magnitude that we think we should be capable of I believe we're in process there. That might take some investments, and we've talked a little bit about it, and there are small cost investment, large impact, like Salesforce, Pros as a pricing tool, tableau is a analytical tool, others. We talk about our APIs and making customers see more value and be stickier with us, and that's a manifestation of our net control investment. We talk about product development and making sure that we're doing what we need to do to serve the parts of the market that are now open to us.  But in addition to that, kind of getting at your question, I wouldn't be surprised if there are other investments we make that look more like the activity Loop does, where you're providing ancillary services from the railroad, but they are primary services to a customer. And it makes us a more valuable supplier, it makes us stickier and opens up even more markets for us.  I think you're definitely onto something there, David. And it will be part of the conversation we talk about when we're at a moment in time having an Analyst Day.
Lance Fritz: Jordan, let me put a little exclamation point on that for Kenny. So during the past domestic intermodal bid season, which happened at, call it, starting late last year, but really at the heart of it was April, March, February this year, a little bit of May, that's right in the heart of the worst decline in volumes across the network, not just us but trucks. So trucks were loose, pricing was tough. In that environment, Kenny's team grew share of wins. Now it didn't ship. It's starting to ship now. That's why Kenny is confident in the manner is on our domestic intermodal product. But for me, that's a proof statement that we don't have to wait for the gap between rail and truck to get better. Our service product, our ability to price and earn a margin in today's environment is such where we have an ability to penetrate against truck right now.
Lance Fritz: And thank you, Rob, again, and thank you all for your questions and for joining us this morning on our call. We look forward to talking with you again in October to discuss our third quarter 2020 results. Until then, I wish you all good health. Take care and enjoy the rest of your day.
Jim Vena: Thank you, Lance, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by echoing Lance's comments on how the UP team has performed throughout the pandemic. I'm extremely proud of the team's dedication to providing the safe and reliable service product to our customers. Our rail network remains fluid. I also want to commend the operating department on its performance over the past quarter, how the team managed through the rapid decline and eventual return of volume has been truly remarkable. The impact of all the changes we made is evident in our results this quarter. There remain many more opportunities ahead of us to further improve safety, asset utilization and network efficiency.  Turning to Slide 4. I'd like to update you on our key performance indicators, driven by continued improvement in asset utilization and fewer car classifications and car touches, freight car velocity improved at 11% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Freight car terminal dwell improved 16%, largely due to improved terminal processes and transportation plan changes to eliminate switches and touch points. We continue to implement changes in order to run a more efficient network that requires fewer locomotives. In the second quarter, we achieved a quarterly record in locomotive productivity, a 12% improvement versus last year. Workforce productivity, which includes all employees, was flat versus last year, reflecting the impact of the steep decline in volumes in April. As we've adjusted resources, realized productivity gains and seen volumes increase, this metric has rebounded strongly. In the quarter, the productivity improvements were boosted by reducing our train and engine workforce by 32%, which outpaced volume declines.  Trip plan compliance improved for both intermodal and manifest in autos during the quarter. This is a direct result of our focus on improving network efficiency and service reliability as part of our operating model. We had a strong first half of the year, and we expect to see continued improvements in our service product going forward.  Slide 5 highlights some of our recent network changes. Increasing train size remains 1 of our main areas of focus, and we are making excellent progress. Capital investments to extend sidings allow longer trains to run in both directions and reduce the number of train starts. There are around 40 projects included in the plan, and we have made good progress as 16,000, 15,000 foot sidings have now been completed through the first half of the year. We plan to have another 4 completed by the end of this month.  In addition, by putting more product on fewer trains, we have increased train length across our system by 23% to over 1,600 feet since the fourth quarter of 2018 to approximately 8,700 feet in the second quarter of 2020. This is a remarkable feat by the team to run longer trains with less volume while also making service gains. This indicates that we struck the right balance in prioritizing our actions during the quarter. We are continually modifying our transportation plan, including yard and local service to be more efficient. This contributed to our productivity gains by allowing us to reduce our daily crew starts while continuing to meet customer demands. We continue to make progress on our redesign of the intermodal network. As we've discussed before, we are completely redesigning our Chicago operations. In the second quarter, we closed Global 3, and additional changes will be completed by year-end. We are also redesigning the Houston area. Construction is underway at Settegast to consolidate our intermodal facilities into one location. In addition, we recently initiated construction at Houston Englewood Yard to expand switching capability and improve our ability to run longer trains out of that yard.  Let me wrap up. We remain committed to protecting our employees' health and safety and providing strong service to our customers. As customers have resumed operations and volume has been increasing over the past month or so, the operating team has done a great job of balancing our resources while also providing superior service to our customers. We stored locomotives and railcars strategically placed. We have had the resources available when and where we need them. In addition, we are recalling employees from furlough to meet crew demand. However, we are leveraging our efficiencies and not bringing back resources on a one-for-one basis with volume. We have made great progress to this point, and we will continue to transform our operations in order to further improve safety, service, asset utilization and network efficiency.  And with that, Kenny, it's all yours.
Jim Vena: Well, why don't I just start with the -- Chris, and I appreciate the question. So I think key to look at is you always learn something. And when you -- I've been in railroad for a long time. I've seen drop in business. This was a big drop. The good part about it was we were set up in the right way. We were productive before. We had already started in a lot of things, from engineering, mechanical, operations, local service, 5 hump yards shut down, touch points off. So we have done lots to be able to be ready for any action that was going to happen. And we took the right actions this quarter, and you can see it in the key performance metrics. Those are productivity numbers. Those are not against the -- so we were able to drop more than what the business level changed on us.  So what we learned was, and I knew it and the team knows it, there's more there. So what we figured out was we can do more with less and even more than we thought. So across the spectrum and how we look at it, we've always balanced, Chris, and this is really important, and you heard Kenny talk about this, it's about service, too. We did not take and make all the cuts just so that we could drop our cost down and impact our service because we want to win in the marketplace. And Kenny is optimistic that we're headed in the right way there.
Jim Vena: That's a great question. I love that question because that's exactly what we're trying to do. So we came in with productivity gains before the pandemic hit. So what we were able to do was we accelerated it. And if you take a look at the metrics underneath the productivity metrics, by having trains that are longer, we were able to have way less starts. So the starts are like 2 to 3x better than what they were on a flat basis. So that's important to us. The touches of the cars, the whole change in network of having less touch points was be able to take costs out. We spent a lot of time before the pandemic and then during the pandemic, we assigned the way we did local service, not the less on the amount of service we provide customers but be smart about how we service that. It was when they released the cars and we looked at our network, and that made a huge impact. So that's what we continue to do, Tom.  And the way I see it going forward, what's left, someone's going to ask me the question, and I will answer it, I'll save a question, is this, there is opportunity across the board in operations still. Is it as easy as walking in like I did the first day at Pine Bluff and said we're shutting it down and after I was here for two weeks? No. I don't think. But I've got my eye on a couple of yards that need to be tuned up. And if they don't tune up, they'll be gone. But other than that, I'm very happy with where we are, and we've got productivity across the board, as Jennifer said, on the $500 million. So hopefully, I answered your question, Tom.
Jim Vena: Yes, sir. In fact, our trains, this morning, I look at it every morning or we're running over 9,000 feet. So we might have ended up at 87,000. But business is coming back, and we're putting more of that business on the same trains that we add out there running.
Jim Vena: You bet. And how does a -- how do you -- does the customer look at it? Service that we sell and we provide is what we sold to the customer. So if we agree that we're going to move x amount of tons in a month or we need to run and we have a service product our intermodal service product, our premium product is as good as anybody. We come out of that West Coast headed towards Texas, and we get in there faster than anybody. So that's what we measure ourselves against.  What is it that the customer wants? They want reliability. They want consistency and they want to save on their assets. A lot of them own their cars. And if we can turn them faster for them and not just over the road, but we turn them faster within the yard and are -- we're over 90% on our first-mile last-mile being able to spot the cars when we said that we were going to be there to give them service. So the customer wins, now what the longer trains do, we're not going to run longer trains just to run longer trains. You want to be more productive, but you also have to build the schedule so that the railcars move from origin to destination. And I'll give you an example. Instead of running 5 trains between L.A. and Chicago, we run 3.  We meet the schedules. We tell them what the engage is, and we build that in. Otherwise, I'll be honest, we could be running them even bigger if we did not take into account what the customer perspective was. But we're not done with that. I think -- and as we get closer -- I know this is a long answer, but this is important. As we get closer with the customer, we understand better and they understand what we can deliver, they'll work with us to say, when do you really need those containers when do you really need those railcars and there won't be as much buffer built into it and they trust that we're going to deliver, they'll be able to save even more costs on their side. So very excited about that. And that's the cool part about this is the time now, the next months as we transition into the next step of improving this place and making it the best operating railroad in North America. Long answer, I apologize, but I thought it was important to get it out.
Jim Vena: Well, Scott, you're a little bit like Walter, a tough marker. I thought we'd be pretty good when we dropped 32% in TE&Y in the quarter versus the drop in business. But I understand what you're saying. I think...
Jim Vena: Yes. And that's the entire company, and you'll see it improve as the business comes back. The numerator at the top when you drop that kind of miles sort of hurts you. But I'm not here to argue about what the stat is. This is the way I see it. I think we can be more productive in the entire company and meaning that we need less people. And as we transition, we're not hiring, okay? The normal attrition rate that goes out is going to go out. So our plan is in operations and the rest of the company, that we are going to be more productive. And I think in operations, you will continue to see us be more productive in pieces that we haven't even tackled yet as much as we should on our engineering side. And we've done a lot of work on the mechanical side. We've done a lot of work on the operations side, on the transportation side, but I think there's more there.  And listen, I see the same numbers you, Scott. I would have loved that number to be with the big drop in business, not be flat. Flat was a pretty tough thing for us to do. But as the business comes back, we're going to have less people to run -- operate the railroad and be still safe and efficient. So I'm looking forward to it.
Jim Vena: Well, listen, I appreciate it, Brian. Nice to talk to you this morning. At the end of the day, we've identified what's excess. We always want to keep a buffer so we work very close hand-in-hand with Jennifer and our old group to say, these are excess, what can you do about it? So I'll let Jennifer answer the next question. I think if there was people that wanted to purchase locomotives, if at the right price, we're not going to give them away. But at the right price, we would be more than willing to do that.
Jim Vena: Well, Allison, I appreciate the question. We have a goal of 55, and you never hear me say a number on purpose because I'm just not -- I like to deliver it. But you -- structurally, you are absolutely correct. Kenny and his team bring the business back, which we see some wins, and we see some optimism from Kenny. We grow this company, which I think we can with the service product we have. I've just stay tuned. I think it's going to look pretty good. So I appreciate the question.
Jim Vena: Bascome, I appreciate it. You're absolutely right. I came because I thought it was a great company, great network, great group of people. And when Lance and I talked when I joined, the whole team wants to win. And I tell you, it's a great team. And it doesn't matter whether I'm here or not. I'll be honest. We're building it so we have strength in the long term. And yes, this railroad has the capability to be the best margin railroad in North America, lowest operating costs, bar none. So my job is to make sure that we get there and we deliver and have the right strength behind whenever I leave that the team -- they don't even miss me. In fact, they get better than when I was here, and I can watch them from my rocking chair when I'm 90 years old and enjoy it.
Jim Vena: Well, Walter, listen, that's a tricky question. I don't talk about how somebody else is operating. What I want to be able to do is operate -- be the best operator in the industry so we have a better chance to win. There are certain markets that are a competitor on a rail side is going to win because they have a better network in that piece and let them win that. And then we have a great network, and we're going to win. But bottom line is if you can have a lower cost structure, what it does is it opens you up for a new truck opportunity. It opens you up for more fluidity because the customer sees how you're able to move more product with less railcars for them. And you win on a head-to-head, and it gives you some pricing advantage in some areas. And Kenny has been real clear. We're all about making sure that we price ahead of what inflation is, rail cost inflation, and we're going to do that. So that's where you want to win. I think you win by having the most efficient railroad and you win in a number of lanes, not just one.
Jim Vena: Yes. So let's talk a little bit more broadly. And then Jennifer, I'll bring it down to you for specific commentary on the guidance he's looking for. John, when we're thinking about the volume looking forward, there's still going to be weak spots for us. Kenny mentioned them. Frac sand is likely still to be weak. Coal is -- who knows what it will do, but it's not terribly strong. You probably got some weakness in some of the industrial products, areas that are oriented towards shale-related plays. But absent those, setting them aside, most everything else should be showing improvement certainly from the second quarter. And so when you think about it like that and you first and foremost take automotive, finished vehicles, high ARC business off the table is a substantial headwind, the big headwinds really come off the table. There's still a little bit of headwind in frac sand, maybe a few others. But to that point, there's tailwinds that are going to start showing up like in automotive.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. Look, Ken, first of all, thanks for the question. And I just want to really iterate something that Jennifer mentioned, which is one, we have a positive pricing results and that we're going to exceed the cost of inflation. So it's critical we just kind of take that off the table. But as you look at the dynamics in the marketplace, I'll tell you, it was challenging to really price. What helps us is that we have a very strong service product. When you can walk in and talk to your customers about -- we're moving costs from their side, we're moving assets, delivering on time, getting the equipment on time, you're able to go in and have some really tough conversations to sell the price for the service that you're delivering on. So that's that.  To Lance's point, I do want to just talk about the automotive network coming back. If you look at the data points out there, the inventories are the lowest that they've been in the last 9 years. So we know the dealerships need to replenish. We've been talking to our OEM customers, and we'd expect retooling throughout the rest of the quarter, but maybe not as deep as what we thought it be or what we've seen in the past. We'll keep an eye on the fleet sales. But looking forward, we feel pretty optimistic. I feel pretty optimistic about how things are shaping up.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. Lance, you're exactly right. Ravi, thanks for the question. We haven't seen any customers make any really concrete bets yet on their shoring. I will tell you, we feel good about the service product and the interchange points that we have coming out of Mexico. The one thing that a number of folks have really harped on the day is our premium and our intermodal network. And what I'll tell you is that our manifest network, our carload network benefits from a stronger service product. And so a lot of these short-term, short-haul lanes we're able to compete in because we do have a lower cost structure, and the car velocity is much longer now. And so as you think about nearshore, it becomes more of a sweet spot for us and we'll be prepared for it if it comes on.
Kenyatta Rocker: So thanks a lot for that question, Amit. I just want to talk about the network first and just say what the rail site in extensions, it's made us more reliable. I reflect on our lane, call it, Southern California into the East Coast or Southeast. It's just a sweet spot for us. We put more and more volume on there. We've opened up the pie. When I talk about making the pie larger, I'm talking about trucks. And so yes, we have aligned ourselves with a number of e-commerce winners. We've been able to win business in those markets. We feel very bullish about the wins. They are coming on now. We're expecting more. We see that those wins in the parcel in the domestic, and we've got a nice win on the international intermodal side.  So I'll tell you, I haven't been as bullish about it as I am today, and we've got a great leader and Jason has leading up that area and Jim and his team are ready for it.
Kenyatta Rocker: Well, I'll start from the back first. I'd say premature right now to talk about a surcharge. Obviously, the demand is picking up. What I would tell you is that our volumes are really increasing each week. They're pretty strong. All the dynamics show that we're going to have a pretty solid peak season, the warehouses, warehouse inventory is normalized. So you don't have a lot of product in storage. E-commerce has been pretty strong. Retail has been improving sequentially each month. So it looks to me, barring any type of second wave that we're going to be in a really good position to have a really solid peak season.
Kenyatta Rocker: It is. Again, Jason, the run rate on our beer shipments are improving each week. What we saw in the second quarter was COVID-related downtime, production downtime, that's behind us now. And so we feel really good about those shipments heading into the holiday.
Kenyatta Rocker: Let me add on to that -- this is Kenny, real quick. First of all, we've got a really strong competitor in the West. And a lot of respect there. Our commercial team is really focused on opening up new markets and making the pie larger, and we've talked about that a little bit on the call today, talked about a lot of the business that we're winning that short-haul business that in the past, because we didn't have the car velocity or the reliability or the lower cost structure, we weren't able to compete with the trucks on. And then I've also talked about a lot of these long-haul lanes that we're opening up the markets on. So our team focus is really on expanding the pie. And when I say that, I'm clearly looking at the truck markets.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. It's -- we're going to have challenges here in the near term and long term. It's in structural decline. Obviously, there are some ins and outs with what happens with low natural gas. We're staying very close to our customers and make sure we can stay competitive with them, with each deal that comes up. But overall, we're just trying to backfill where we can because we do know that over time, it's going to continue to leak.
Kenyatta Rocker: We don't see that. I think there is a scenario where we try to slow down the slope so that it's not a steep slope. But I -- we'd expect that it will continue to just gradually decline.
Kenyatta Rocker: Yes. Thanks a lot, Jordan. First of all, we're nowhere near the levels that we enjoy in 2018, the back half of 2018, where there were some pretty large gaps. When we look at the forecast, we certainly expect that the truck utilization and those rates will improve monthly well into 2021, which will put us in a better position to not only win more business, but get a little bit more margin on that business. Having said that, we certainly aren't waiting around for something to happen. We're going after it right now. We feel good about the wins that we've made that we know will show up here in the near term. And it's broadly across the intermodal network. It's not just the international, it's not just the domestic, it's pretty broad, it's is the parcel also. So we feel like we're capturing those wins right now, and we're excited to see them come on and onboard over the next several weeks. And we expect to continue to grab more share.
Jennifer Hamann: I was going to say, you can ask the follow-up, but let me just reiterate. We have said, I think, pretty clearly, Jim said it and so did I, we won't bring people back on a one-for-one with the business levels. And we're already doing that today.
Jennifer Hamann: No. I mean, you're right. It is very tough to forecast. I mean, we've tried to give everyone a little bit more information on that with the RTM data that we're now providing. And so hopefully, that's helpful. But you guys know where our business is -- has the highest ARC. I mean, autos, as you've heard us reference already today, was really a big factor in yields and in the mix impact in the second quarter. Certainly, that has come back here. In the third quarter. And so we'll continue to watch that. We don't see crude oil coming back. That was another impact to mix. Sand has been a headwind for us as well, and that's another one that's probably not going to change. So keep those things in mind and then just watch how the rest of the business plays out.
Jennifer Hamann: Well, I think you kind of answered your own question there a little bit. I mean, again, we won't do things on a one-for-one basis. But at some point, you will need to add train starts as the volume grows, and there's people associated with that. There's locomotives, there's freight cars, car hire, and you're going to burn a little more fuel. So you're going to have all of those things we'll be part of it to move additional revenue. Our task and what we feel very confident about is that we will be able to do that in a more efficient way as the volumes come back, and we look forward to that because volume is definitely the friend of a railroad. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Jennifer Hamann: Jennifer? Yes. I mean, I think we've had a bit of a for sale sign up for locomotives for a little while now, but there's not much of a market, particularly with the COVID impact of volumes. And then really the whole rail network going through similar activities with PSR. So we do look at what locomotives, we think are most likely to bring back into service and make adjustments as needed. That's kind of continual activity for the team. And if there's anything that we would do that is of a significant nature. We'd certainly talk to folks about it, but we feel pretty good where we're at right now.
Jennifer Hamann: And you're spot on, Jim. I was just going to say, we need all 3 levers, and that's you've heard us say that very consistently we need Kenny and team to bring in the volume and the price. And then we've got the productivity that certainly, Jim and the operating group are responsible for a big portion of that, but it's a whole team effort in terms of driving productivity and building on that good service product. So it's all together.
Jennifer Hamann: Because we'd really like to do something like that in person and be able to get the team together. I think it's important for you all to see the UP team, the management team below who you normally talk to. And I think in person is the best way to do that.
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. And I would just add to that. I mean, so when you're talking about ARC, obviously, that's going to be driven by the business mix. And when you look at -- I'll take it up a step from where you were talking to it, through our 3 groups. You've got industrial, that is our highest ARC business. And then you've got the bulk, which is next and then the premium, which has the lowest ARC. And so if you think about it just in terms of kind of those broad segments, you're hearing us talk about being able to drive significant growth on the premium side of the business. Autos is just part of that. And then the industrial piece, that's where we're still seeing negative industrial production forecast for third quarter. So I would think about it in kind of those broad economic things. And don't forget about fuel. Obviously, fuel surcharge is part of ARC fuel prices were significantly a part of the impact there in terms of the second quarter. And we're not looking for fuel prices to increase or really change dramatically going from 2Q to 3Q. So that year-over-year impact is going to be there as well.
