Lance Fritz: Thank you and good morning everybody and welcome to Union Pacific’s fourth quarters earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Cameron Scott, our Chief Operating Officer, and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. I'd also like to introduce our new Chief Marketing Officer, Beth Whited. Some of you may recall Beth as our Investor Relations officer several years ago. Most recently, she was the leader of our chemicals group. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2016. This equates to $1.39 per share, which compares to $1.31 in the fourth quarter of 2015. Total volume decreased 3% in the quarter compared to 2015. Carload volume declined in five of our six commodity groups, while agricultural product volumes were up 8%, as grain shipments continued to be strong in the quarter. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 62%, a 1.2 percentage point improvement from the fourth quarter of last year, and about flat with the third quarter of this year. Outstanding productivity achievements along with positive core pricing helped to partially offset the decline in total carload volumes. While full year volumes were down substantially year-over-year, we did see declines moderate in the fourth quarter. As we work through the challenges of the year, we remain focused on the strategy we live each day through our six value tracks. The first value track we show is world-class safety, and I'm very pleased to report that Union Pacific had a record safety year in 2016, with our reportable injury rate improving 14% versus 2015. Executing on these value tracks enables us to run a safe, efficient and productive railroad while providing our customers an excellent value proposition. Our team will give you more of the details on the quarter, starting with Beth.
Lance Fritz: Thank you Rob. As we discussed today, we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results in a difficult volume environment. Looking to 2017, we feel pretty good about some of the macro-economic indicators that drive our core business. Higher energy prices, favorable agricultural markets and improving business and consumer confidence all support a return to positive volume growth this year. As always, a new year will bring its share of change and uncertainty. We'll be closely monitoring the impacts of potential developments in areas such as corporate tax reform and commerce with our trading partners around the world, as well as the overall strength of the economy. We continue to have confidence in the strength and diversity of the Union Pacific franchise, which will position us well to safely and efficiently leverage stronger volumes as our markets begin to rebound. We will continue to execute on our strategic value tracks to provide our customers an excellent service experience while generating strong returns for our shareholders. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Justin, this is Lance. So we don't give forward price guidance, so we are not going to call a bottom. You heard Beth's commentary about the markets that we compete in. There are some headwinds that continue into next year, most notably in the first half of the year. And what we're hopeful for is that as the markets firm, it creates a more attractive pricing environment for us as the year progresses. I think I'll let Rob answer the second part of the question.
Lance Fritz: Chris, there's a couple of moving parts there. One is the state of the Trans-Pacific industry itself, the ocean carrier market itself. The other is what's going on with U.S. consumer confidence and consumption. And both are moving parts as you look forward.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Brian. This is Lance. I'll let Beth talk specifically to our international business and what our business looks like in terms of cross-border trade. But in terms of trying to get a sense for how much of our business is sensitive to the U.S. dollar, the answer to that is there's a fair amount of our commodity mix with lots of moving parts that either benefits from a strong dollar or gets hurt by a strong dollar. So you could essentially say to the extent that a dollar and its value internationally impacts the U.S. consumer and U.S. industry, our total book has some exposure to that. But I'll let Beth talk about our international book specifically.
Lance Fritz: Sure. So we are paying close attention to all of the talk about potential outcomes as we go forward in terms of impact on either NAFTA or other international trade agreements. Our perspective is that the United States is tightly woven with its trading partners and our consumers benefit greatly from free and open international trade, both from a standard of living perspective, making goods available to them at lower cost than they would be otherwise, as well as creating markets for U.S. goods to be sold into, creating a robust potential growth for U.S. jobs and typically the higher paying U.S. jobs. When we look at the cross-border trade let's say specifically with Mexico, when you really dig deep, you see that a large percentage, certainly more than half, a lion's share has value added on both sides of the border and is inextricably linked to our economy. So we've been giving that kind of feedback to our elected officials and regulators for a long time. We'll continue to give them that kind of feedback. And we are prepared and preparing for any of the potential outcomes that might occur. But bottom line, we're optimistic that those decisions ultimately will benefit U.S. trade and the U.S. economy.
Lance Fritz: Let’s – of course by not commenting, we're not giving guidance on your first presumptive statement. So let’s just set that aside. And then Beth, why don't you talk about what markets look like as you're moving into 2017.
Lance Fritz: This is Lance. I'll attempt to take that. So the factors that impact pricing are essentially the market factors that Beth had talked about. We have a market we compete in, many markets we compete in across commodity groups. And what we've said is we're fairly optimistic as we look into 2017. First and foremost, on coal, primarily because of easier comps. But there are some other market dynamics that we're going into the year with a stronger grain and ag products market than we had entering 2016. Arguably construction markets should be firming up as there's talk of infrastructure and as we see the housing markets improve. Consumer confidence and business confidence appears to be growing, so that looks like that could create some opportunity. So bottom line is as our served markets improve, that should create an environment where we have more pricing opportunity.
Lance Fritz: Ken, bear in mind, there's two different measurements for inventory. One is an absolute measurement of how much tonnage do you have on the ground. That's moved more dramatically than what your days burn looks like and of course that's because burn has changed over time.
Lance Fritz: So Brandon, I’ll take the confidence level and then turn it over to Rob. We are confident that we’re going to improve our operating ratio in 2017. The reason why is the three moving parts that we touch that Rob talked about; one is productivity. Rob’s already talked about another strong year of productivity in 2017 and Cameron and the rest of the team have those projects in sight and already working on. That gives us confidence there. The second is pricing. We’re going to take what the market gives in terms of pricing for the value that we represent. We’re hopeful that the markets are firming a bit, so we’re hopeful that the third element in terms of volume will cooperate a little bit more in 2017 and we’ve guided to positive volumes in 2017. So we’re confident we’re going to be able to improve the operating ratio.
Lance Fritz: Yes, Bascome, this is Lance. The Board supported my decision to change our leadership team around a bit. It was really prompted by one of our executives getting close to retirement, announcing their intention to retire. That allowed me to put Eric Butler into a job that he is exceptionally well suited for. That will benefit the Corporation. That allowed us to put Beth into the Chief Marketing Officer job and she’s going to be tremendous in that role. So it had nothing to do with other than normal, customary and routine succession planning and it’s an execution of our succession plan. And I couldn’t be happier with it and the Board couldn’t be happier with it as well.
Lance Fritz: Walter, this is Lance. I’ll take that. So if you go back to 2014, there were opportunities for us to haul business that typically we wouldn’t see for a number of reasons and we definitely took advantage of those opportunities. That was not a price based decision. That was a market offering us opportunity that we typically don’t enjoy. And we’ve already talked about that and our value proposition allowed us to have some of that be sticky and stay with us and some of it did not. Looking at today’s world, Beth’s answer is exactly as it is. There’s competitive dynamics in every commodity market that we serve. Those change over time. The environment clearly has been more difficult in 2016 than in previous years. And what will help that is if the markets themselves start improving, demand starts increasing, excess capacity gets consumed and then our pricing environment will improve.
Lance Fritz: Cherilyn, when we make freight car decisions, those are very granular and targeted. Every year we look at what we think the long range plan and the closer years in that long range plan mean in terms of overall fleet. We bounce that against what’s retiring out and we make a judgment call as to what we need to purchase. So those – what gets purchased in any given year, the mix of freight cars that are being purchased and the quantities change and can change pretty dramatically. I would include that also incorporating containers and chassis.
Lance Fritz: Don’t forget that embedded in automotive for us are automotive parts and we’ve done a really sound job. Eric and Beth’s team have done a really sound job of penetrating that market and growing it. So that’s a moving part there too.
Lance Fritz: Thank you and thank you for your questions and interest in Union Pacific. We look forward to talking with you all again in April.
Cameron Scott: Thanks Beth and good morning. Starting with our safety performance. Our full year reportable personal injury rate improved 14% versus 2015 to a record low of 0.75%. The team's commitment to successfully finding and addressing risk in the workplace continues to generate positive results, as we improve toward our goal of zero incidents. With respect to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our reportable rate of 3.02 decreased 3% versus last year. While we made only a slight improvement on the reportable rate, enhanced TE&Y training and continued infrastructure investment helped significantly reduce the absolute number of incidents, including those that did not meet the reportable threshold, generating a record low incident rate for the sixth consecutive year. At public safety, our grade crossing incident rate increased 7% versus 2015 to 2.43. Union Pacific has launched a new initiative, the crossing assessment process or CAP, to enhance grade crossing safety in our communities. CAP will couple our comprehensive safety culture with new data analysis to help focus increased attention on the crossings where we can most substantially impact public safety. This big data approach allows us to utilize predictive analysis to identify crossings where incidents may be more likely to occur. CAP will be most successful in enhancing crossing safety, with the engaged participation of roadway authorities. Communication and coordination with public agencies is critical to success. Moving on to network performance. Once again, we generated solid operating results through the fourth quarter. As reported to the AAR, velocity declined 2%, while terminal dwell improved 1% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Our consistent operating performance has also translated into fewer recrews, lessening the resource demands of our network. The 2.4% recrew rate achieved in the fourth quarter matched last year's fourth quarter record. And for the year, we achieved a best-ever recrew rate of 2.2%. Moving on to resources. Coming into the quarter, our resource position was efficiently balanced for the volume levels we are experiencing at that time. Throughout the quarter, as part of our ongoing business planning process, we fine-tuned our resource levels to continually account for volume changes and productivity gains. As a result, our total TE&Y workforce was down 7% in the fourth quarter, when compared to the same period in 2015. Our engineering and mechanical workforce was down a combined 900 employees or 4%. The active locomotive fleet was down 5% from the fourth quarter of 2015. As always, we continue to adjust our workforce levels and equipment fleet, as volume and network performance dictate. In addition to efficiently right-sizing our resource base, we continued realizing gains on other productivity initiatives such as train length. Our relentless focus on productivity led to best-ever train size performance in 2016, as we achieved annual records in our manifest, grain, automotive and coal networks. Turning to our capital investments. In total, we invested just under $3.5 billion in our 2016 capital program. For 2017, we are targeting around $3.1 billion, pending final approval of our Board of Directors. More than half of our planned 2017 capital investment is replacement spending to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and to improve the safety and resiliency of the network. You may recall from our third quarter call, that we're planning on acquiring 100 locomotives in 2017 as part of a previous purchase commitment. Our 2017 capital plan now includes about 60 locomotives, with the remainder being delayed into 2018. We also plan to invest an additional $300 million in positive train control. Looking to 2017, our operating strategy is built on initiatives that will drive continuous improvement across our network. Above all, this includes safety, where we once again expect record results on our way towards zero incidents. And we will remain agile, adjusting resources to demand, while maintaining focus on other productivity initiatives to further reduce cost, enhance the customer experience, and continue creating value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron Scott: Well, your last comment is accurate as Rob mentioned, with the amount of furloughed employees we have as Beth brings on additional volume, we have people ready to take on that volume. And there’s plenty of room on train side, so we expect to see additional volume come on the railroad without any additional starts as far as – whether it’s purely labor based or other initiatives, most of it is other initiatives.
Cameron Scott: Amit, I think one of my favorite productivity initiatives is train size. It might give you a sense that we have plenty of head room in productivity as Rob indicated. We’ve set all-time train size records for four years in a row. And we’re not close to optimizing our network. Coal is truly the only network that is very close to being optimized and we still have some room there. Rest of the network is wide open for opportunity, making sure we match up train size with taking good care of Beth’s customer commitment.
Cameron Scott: Yes. Just a reminder, right. So job one is create more cash from operations, so job two, we have the opportunity to use it for CapEx for rewarding our shareholders either in the form of buyback or dividend.
Rob Knight: Yes, Justin, as I said in my comments, we're confident in our ability to drive full year improvement in the operating ratio. And we haven't given specific guidance by quarter, but clearly, it can and likely will be lumpy. And one of the points that you're raising, is in the first quarter alone, remember that we did get – last year in the first quarter, a fuel – favorable fuel benefit. So just kind of looking at that alone, that by itself will present likely a challenge as it relates to the operating ratio. So it can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. But we're focused on the longer term improvement driving the levers that we can, in fact impact over the longer term.
Rob Knight: Yes, Justin, I guess, I would just kind of build on Lance's point. We don't give specific guidance as Lance pointed out, but we are – take one message from us here, that while inflation's rising, while we have some challenges in the marketplace as it relates to pricing, we are still committed to pricing at reinvestable levels that are above the overall inflation costs in the year. And that could be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter certainly, but we're committed and driven just as we always have been on doing that. And I don't recall, frankly what the follow-up question was. Oh, the visibility. Yes, I mean, Justin…
Rob Knight: I guess, I would answer that, you've heard me say this many times. No matter what day of the week, or what day of the year you would ask, what looking forward what percentage of our business we have sort of in the book, if you will – and it's lumpy because we're negotiating deals every day of the week throughout the year, we look at somewhere in the neighborhood of 70% of our business.
Rob Knight: Yes, Chris. As you probably could guess, we don't give and have never given incremental margin guidance but I would just say this. That to get from where we are today to our ultimate target, and if you know we're driving towards – the organization's driving towards a 55% OR but to get from there, to the 60% by 2019 and then beyond that to the 55%, requires that on an annualized basis you get somewhere in the neighborhood of 50% incremental margin on volume growth. So it clearly will be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter depending on other factors but that's kind of the way I think about it. We've got sort of an over the longer period of time that 50% give or take is generally speaking what it's going to take to drive to our objectives.
Rob Knight: Yes, David, again, If I sound like a broken record. You heard me say this many times. We would hope that all that plays out as you define. But we've given up trying to give guidance on what mix is going to be because again, I would say probably us more than most we are in so many diverse markets which is a huge strength in the. UP franchise that there's a lot of moving parts and there's a lot of mix within commodity groups. So I would be reluctant to give any kind of guidance on what mix is going to look like going forward.
Rob Knight: Look Scott, I didn't gave and we won't give the specific percentage increase guidance, but yes, our message is that with the challenges that Beth has outlined in some of our markets and favorable pricing we are still enjoying in the other markets, you combine that against a higher inflation expectation, of course that's calculated as you know on a different base, that our dollars we yield, which is how we calculate our price, the dollars we yield from pricing in 2017 we expect to be above the dollars we expend in the inflation buckets, albeit potentially and likely narrower gap than we saw in 2016.
Rob Knight: No, I wouldn't say that. Again, it will be lumpy, but I would say as we have said all along, going back even the days of Project 75, if you look at the progression that we've made, it really is the same levers that we have at our disposal and that's volume, pricing to market, and productivity. And those three levers are still the levers that we wake up every day pushing to our advantage. But they will be lumpy and sometimes markets dictate how much of that lever you're able to pull from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year but I would not say that that changes our – certainly doesn't change our focus and our commitment to getting to that 60% but from quarter-to-quarter all of those levers can result in a lumpiness between here and there. But we are very focused on that and I would say that a big part of the success that we are enjoying, have been enjoying here of late is that turbo charged if you will productivity result.
Rob Knight: Yes, Scott. We haven't given guidance on certainly not quarterly guidance on operating ratio. But I would tell you that Cam and his team…
Rob Knight: Yes, on headcount. But I would tell you that with Cam and his team and the entire organization's continued focus and commitment on productivity we are confident in our ability as volume hopefully recovers to continue to squeeze out productivity. Having said that, I would expect that certainly for the full year 2017, as I said earlier, our headcount will move up or down with volume. We hope it's up. We hope volume's positive but not one for one because there is still an assumption of continued turbo charging our productivity. We are in a position of being very ready if you will with our resources to absorb the single-digit growth in volume that we're anticipating this year. By the way, not just headcount but that stands true for locomotives as well.
Rob Knight: Ravi, if I can just – this is Rob. Just kind of back to the first part of your question, I just want to make sure I am clear on what you were suggesting. Lance is right, we're not going to give specific pricing guidance but I would just clarify. That we are not saying don't take from what I have said about our pricing plans against inflation for 2017 as being any kind of an indicator of whether that means pricing's going up or down. I mean what we're saying is that we are still committed to that pricing yield dollar being above the inflation expense but I did say we do anticipate that that gap of the yield above inflation dollars will narrow in 2017. So I didn't say what the pricing will be. And I would not take that to mean pricings going up at some X amount.
Rob Knight: Yes. Brandon, this is Rob. I would just add that we stay away from giving specific OR guidance, but your straight line math is right. But one thing we know is things aren’t going to be straight line, but we’re going to take advantage of every opportunity we have and if we can front end load that we will. If it ends up being lumpier than that or back ended because of factors in the marketplace, that’s the way it will play out.
Rob Knight: I’ll start, and then if Cameron would like to add some Technicolor, he’s welcome to. So Amit, when you think about the productivity that we have, Cameron and team and the rest of the executive leadership team have removed cost from our structure. It’s come out in different ways. Our overhead, management and administrative burden has been reduced. I do not see a need to increase that as we grow into the future, so that’s fundamentally changed how we drop revenue to bottom line to some extent. From an operating perspective, Cameron and team have done a tremendous job at reducing what we’ve considered kind of structural wastes like re-crews. That’s where a crew is required to take a train to destination other than the train that originate or the crew that originated with the train. That’s pure waste. And the fact that we’re now at record low levels and intend to stay there has kind of structurally reduced our cost base. There’s hundreds of examples like that that tell us that, A, it’s real productivity, real-time, right now; and B, we don’t anticipate it growing back to the same levels it was historically. Now, clearly when our volume declined, there was some just pure volume reduction in costs because we didn’t need as many, for instance, TE&Y or as many mechanical forces to support the business. And as we grow, we expect that to grow back but not one for one as we’ve said before.
Rob Knight: Yes. This is Rob. Amit, as you obviously know, there’s a lot of devils in the details if you will in terms of how and when and if that will all play out. I would just say you’ve sized it right. And my expectation of any tax reduction benefit that may result would flow to the benefit of the Company. I mean, we’re not sitting here thinking about making – holding back, making capital investment decisions based on the tax rate as an example. So I would anticipate that that wouldn’t impact sort of how we treat that and I think it would be to the benefit of us and our shareholders if that played out and we would have the expectation of hanging onto it.
Rob Knight: Let’s answer that from the perspective of would we take a windfall and some how apply it to capital projects that are not funded and the answer is no. We fund the capital projects that we think are appropriate for the business, that’s our first highest order for cash utilization and we’re very satisfied with what we’re spending in capital right now.
Rob Knight: Yes. At a high level, Cherilyn – I mean, you’re right, the big ticket items if you will, if you look at the timeframe that you’re citing would be locomotive and positive train control. I mean, those are two sizable. Beyond that, we always look at kind of a clean sheet approach if you will in terms of capital investments that we’re of confident will drive returns and remember that every year, year in, year out, we spend just north of $2 billion on replacement capital, so everything above that is driven based on commercial decisions and with an eye on returns and capacity expansion, et cetera. So but the big ticket items, I think in terms of the timeframe you’re looking at would be locomotive and positive train control.
Rob Knight: Yes, it is. And just a comment on that; yes, I’m not going to break it out but I would say that the health and welfare component of that is certainly one of the drivers. I mean, there are other drivers but that is a sizable piece of the expectation of overall labor inflation will go up in 2017.
Rob Knight: Yes. Brian, this is Rob. I would just say that overall our overall inflation, I didn’t call out specially just labor, but labor will be a sizable piece of it, our expectation is 3%. And I would just say, that it will be what it will be. But I frankly not speaking for other railroads, but I think in terms of the labor and the health and welfare I would be surprised that if at the end of the day there’s a difference between us.
Beth Whited: Sure. I think the alliances that are happening right now in that international intermodal space are still evolving. There's still a very significant surplus capacity in the marketplace. There's clearly some competition going on between the Panama and the Suez Canal and all of those things are going to play out over the course of the months and quarters ahead and our focus really is going to be on making sure that we have the best service product to handle that business as it comes to us.
Beth Whited: As you know, we don't really give any sort of market specific pricing guidance. But I would say that we're pretty excited about the inflection point we saw in the rigs and them kind of coming up slowly over the second half of last year. A lot of the growth is coming in the Permian Basin which is a strength point in our franchise. So we do expect to see good year-over-year comps in frac sand as the year progresses.
Beth Whited: On to the crude oil business will continue to move away from us. As you know, the production is down, pricing is very difficult. There's more pipeline capacity coming along and that will just continue to go away from us as we progress throughout the year, down 71% in the last quarter, probably going to continue to see it fall away.
Beth Whited: There's a lot of uncertainties and what's going to happen as those facilities come online. And they will start to come on let's call it second half of 2017 and kind of throughout into 2020. It's still unclear how much of that product will move domestically. How much of that product will go to export markets. As it goes to export markets will it leave directly from the Port of Houston. Will it come into an inner point for packaging and then go off to the West Coast. So I don't think we have any prediction to give you there. We're just pretty excited that our Gulf Coast franchise gives us the opportunity to reach a lot of those plastics facilities and we intend to participate to the degree that we're asked to.
Beth Whited: So I think you probably heard us quote some numbers before but just as a refresher, about 40% of our business is international with a fair portion of that being Mexico and then the rest being truly global business. And we do as you said see a lot of grain in that. Clearly there's other grain products as well as a number of our industrial products that participate in that global market. Probably a big chunk is also in the vehicles and parts, mostly going back and forth from Mexico. And so there's some puts and takes with that over time because you'll see some things that are advantaged as you're in a strong dollar position but we certainly have seen some challenges with competitive products worldwide really competing against products that are made in the United States.
Beth Whited: Yes, as we think about 2017, we will still continue to see some challenges in places like coal and international intermodal. But we would expect to get some momentum as the markets improve with the economy growing. Additionally, as the year progresses, the trucks and our competitors are going to face some challenges with electronic logbooks and hours of service regulations coming into play, which may also provide us with an opportunity.
Beth Whited: So we have seen what I call a very modest fall-off in inventory levels. We're at around 93 days of inventory which is still call it 80 days above historical levels. So still kind of a challenging stockpile environment. We are, though, in a little different situation than we were in part – in most of 2016, where we have natural gas prices that are considerably higher, $3.40-ish, where last year we spent most of the year in the $2s and even a part of the year under $2. So that gives us some potential for our served plants to be more in the money, and able to burn coal. So the weather of course is going to play a role in it in parts of our network and served plants are experiencing some nice cold winter and we love that. So if you kind of put that all together, we've got favorable comps, a better natural gas environment, stockpiles that are still a bit high, and weather is always going to be kind of the swing factor.
Beth Whited: We were over 100 days at one point and I can't recall what they were in the first quarter of last year but it's not a substantial decline and it's still well above historic levels.
Beth Whited: We do have a pretty large carry-out in the ag markets and we still continue to see pretty strong shipments all through the fourth quarter going to export markets. So I’m not sure what data you’re referencing when you talk about it being down from third to fourth, but…
Beth Whited: Okay, sorry. Yes, it was – we had a very strong fourth quarter, huge carry-out remains in the market. I think the carry-out numbers are up something like 10% across the different grain categories versus year-ago levels. It’s going to be impacted by the same thing it’s always been impacting by, which is world grain capabilities, what kind of harvest we see in the United States this year and then of course this is an area where we do see impacts from the U.S. dollar strength. I don’t know if I got all the pieces of your question. There were multiple parts there.
Beth Whited: Okay. Sorry. I didn’t catch that part. Yes, so our grain can move to market in a variety of different ways. It can move all the way by rail to the end destination. Sometimes we’ll see situations where the river is very competitive. So we may move to the river and so that would be a shorter length of haul for us and that might drive some mix changes in the arc. But still very positive yields for us. We wouldn’t say that moving a shorter distance necessarily changes the yield perspective.
Beth Whited: Hey, Tom, it’s nice to talk to you again. I would say that we feel really good about our ability to continue seeing domestic intermodal growth. We’re very focused on highway conversions. We have an expectation that there could be some tightening truck capacity later in the year and that could be very beneficial to our intermodal market as well. On the international side, I think it’s really hard to predict what’s going to happen in international intermodal this year. As I alluded to before, there’s just a lot of moving parts in that business with the alliances evolving, all the overcapacity and what I’d call some in-fighting about which ports are the ultimate winners. We’ve seen the West Coast ports kind of bounce back from the levels that they were at during the – immediately following the ILWU issues. But the Gulf ports and the East Coast ports are still kind of duking it out. It will be on balance hard to predict what happens in international intermodal I would say.
Beth Whited: As far as I’m concerned, I think that Eric was a wonderful leader for the department. He set a lot of strategies in place that focused our entire organization on pricing and we will continue along that pricing path in the manner that Rob has laid out for you today. In terms of changes, of course we’re always going to try to evolve and change with the marketplaces but we’re going to keep our focus pretty simple. We’re going to keep trying to grow volume on a network. We’re going to try to retain the great customer base that we’ve already got. And we’re going to keep taking price in the marketplace as circumstances allow.
Beth Whited: Sure. I guess what I would say is that we’re always in competitive marketplaces where we have trucks or other railroads who are making decisions about what makes sense for their business and our focus really is on ensuring that we’re getting reinvestable pricing that makes sense to us for our business. Now, from time to time markets change and you’ll see pricing change and we have to make decisions about whether or not we should meet the market where it is and we do that thoughtfully with the idea that our ultimate goal is to make decisions that represent our customer value proposition and what we think the value that we provide in the marketplace is.
Beth Whited: I wouldn’t say that we still believe that we have opportunities to grow in our ag business that as I mentioned before. And there’s a lot of dynamic that’s have to happen, but the grain carry-out is strong. We don’t know what will happen with the crop yet. We have a lot of grain products, things like biodiesel and ethanol that are moving pretty solid for us and then we continue to have opportunity in our refrigerated business to grow. So I think you have to decide how you want to put that into your model. But in general, we feel pretty good about our ag business in 2017.
Beth Whited: Yes. For our industrial products market, there’s – as you know, it’s kind of a market basket, has a bunch of different things in it. One of the biggest growth areas we’ll see in 2017 will be frac sand and I mentioned earlier that we’ve really seen rig counts come up and fortunately for us a lot of them are in the Permian Basin and we believe that’s going to give us some opportunity to participate. But we do think that as we see the economy get some more legs and momentum, that we should have an in line opportunity to participate in that expansion in things like construction products and lumber specifically. Those are probably the key areas where we see growth. But I would say that we view that whole market basket as being pretty stable to growing in 2017.
Beth Whited: I would say the SAAR predicts pretty stable volumes for us into 2017, but as you suggest, we will lap that contract that we discussed in the early part of 2017 and so after that you should see us kind of participate in the market as it moves.
