John Koraleski: Thanks, Robin, good morning everybody. Welcome to Union Pacific’s first quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of marketing and sales, Lance Fritz, President and Chief Operating Officer and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning we’re pleased to report that Union Pacific achieved first quarter earnings of $2.38 per share, an increase of 17% compared to the first quarter of 2013 and another all-time quarter record. Total volumes were up 5% and the increase was broad-based. We saw growth in five of our six business groups with particular strength in agricultural shipments, industrial products and coal. The volume growth combined with solid core pricing and a continued focus on safety service and efficiency drove a 2 point improvement in our operating ratio to a record 67.1% for the quarter. As you all know this winter was one for the record but especially in the upper Midwest. So we're proud of the efforts of the men and women of the Union Pacific who worked tirelessly to serve our customers despite these weather challenges and helped us to achieve a solid start to the year. So with that let's get into it. I'll turn it over to Eric.
John Koraleski: Okay. Thanks, Rob. As we put this winter behind us, we're off to a good start for the year. As always, there's going to be some challenges ahead. But we also see opportunity. In the weeks ahead, we'll be focused on restoring the fluidity of our network after the winter slowdown. We're absolutely committed to pursuing the excellent service our customers expect and deserve. It's a cornerstone of our on-going success. Our value proposition to our customers depends on it. Strong service goes hand in hand with improvements in network in asset utilization that are so critical to our future. Another potential challenge for the entire industry is the uncertain regulatory environment, which is being played out in Washington D.C., Canada and Mexico. We're watching things closely on all fronts making sure that regulators truly understand the importance of a healthy growing rail industry. We're also watching the weather and the economy very closely. There's still a lot of year ahead of us, so we'll have to see how the summer burn plays out for coal demand and how the 2014 crops will fair everything from planning through harvest. As far as the economy goes, a lot can change between now and the end of the year. But at this point, we're seeing some signs of gradual economic improvement. And we're encouraged by the opportunities it presents. With the power and the potential of the Union Pacific franchise, we'll leverage these opportunities to drive record financial performance and shareholder returns this year and in the years' to come. So with that, let's get started and open it up for your questions.
John Koraleski: Yes. I think you're exactly right, Chris. I think as we move towards the end of the quarter, we were catching up from some of the issues in the early quarter. But our volume outlook is still fairly decent for the year. So Eric, you want to …
John Koraleski: Yes. It really kind of depends on the individual markets, Ken. For instance, the short haul move that Eric referenced on the waste product is a customer of ours that just historically last year had moved for nine months, and this year really picked up a volume in the first. So that's kind of an on-going issue for us. Rob, do you want to -- do you have any more with the …
John Koraleski: As Rob said, if we can get our re-investability threshold met, we're happy to take the business.Ken Hoexter – Bank of America: That's great insight. Thanks. Just a follow up on the locomotive side, and I guess demand side overall. You noted demand kind of creeping in a little bit on a gradual improvement. If we start seeing, I guess, a faster pace of improvement, what's your thoughts on your ability to handle it to take the capacity access locomotives, your infrastructure's ability to handle it? Maybe it's a Lance questions in terms of scalability of the infrastructure and available capacity.
John Koraleski: It is. If you think about how many locomotives we have left in surge right now. It's a little over 300. That's bearing in mind that we brought in what was at 600 locomotives since the fall with a large portion those not driven by volume, but instead driven by trying to overcome winter's impact. So we've got surgery resources that will be able to handle it.
John Koraleski: That's perfect. Rob is absolutely right. Mirroring what Rob says about our drive to an improved OR, there's -- we don't set a limit as just offset inflation. We look for efficiency and productivity everyday through the UP way.
John Koraleski: Jason, if you look at our issues in the first quarter, it was 99% winter. The additional volume and whatever we've taken on either of our own bringing on to the network or anything that might have been diverted on a temporary or permanent basis basically just would have been handled easily by our resources or infrastructure of the investments we've made in the past. So it did not -- the additional business did not stress our network. It was just really the impact of winter weather and the impact that it had not only on Union Pacific but broad-based throughout the industry on our interchange partners.Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: Okay. And Jack, this is a broader question. I asked this on another call the other day. We've had issues with Chicago as an interchange in the real network, the entire topic been an analyst. I mean obviously it was great exacerbated this quarter with winter weather. And I know there's been projects around, like they create a project to try to improve that. What's really just holding the rail in street back from all giving together and really just trying to fix this interchange once and for all? Because it seems like this is something that would benefit sixth or the seventh class once going forward.
John Koraleski: Yes. So we're hoping it won't be a material. You won't see a lot of it in the second quarter from a cost perspective. But it really depends on how it plays itself out.John Larkin – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
John Koraleski: That’s a fairly broad question and so we treat each of those as a very serious issue and we look at them very carefully and closely. So we’re watching what's happening with Needling [ph] proposals the service hearings, the Canadian directed agricultural equipments, the Mexico reform. So in each of those cases we have teams of people looking at working very hard to ensure as I said in my opening remarks that everyone understands the importance of having a viable growing and healthy rail system that’s paid for by private investment and not tax share dollars. So while we consider each one of those to be a very serious and concerning development it also gives us the opportunity to position all of the great things that not only Union Pacific but the entire rail industry has done by the constant reinvestment and investment of capital dollars to build the transportation infrastructure in this country and actually throughout North America that there is today. So we take them all one by one, if you look at the new discussion around revenue adequacy it’s going to be an opportunity for us to point out the benefits of what’s happened so far, the investment that’s been made, the importance of having decisions that were going to change things to recognize replacement costs, those kinds of things. The service hearings, I think well I think could position us well to tell the story of how even though it was a difficult quarter for the industry, the capital investment made it a lot better than it probably would've been if it had happened five or 10 years ago. In Mexico, we've been working very hard to make sure the government understands the importance in the developments and the volumes that have improved since we took on our concession in partnership with the FXE and that if they look at the throughput and the development of transportation within the country it has certainly helped to grow the Mexico economy. If you look at all the investment from the automotive industry and things like that. So we look at these as every one of them, well, it's a serious issue if it were to go it right, give us a great opportunity to talk about all the good things that have happened. And so we’re not afraid of them, we’re willing to step up to the plate and participate each and every one of them to make sure our story gets told.
John Koraleski: At this point in time as we look at it, the regulatory model is based on railroads being allowed to earn their rate of return and be revenue adequate. And we don't see a lot on the legislative front, there is the railroad antitrust bill that has been introduced but has seen no action and so we haven't really seen a lot on the regulatory front, other than what's happening in the STB and actually as we look at the STB hearings, they are taking a very measured and thoughtful approach to it. So we are in good shape.
John Koraleski: I think overall if you look at our franchise, the Union Pacific franchise, the business is moving into and out of Mexico, it's not going to really change materially, our ability to deliver goods about to the border and also to have taken from the border and deliver them throughout the US.
John Koraleski: Well, great, thank you everybody for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in July.
Robert Knight: Yes. Scott, let me talk about the autos first. As Eric mentioned in his comments, there was a process changed and affected some per diem treatment on some containers. It basically accounts for all of the decline in the autos' arc. On top of that then, as he also pointed out, the mid shift of finished vehicles and more auto parts also had an impact on arc. So we don’t give guidance on what the mix is going to look like or what the arc is going to look like by commodity line, and we don't do it by the way as a company. But directionally, yes, if we see growth in finished vehicles outpacing the growth in auto parts, you would expect that trend to move in that direction. We're not giving that specific guidance, but you're thinking about it right. On the coal, our coal arc was down 4%, roughly half of that was driven by mix. I mean your traditional mix. If you might see, that's a great movement of shorter haul coal moves and less shipments of the higher. In some cases, repriced coal business. And the other half was made up of lower fuel prices drove lower average every car on the arc line. And year-over-year, you're exactly right, there was a small, as you recall we pointed out. It was roughly $15 million of liquidity. The damage is last year that did not repeat this year. That at this point, I don't see that our trend is continuing throughout the year. So that had a little bit of an impact on our coal arc line as well. And that piece was about 1.5, if you will, of the 1.5% of the 4% decline.
Robert Knight: Yes. Scott, I mean we hope you're right. I mean there's a lot of things that have to play out. I mean we certainly hope for the economy cooperates fuel prices as you've heard us speak many times. It can have an impact directly on the margins and the operating ratio. So as we've said all along on this financial improvement journey over the last decade, we're not looking at the sub-65% as an endpoint and we're not going to slowdown. We're going to get there safely and efficiently as we can. And if all the stars line, the economy cooperates and we move in direction that we hope everything happens, we get there as soon as we can. But our best look at this point in time is that it looks to us like it's sometime before 2017.
Robert Knight: I mean that part of business that is tied to the All-LF and there were timing differences. And as you've heard us comment many times, they're not all the same. Those contracts and those pieces of our business that are tied to the All-LF have different timeframes of when they trigger. So you pick that into consideration. But directionally, if inflation increases and as All-LF in fact reflects that, that part of business that is tied to All-LF will increase. Yes.
Robert Knight: Yes, next year, Bill, as you've heard us say several times, we've got roughly $300 million of revenue which tends to be sort of frontend a business that we will compete for in the marketplace. But it's about $300 million of legacy revenue next year.
Robert Knight: Lance could comment on this as well. But I would say, potentially. Again, as what you're referring to, Bill, as you know is we set the price the business to market, achieve a successful above inflation sort of pricing environment. And then in addition to that, offset, and we challenge ourselves to offset all. But if we hit 50% of offsetting inflation through productivity, that's a great model. And to your point, we're in a lower inflation area environment and a positive volume environment that gives us more options to do as well as we can on that.
Robert Knight: Rob, as you know, we don't give that level of guidance. But as you heard me say many times, for us to get from where we are today to our sub-65, and we're not going to slow down to get there in time. We get there as efficiently as we can. As soon as we're going to get 50% kind of number on incremental margins from here to there, there can be lumpiness from quarter to quarter depending on volumes of weather and other issue, fuel prices and other issues. So, you know, we're going to keep doing as well as we can. But I've shied away from getting specific quarterly guidance on that incremental margin number other than to get to our sub-65, we've got to continue to make good progress.
Robert Knight: Yeah, I mean you have heard me say this many times but the way we calculate price at Union Pacific is how much price do we yield in a particular time period against our entire book of business. I am very proud of the way we calculate it because it’s the most conservative way of looking at it. What I pointed is that, so what that means that if we bring on a new piece of business or business that we haven't had for over a year let’s say, that business might come on at great margins, of course we’re very focused on bringing on at the right margins at the market level pricing. But it wouldn’t show up in the new price, I mean it wouldn’t show up in the year-over-year calculation of price. So you’re exactly right, when we point out that our pricing was up 2% and all the headwinds we faced, low legacy number light and All-LF impact, the reason that we were able to expand our margins is we were able to leverage the business, leverage the new volumes that came on and as new business came on, we are confident we are pricing it right but it doesn’t show up in the pricing number, but it shows up in our margins.
Robert Knight: I mean clearly pricing is a tool along with productivity and other things that we do, but at the end of the day margin expansion is clearly the ultimate driver, the ultimate answer.
Robert Knight: You heard us say this before but our interest in this is we don't want to see something that erodes commerce in Mexico and we think one of the unintended consequences of potential bill is that that it would create less commerce in Mexico. But as you know the only railroad that crosses 6 border crossings in and out of Mexico, so we just like to see commerce continue to grow and volumes continue to one across the border both ways and we are ready to handle it.
Robert Knight: Sure, Ben, as I look at car inventory on our railroad right now the large majority of the growth year-over-year is about winter impact and I am expecting that portion of inventory to ultimately bleed off as we’re able to interchange it off to other carriers or ultimately get it to a customer on our own railroad. There is some amount of that growth that’s driven by unit volume growth and what I really look at and care about is car productivity as opposed to the absolute inventory number. The absolute inventory number is important for me as an overall indicator but what we really try to drive is good utilization of the cars that are on us.
Robert Knight: On that line, a big offset if you will to wage inflation has been the pension expense, pension side of the equation and that’s been the reason why I say that our labor line for the full year is expected to be below 2%.
Robert Knight: I mean roughly a quarter of our business is tied to an escalator, AII-LF being the major driver of the escalations that we use. I would also then add to that, Eric responded earlier to the intermodal question of what capability does it to have to take pricing up throughout the year and we’ve got a mix of long-term contracts, we’ve got a mix of short-term contracts, we’ve got a mix of annual quotes if you will. So we look to take advantage and move and price to market wherever we can. We don't give specific guidance by commodity as to how much we can touch with any particular timeframe but across our entire book of business. We look to price to market where we have the opportunity.
Eric Butler: Yes. Chris, as Jack said, clearly, there were some catch up, particularly when you think about the difficulties that the winter had on the automotive business. And then deep in coal utilities, there was a strong coal burn, and so there was some catch up there. You can also think about our grain business and the grain harvest. There's a natural processing in the first quarter shipping the record corn harvest that we had in the fourth quarter. But like Jack said, I'm pretty optimistic about a slowly-strengthening economy for the balance of the year. Slowly strengthening economy across our book of business will have positive impacts. Plus, we continue to have a strong valued proposition. And so we're optimistic for the balance of the year.
Eric Butler: Yes, I would say this. Those kind of balance in and out. Inventories are quite low. As you probably know, there are about 21 days below what would be considered normal. So they're quite low. But there's no kind of imbalance between short and long haul that would have a mix change for the future.
Eric Butler: And then the other thing is when you think about our northern region, think about that's where the grain is, that's where frac sand is and our model is sitting there and also our coal business. And so, those were all some fairly decent volume gains just intrinsic in the business itself.
Eric Butler: Yes, tonnage. When you think about Colorado-Utah coal, there was some easy comps year over year. We do continue to expect in the outlook to see a Colorado-Utah coal being a good source for export coal as the export coal opportunity strengthen in the future. But I think if you think about it going forward, Southern Powder River Basin growth will probably outpace Colorado-Utah growth going forward in terms of upside opportunity.
Eric Butler: That depends on the origin and destination pair. But that's probably not an unreasonable expectation. But it depends on the origin of destination pair.
Eric Butler: Yes. We're very excited about our frac sand franchise. We think we have the premier origination franchise and we think a significant portion of the new mines that are coming online in the Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois region actually are coming on. Our franchise, at least access our franchise. So we're pretty optimistic about the longevity and the outlook from that standpoint. At the end of the day, it's really going to be drilling that really drives the consumption of frac sand and the drilling trends in terms of longer mines, longer drilling, deeper drilling, deeper horizontal more fracing all are pointing to significant continued growth in frac sand consumption, on those the really interesting friends in Texas in particular for Permian basin and Eagle Ford basin, I think in January I don’t know, the February March numbers have come up but in January Texas had an all-time record of production of oil in terms of record just going back to the early 80s. So as long as those drilling trends continue you'll see the frac sand demand continue and we have a premier frac sand franchise.
Eric Butler: Turbos [ph] is north, south, it’s not as long as some east west moves but it is a pretty good part of our franchise.
Eric Butler: As we said we continue to price the market and we are continuedly focused on taking advantage of strong demand. As you mentioned the CSA is having an impact on trucking capacity, had an impact in the winter because of the safety concerns that probably were, was some trucking capacity that self selected themselves out of taking trips on the most difficult portion of the winter weather, because of the concern of the risk with CSA. But we continue to think that the intermodal opportunity is strong, trucking capacity is tightening and we continue to think that that's a good outlook for our book of business.
Eric Butler: As we have talked in the past, a portion of business is in different segments, some in long-term contracts, some in one year contracts that rotate or come up throughout the year, some in instruments that you can change on a relatively frequent basis. Our intermodal business has the same kind of profile and as we have opportunities based on demand and market prices we will them.
Eric Butler: I think we have said several times in the past that with the relatively low natural gas prices, futures is still I think around 450 or something like that. You’re seeing a lot of plastics development coming on a number of different plants that have been announced for expansion, I think we said in the past and in previous earnings releases that most of those will come on in 2016, 2017 that we continue to see strong upside opportunity from that. Our fertilizer business we continue to see a strong upside opportunity in our fertilizer business. So fertilizers, plastics, industrial chems, we think are long-term positive outlooks.
Eric Butler: So we did open our Santa Teresa facility April 1 of this year and we think that, that will be a strong lever for us for that market, that market. I think we talked publicly that, that new ramp has about 250,000 less capacity, if you think about our domestic intermodal business is 1.6 million units, so we are seeing a strong growth with our products and services across-the-board, certainly new product offerings from Santa Teresa will add to that. But we are seeing strong growth across the board.
Eric Butler: So the current strength is, the strength that we are seeing across our book of business, when ramp opens up there is a gradual ramp up and there is going to be a gradual ramp up in Santa Teresa. The current strength in our intermodal business is depending on slowly growing economy and our value proposition and that’s an across the board opportunity for our book of business rate.
Eric Butler: As we have spoken before, there are number of different terminals that are under development both on the West Coast and to the extent also in the Gulf Coast. We’re working actively and part of our strategy is to strengthen franchise we cannot direct when and where crude oil will flow, that’s determined by strength that our franchise wants, to, we will ensure we have a franchise that landed when and where at once they flow.
Eric Butler: It will be market based and we will price to take advantage of the value of our franchise whether it’s going to the west coast or to the Gulf Coast.
Eric Butler: As we have said previously, the Permian basin has great coverage, pipeline coverage and that's where most of the production growth has taken in the state of Texas. So if you look at our crude by rail volumes from the Permian they actually had decreased significantly, we have said that in the past. And they are really nominal and going forward there may be some spot opportunities for crude by rail in the Permian but the Permian has great pipeline coverage, we don't expect that to be a driver of any crude by rail volumes going into the future. It is a driver of our drilling materials volumes like frac sand and pipe.
Eric Butler: Yeah, so we are, as I mentioned before, looking at the destination franchise, for crude by rail into California. At this point in time, the market is suggesting a lot of that will be sourced from Canada or the Bakken. There are those in the market we believe that Permian will go to California. If that happens we will be prepared for it but I think the market today is suggesting majority of crude by rail in California will come from Canada or the Bakken.
Lance Fritz: Sure. So Ken, we feel pretty good about fluidly handing the volume that Eric is bringing on for the network. If you think about where we are right now, the first quarter was, what, 179,078 car loads. We've publicly said we think our network can handle 195,000 plus with a very good excellent service product. So we're looking forward to that volume. Of course, it's dependent to some degree on exactly where it shows up. But you know, we've been putting capacity into the network in anticipation of that, and we feel pretty good about handling the volume.
Lance Fritz: So as we spin up volume and our operating stats improve, we'll actually be seeking some power out of the network and putting it back in storage.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Absolutely, Jack. And there's something that the participants in Create have been public about, and that is since the start of Create, we've taken a half a day out of the time it takes for a car to transfer through Chicago side to side, end to end, which is real progress. It's down by about a third. And this year's winter was epic. And in the absence of Create and the Chicago Planning Group and the coordination that the interchange railroads undertook, it would have been a much worse outcome. Clearly, lessons learned, but it was effective.Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: And Lance, what do you think that number can come to? You said it's down by a third. I mean will it keep down by …
Lance Fritz: No. So think about it like this. We've got 17 capital projects already in place, complete. There are 20 are in designer underway, and so each one of those is going to help. So there's still fair amount of upside in terms of reducing the time it takes cars contributors.Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: Okay. Jim, I really appreciate the time as always.
Lance Fritz: Yes. Okay, John. So we are very encouraged by what we see happening on our network right now. We're confident that sometime in the second quarter we will be back to normal. We're working to make that as soon as possible. And in terms of Chicago interchange, that's a difficult question for me to answer because it's dependent on how quickly the networks of interchange railroads come up to speed. What we see right now is real solid improvement as we've exited winter.
Lance Fritz: No, Brandon, what we typically say is 195, 200,000, several days we could handle fluidly and we say that because in 2006 we peaked at a number about like that very different service product at that time and since then we improved processes, we’ve invested capital, we have more surge capacity and that's what gives us the confidence level. From the point of view of handling the volume that Eric’s team is bringing on right now and for the rest of the year, absent some acute areas where maybe we've got a very specific capacity constraint we feel very good about being able to satisfy that with a high service product.
Lance Fritz: Sure, so first thing to note is, we have a couple of tier 4 test units that are on us, wired up so that we can fully understand with the OEM involved, what the economics and what really the overall performance metrics of those units look like. It is not certain what efficiency impact a tier four locomotive is going to have in relation to a tier 3. I know the OEMs are working very hard to make fuel consumption rates roughly equivalent and so there's more to follow there. And in terms of will delta in that make a fundamental difference in the LNG economics? The answer is that’s probably a minor impact, the major impact is utilization infrastructure costs and couple other elements.
