Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, Chief Operating Officer; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer.  This morning Union Pacific is reporting 2019 fourth quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.02 per share. This compares to $1.6 billion or $2.12 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at 59.7%, a 1.9 percentage point improvement compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. 
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. As discussed today, we leveraged strong productivity to deliver solid fourth quarter and full year financial results. Unified Plan 2020 continues to serve as a catalyst for improved productivity and a better service product.  Looking ahead to 2020, we are committed to operating a safe railroad and providing highly consistent, reliable and efficient service for our customers while focusing on opportunities to grow the business and improve margins.  Our strong operating performance in 2019 gives us confidence that as we attract business to our network, we’ll leverage it very efficiently generating strong free cash flow and improve financial results.  This is going to position us to continue investing in our network and returning excess cash to our shareholders. So with that, let’s open up the line for your questions. 
Lance Fritz: And, Scott, regarding your question on the volume to top side and the impact on OR, the way we’ve wired up the plan right now and what we’ve shared with everybody this morning, we do expect to see some volume growth.  Now, take that exactly as intended which is, it can be very small, but we do expect it to be a plus sign, not a minus sign. And as you point out, the first part of the year is challenged. It’s still got headwinds against tough comps on international intermodal and of course a loose truck market and natural gas pricing against coal.  But when you take it all into account, you take some of the impacts that we expect to see from the recent trade deals and tightening of the truck market we anticipate the second half looks better. All put together, that wires up for us to something like a 59 operating ratio and that’s what we are pursuing right now. Of course, there is a lot of moving parts and it’s early in the year. So, we’ll just continue to manage as we see the markets evolve. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, Brian, this is Lance. So, the Phase 1 trade deal essentially takes China as a headwind and sets it up to be a potential tailwind. Very high level, they are committing to over doubling their purchases of U.S. goods with a concentration in Ag in some other areas.  That if it comes true, or if even a large portion or even a half of it comes true, it’s a really nice tailwind for us going into the next couple of three years. So that there is – it just basically turns a headwind into a tailwind. 
Lance Fritz: Hey Ken, this is Lance. And I’ll start by just making sure we lay a crystal clear expectation of ourselves in 2020. And that is, we expect as part of the $500 million in productivity to have both carryover productivity, which is some of the headcount question that you are asking about, as well as incremental productivity.  If our volume is flat this year, we are going to have incremental employee productivity. If our volume grows, we will not add back resources at the same pace that we will grow. Now we are expecting growth to be pretty minor, I think is probably the right word and it’s largely second half.  So, we are building kind of a cautious plan that gives us flexibility depending on what actually occurs as the year progresses. So I just want to be crystal clear about that. There is – we are sharing with you what we are comfortable sharing at this point. But the expectation is, continued productivity, some carryover, more realize through action and we’ve got plenty of actions up against that. 
Lance Fritz: Well, I’ll start and say, Tom, that it’s very early, specifically our confidence in the guidance we gave at the first part of the years and we build our plan appropriately. And then what you’ve seen from us over years is we react as the year is progressing, as things change and universally, we know how to get productivity and we are demonstrating we know how to generate an excellent service product.  One of the things we’ve got to demonstrate this year is growing with that service product. Part of Kenny and the commercial team, they are going to have to learn what the network is capable of and how to sell those products and get customers signed upfront. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, Jordan, this is Lance. I don’t think we put a fine point on exactly what volume is going to look like next year. But let’s walk you through what needs to happen to have volume growth occur. In intermodal, we need international intermodal to get back to normal where U.S. consumers feel healthy and they are consuming and it’s coming in off West Coast ports.  That’s important to us. Domestic intermodal, we need both consumers to feel good. We need truck market to tighten up a bit. So the competitive mode isn’t quite as price aggressive and loose as they are right now. We need the trade deals to have a real impact on agricultural exports and imports.  We need manufacturers in the industrial economy in the U.S. to gain a little bit more confidence and get their feet back under them in terms of capital investment and risk taking and then we continue – a continuation of what’s going on in the petrochem industry from the standpoint of good feedstocks to make U.S. the cost – low-cost competitor for plastics manufacturing and finding markets for that plastic. So there is a lot of moving parts there. It’s not one thing and of course, those moving parts will change over the course of the year. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, Chris, great question and thank you. So, the way I think about it is, if I could just invent the year that I would love to have in 2020, it would have a stronger upside. It would be a great mix. If I could magically make it happen, I’d like to see frac sand come back stronger. I’d like to see natural gas to go to $3.50 or $4 and take some of the pressure off coal. And I’d really like to – Kenny hears this every day.  But I’d really like to see and experience the commercial team just relentlessly selling the new service product and getting a lot of traction quickly on convincing our customers that it’s got staying power and what it means to their supply chains and being built deeply into their supply chains. That would tee up a pretty sweet year.  From the productivity side of the world, I have all the confidence in the world that our operating team, Jim, Tom, they are going after it as hard and strong as they can and it would be a blessing to have more top-line to work with.
Lance Fritz: Walter, we are closer to that time than we were this time last year and you and the rest of our investors and analysts will be the first to know when we are ready to put a stake in the ground. 
Lance Fritz: Well, clearly, we are a significant fixed cost business and what we’ve demonstrated in long-term variable cost, there are different pieces that have different lives in terms of being able to adjust up or down. So, in an environment that you just mapped out, which is the one we’ve lived the last five years, if volume is going down and it’s going down in dramatic fashion, it is hard to keep up.  I think, one of the reasons that we are placing our employee base and the teams so much on this call is that, they’ve done a hell of a job in a pretty difficult volume environment seeking out productivity even in the fourth quarter being a great example. You got volumes down double-digit percent and yet, we generated what, a couple hundred million dollars in productivity in the quarter. 
Lance Fritz: No, we are not going to size that up, but what we’ve expect out of coal this year is it’s starting up pretty challenging, if natural gas stays at the $2, $2.25 level, it’s going to be a tough year. 
Lance Fritz: Just let me step into that Allison. So, we’ve always been targeted on our capital and by that, I mean, the very first thing we layer in is, what’s it take to keep the doors open that’s replacement capital and for us this year, on the track side it’s $1.85-ish billion and there is a little bit more when you look over into the equipment side.  And then, from that point, we’ve got to take your mandates like PTC and then we look for opportunity to invest where either there is targeted capital for growth or targeted capital for a service product enhancement which ultimately is growth or productivity. And so, everything that’s in the capital plan is built like that.  It gets our first call on our cash and we are very comfortable that the level we are spending right now is an appropriate level. Sub-15% of our revenue and I don’t really see that changing as we look forward.
Lance Fritz: Well, you know what, it’s always difficult to make big change, but I don’t see any of them, we’ve got a line of sight what we need to do. I think we are going to deliver on those – all those items that I listed of earlier on in the call and I don’t see anything impacting us where we are not going to be able to deliver.  It’s we see line of sight, we know what we have to do. We got the right people that can make sure we deliver it. And I am looking forward to just – and we are doing it in a nice smart measured way so that we don’t impact our service. So, I don’t see anything really holding us up. 
Lance Fritz: Just I want to add on safety, because I think it’s really important that we talked about it for a minute and I appreciate the question. So, key foundation for a railroad and the industry and what we do every day is safety. We are not happy with the – where we are overall. Our goal is this to be the most – the best most efficient railroad in North America and that includes in safety.  So, we’ve got lots of positives that we see on one side of it, but on the other side, about how we handle and measure safety, we need to get better and we are working hard. We’ve seen the trend line gets better at the end of the year and I will expect us to continue that this year. Our goal is us to be the best railroad in North America and that includes the best in safety. So, that’s what we are working towards. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, so with the pass of SMCA it does take a little bit of a headwind and turn it into a tailwind. It was mostly about uncertainty and risk taking and where investment was occurring. So, I would anticipate that will have a kind of a long-term slow positive impact on our overall volumes. 
Lance Fritz: Well, two things and Jennifer could jump in any time. I think, if we could find a buyer for some of the locomotives that we’ve got excess, we were able to dispose of some, we would do that. And as far as a surge fleet, Cherilyn, it all comes down to – we’ve got a number of locomotives in normal status that we could just go turn the switch, fuel them up and start running them.  So, if we needed to put them back in service, it would be pretty easy task and we are talking in the hundreds of that number. So, that’s the surge. It’s sitting there ready to go. 
Lance Fritz: I think, we are going to seize the extension of the Sunset with the CapEx that we are putting in on the sidings that will help, but we also see – to be able to deliver bigger trains with the volume decrease, the team did a great job.  So, if we see a volume will help us, if we have a slight uptick in volumes, but on top of that, I see benefit across the whole network. We are just starting down on the train length in every one of the corridors. So there is a little bit in all of them. A major piece will be the – through the capital investment, Cherilyn. 
Lance Fritz: All right. Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your questions and for being with us on our call this morning. We look forward to talking with you again in April as we discuss our first quarter 2020 results. Thanks.
Jennifer Hamann: Hi, Scott. This is Jennifer. Yes, that 8% is a full year average and it does imply some further reductions from here. I think if you just roll forward where we are at into 2020, it would be around 6% or so. So, we are looking for further gains and obviously, volumes will depend on that and we are going to continue to try to improve our efficiency overall, but that’s our view today. 
Jennifer Hamann: So, Ravi, this is Jennifer. You’ve heard us talk about the long-term target and I think you’ve also heard us say, and remember that when we first put that out there, we were not in the phases of adopting Unified Plan 2020. And so, now that we are in that we are even more confident in our ability to get there. But we have also talked about it in terms of kind of the three levers in terms of volume, price and productivity and certainly what helps us to this point has been the price and productivity.  We’ve not had as much on the volume side. And so, with the great service product that the operating teams put together, we feel very confident about our ability to start bringing that volume on and we will leverage that very efficiently. But we still have obviously great productivity opportunities ahead as well.  We said that we are looking to get about another $500 million here in 2020. That’s off of $590 million in 2019. So, those are big numbers and we feel very good about that. So, we’ll continue to press on all fronts as we move forward. 
Jennifer Hamann: So, thank you. Yes, I mean, the headcount reductions are very important for us overall. We’ll continue to push that. The math is, assuming some volume improvement and that we want to leverage that very effectively. So, we are going to continue to push that forward and again, we are saying 8% plus minus is what we are looking for in a full year basis. 
Jennifer Hamann: Sure. So, when we think about productivity and talk to you about, that does exclude volume. So, when we talk about being able to turn around and move to the positive side of the ledger, from a volume standpoint, that’s where you start talking about incremental margins which we think could look very favorable for us.  We think we’ve got a great plan put together for 2020 and feel very good about the guidance that we are giving, 59 OR. Making another very solid step forward in 2020 and we are looking to do that with not much volume and off of a 6% down year this year.  So, I think it’s a good move for us and next solid step down and we’ll continue to press the envelope. But we want to do it safely, reliably, continue providing the really good service product and keep moving forward. But we are not trying to meter our progress either. We are going to try to go as fast as we can. 
Jennifer Hamann: So, Allison, as you know, our margins tend to be follow some of the seasonality. We tend to have some of our weakest – or I guess, highest ORs in first quarter, improve through the year. Third quarter tends to be our best margins then they go down a bit.  Some of that has to do with weather. Some of that has to do with the volumes that we are moving. So, we don’t see anything at this point that would fundamentally change that pattern. We are not going to guide to quarterly numbers. But that’s how you could think of it. 
Jennifer Hamann: Right, and just building off that, I mean, our headcount of 8% plus, minus really is somewhat dependent on what happens with volumes, but again, we feel confident in our ability to drive the productivity and I think you’ve seen us do that this year as the volumes have fallen off. We have been very aggressive in terms of the actions that we’ve taken.  And so, again, to Lance’s point, we feel good about the plan. But there is, we are sitting here on January 23rd. There is a lot of the year left in front of us and we’ll take the actions that we need to take. But we are bullish about the opportunities, particularly as we look to see some volume return to us in the back half of 2020.
Jennifer Hamann: And I would just say, to add on to what Lance said, there is a 59 OR for us would be a new record level for us. It’s an area that we’ve not gotten to and so, we are going to continue to push the envelope and go as far as we can. But we felt good about the performance that we had this year.  But you know, we got there a lot differently than the way we thought we could when you think about the fact that we came into the year thinking we were going to have a couple points of volume growth that ended up down 6%.  We certainly didn’t anticipate the weather events that we encountered. So, to Lance’s point, we are going to be very diligent about working hard to pull all the levers that we can and be aggressive to make improvements. 
Jennifer Hamann: I think it was slightly positive year-over-year when you think about, in particular although we had - coal was certainly down, but the intermodal piece was down significantly as well. So, a little bit positive. 
Jennifer Hamann: So, David, you are talking about on a revenue ton mile basis, how should we think about our cost structure. I mean, one of our challenges that we put to the team every year is that, we want to offset inflation. But when you have some of your higher RTM, I think this is where you are getting to your heavier tonnage volumes falling away from you.  That does make it harder for the team to be able to keep up with that. But I think that’s the great power of the UP franchise is the productivity that we’ve been able to drive and the work that’s underway, quite frankly to get better at that, and to be even much more diligent with that and actually weight can be a help to us as we try to build those longer trains, that’s going to improve our fuel efficiency. 
Jennifer Hamann: No, I think we got a similar question earlier and you know, mix was slightly positive in the quarter. But not a significant driver of that number. 
Jennifer Hamann: This is Jennifer. No, we are absolutely focused on safety as you said and we are not expecting a similar level of casualty costs. We absolutely believe we will be much better in 2020. What that 5% up guidance includes is higher state and local taxes primarily, which is we – as we become more profitable, those taxes go up. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, and just to highlight Cherilyn, so we did in the quarter, reduced our total locomotive fleet by about 300. We sold a couple hundred. We did find a buyer and we scrapped another 100 or so. So, we are continuing to evaluate those things at all points and looking at what’s the best financial decision for us to make as a company.  But we would look forward to bringing those locomotives that are in storage and putting them back into service because we do think that’s the most cost-efficient way to handle future volume growth as to leverage that existing fleet. 
Kenny Rocker: So, first of all, each of our customers have a unique decision tree that they are using when they are trying to figure out whether or not they are going to dispatch coal or they are going to go to natural gas.  I can tell you that our commercial and operating team have been really dogged in sitting down with our customers and looking at ways to improve efficiencies in the supply chain whether that’s train length, whether that’s cycle times, whether it’s things like forecasting by days, we are doing everything we can to make sure that that supply chain is competitive.  When you step back and look broadly at the volume outlook, you look at the petrochem industry and the plastics that we will expect to continue to grow there some other things along with that that are not as large in volume like the feedstocks that will help us out. We also expect continued growth in terms of the petro side of things.  So, the crude oil business and then also if the weather is favorable, the rock shipments in the south, there is still a lot of upside there and a lot of growth in the south. Now, those are just the markets and you also think about the second half of the year. There is still some positives that I am expecting will happen on the trade side and that will not just impact positively on the Ag side during the, call it the September time range, but also our international intermodal side. So those are things that from a market perspective we expect to happen. Having said all those things, our commercial team has a very aggressive mindset to say regardless of whatever the market happens we need to go out there and win because we have a better service product. So we are going out there. We are creating intermodal products.  We’ve got a – this is all public information. We have a product for our international intermodal business that’s with Northern Iowa Railroad and Valor Victoria. On the Bulk side, we are going out and securing more business based on the new service product that we have for our grain products moving west. So, you heard about the markets and it’s also good to hear about the mindset of our commercial teams. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, we are seeing some tightening occur now and what I call it is, we do feel like we are at the floor. Again, it’s some of the things play out with trade we are expecting by mid-2020 to tighten more – for me to put a hand on whether or not it’s going to get back to normal level, that’s hard to say.  But we do in talking to all of our customers and seeing some of the bankruptcies that have taken place in the market, we expect for it to certainly be a better truck environment for us to compete in.  Finally, just as we think about the truck market, I just want to emphasize on our premium - our intermodal network, our service product has improved better. Customers are seeing less dwell for their commodities. We’ve talked about the reduced complexities in Chicago. And so, all of those things really create a lower cost structure that gives us a lot of confidence that we can compete in the marketplace. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, so, there is – the larger piece of the pie is really on the soybean side and that’s really more of a – probably more, I call it more about a fourth quarter type look for us. Brazil comes in during the first part of the year.  But then there are some other parts of the grain that we could see a slow uptick and as you mentioned, corn would be one of them, milo could be one of them, wheat would be one of them. I think it’s too soon to tell the timing of it. We’ve been talking to our customers and a lot of traders are talking and I’d expect more clarity as we move throughout the year over the next few months. But what you need to hear is that, get into space one trade deal we see it as a positive. 
Kenny Rocker: Hey, I think I’ll add. I think you were asking about export coal. And we said this publicly before, it’s a smaller percentage of our coal book is less than 10%, but yes, it has been impacting our export. Coal has been impacted. We will wait to see what happens with both the weather and natural gas. Natural gas plays a much larger role in how our customers are going to start on what they want to do with coal. 
Kenny Rocker: We actually had tougher comps. I mean, if you think, if you go back to the 2018 fourth quarter, we had a really strong quarter. And so, now what you are seeing is just the comp and we should lap that here in the first quarter of this year. I mean, yes, the first quarter of this year. 
Kenny Rocker: And the only thing I would add, Jordan, is that, really we would see it also open up the imports on the international intermodal side. I mean, that has a pretty sizable improvement of volume growth there too. So just keep that in mind too. 
Kenny Rocker: There is a lot of upside here for us going forward on the Ag side and we are going to do everything we do to take advantage of it. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, I would tell you, it’s – you’ve got formidable competitors on the truck side. And as I mentioned before, we do see that – it looks – it feels like it’s bottoming out. We are expecting that to improve. You got to remember, we are coming from a third quarter to fourth quarter where we had improved service products, better dwell, stronger trip plan compliance and so we really inserted that into part of our value proposition.  So, regardless of the competitive forces out there, we want to make sure that we are pricing the product to the value that we are providing. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, we certainly feel the challenges with the low natural gas. But they – again we’re three weeks into the month, three weeks into the year. I think it’s premature to really look out ahead on what’s going to happen there. Setting aside the Ag and the intermodal business, again, in terms of a timing perspective, the expectation is that the truck capacity should tighten up by mid-2020 and the expectation is that, from a trade perspective, things should get better for us in the second half of the year. 
Kenny Rocker: Well, ideally, that would be short lived some of the products that originate in the Southeast Asia. As you know, a lot of that is going to the East Coast. So with a stronger trade agreement, we’d expect more to come back to the West Coast.  I can tell you that we’ve had really good engagement across the supply chain starting with the international intermodal folks to make the West Coast ports in the U.S. more competitive and we will continue to do that. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, again. As I mentioned – I believe this is a little bit too early to go in and say what’s going to happen out there, three weeks in, yes, we did lap the contract or we will lap that contract here this year on the coal side. 
Kenny Rocker: The only thing I’ll add, I could rather offer few things and I want to just walk you through it. Again, the service product has improved. That’s on tighter standards, so we’ve got a tougher grade now for the customers that containers are being used more efficiently, because the container dwell has gone down. We’ve also inserted technology into our network with our intermodal terminal reservation system, so they get clearer visibility of when they are going to get the container.  When they can expect it? We’ve reduced complexity out there in the networks. Jim talked about Chicago and alluded to Houston out there. We’ve talked about Santa Teresa in the past and the fact that, on an intermodal network, we expect to do a lot of block swaps there. So, really critically being transformative here on the product. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, just – Bascome, thank you – just to give a history lesson here, last year, during the first half, we had, what I’d call both weather and a lot of changes to the network and we were talking proactively with our customers about what would happen by mid third quarter, call it, the second half of the year, our service products at the operating team gave us, I mean, it really picked up and customers really got confidence there.  We have a number of internal measurements and surveys that we do, that we look at really every day and we are seeing that our customers are communicating through and then talking with them that they see it. Our sales teams, they are sitting down with them, laying out the benefits, selling the service, quantifying the value proposition is there. So it’s really setting up a good 2020 for us. 
Jim Vena: Well, baseball finished. So, let’s talk football, it’s right in the middle of the real exciting part. 
Jim Vena: Well, I started on the 20 yard line, or 25 yard line and I don’t think I’ve hit the middle of the field yet. 
Jim Vena: I think, fuel is an area where we can get better. We are investing this year with more locomotives that will make it even easier for us. That’s be able to get some fuel conservation. So we did a lot of work in 2019 and we see the same sort of trend line going. Every railroad is different in their topography, but we feel that there is still money left on the table that we can save and be more fuel efficient.  Bigger trains, more cars on less trains is probably the biggest way for us to get the more fuel conservation. And I’d be guessing on the final number. We are shooting for an improvement from last year and we’ll continue to have that. 
Jim Vena: I wouldn’t change the trend line that what we’ve done in 2019 as an improvement in the trend line in that low 1%, 1.5% sort of gain that we should be able to be more efficient on fuel. So, at this point, that’s what I see for numbers. 
Jim Vena: Hey, Tom. Thanks for the question. So, if we think about – I’ve been doing this for way too long. So, you’d never ever stop looking to productivity gains. You always look for what you can do to make the place better. So, the team delivered a great 2019. I would like to give everybody at Union Pacific a lot of credit with what we’re able to deliver.  But that’s behind us. So, moving forward, we have projects that are short-term. So we have projects across the entire company that will help us to be able to deliver more productivity. Specifically, we have also some projects that will a while. We announced over a $100 million being spent on sidings. We don’t expect to get them in the early part of the year.  That will be later and into next year. So the productivity gains are of this year. We see we have to deliver on that $500 million that we’ve guided to and that means across the board and we see some more coming in the following years.  Never ever in my career have I've gone out somewhere and not found a way to make it a little bit better and improve. So I don’t see that ending this year, but there is a big bucket this year and then it will get a little tougher as the time goes on. 
Jim Vena: Train length is real important. Absolutely, train length is one that we have to deliver on. We think that we can make the terminals even more efficient. So we turn the cars quicker that helps the whole fleet. We’ve got plans to put the intermodal terminals together in Chicago from six down to three. That helps us in the efficiency.  So, the way we handle our locomotives, I think we are not going to get rid of another 2,000 locomotives. We’d only run an output just over 3,000 locomotives now, but we think there is gains there. There is gains on how we repair cars.  There is repair on – there is money on gains on how we move our people around the network. The balancing of the network. There is a long list I could go through and spend an hour taking you through it. But I am very excited with what we have on the table for this year. 
Jim Vena: Yes, and those impacts, Jordan, that’s on basically, China getting out of purchasing U.S. soybeans and going down to Brazil. DDGs which have been on again, off again were off for a fair period of time and it impacted even a little bit of corn, a little bit of wheat. So, the impact on export grain and grain products was pretty broad.
Jim Vena: Yes, Walter. The question of when 55 happens has a fair amount of moving parts, which is why at this point we haven’t put a stake in the ground and say we think it’s at this date certain. We continue to work to try to understand that ourselves and build a model and scenarios that we believe in that get the path there.  But stepping back and just thinking broadly about it, things that help would be favorable mix, more volume growth. I have a lot of confidence, all the confidence in the world in our ability to generate productivity and a great service product regardless of what the environment looks like. And then, making sure we have a pricing environment right.  We constantly talk about those three levers to pull and there is a lot of moving parts on those three levers being volume, price, and productivity. Certainly, productivity is going to get tougher and tougher as we get closer and closer to that 55. We are making a hell of a step. We made a hell of a step in 2019 and we are signing up for another good strong step in 2020 and I think over time, it will become a little more clear to us. 
Jim Vena: Though I don’t see any challenge, that’s the best thing that could happen is, we’ve given Kenny and the whole marketing team a service product that allows them to sell, to be able to go out there and whatever the market can give, so we should be able to win and we want to win with our customers. So, as they come on, and we see a volume increase, that’s the best thing that could happen.  In fact, an increase in business allows us to use the same trains with more railcars on it. It allows us to move things. There is some of course always if it’s a unitrain business that comes on, you have to put new trains on, but we do everything we can to run them on manifest in intermodal trains.  So, I’d be very excited if the market gave us strong growth, we’d put it on the same trains and you’d see a incremental savings in our cost structure for the amount of revenue we bring in. So, that’d be the perfect scenario for us. 
Jim Vena: Well, Jennifer, I think you hit the high spots. What we are doing is this, is we are able to run the capacity. If you look at the capacity in the railroad, we are going to spend some money targeted to make sure that we can operate the trains more efficiently in places where we think we can lengthen the size of the train. But on the most of the networks, this network is built, so that we can handle more traffic. I do not see big investments in locomotives, of course.  We’ve got lots of them parked. I don’t see big investment in railcars. We are turning them faster, but is there going to be some targeted investments that we need for growth and for customer and just cars that are getting old?  Absolutely, keep the place current, sustainable over the long-term. So, I don’t see anything on the railroad where we need to worry about spending capital to make it more efficient or worried about some business coming on.  That’s the best thing that could happen and we will continue to spend capital with the projects that we’ve announced. So, going down and building change in the intermodal franchise in Houston, in Chicago, and stay tuned, we’ll announce some more. We are going to spend capital on those to make ourselves more efficient and have a better service product. So, it’s a great place to be. We got lots of capacity. Let’s bring the business on. 
Jim Vena: Yes, I’ll start and let’s break growth into two pieces. One is, what are the markets like? What’s the ground and the environment in which you are competing and for us as we look into this year, we think, broadly speaking, the markets start getting a little better, right. Significant tailwinds like in trade, like a soft truck market, like the pull ahead to try to avoid tariffs in international intermodal, those things start abating and lapping and so that should create a better environment for us to compete in.  Second part of that question is, controlling our own destiny. And from that perspective, our commercial team historically has had an excellent relationship with their customer base. It’s indicative of how we have implemented Unified Plan 2020, right? At the very beginning, we said our goal isn’t to break a lot of glass and alienate our customer base, so that we have to come back around and go on a charm offensive.  Our intent was, we are going to take our customers along for the ride and keep them well informed and help them see how the changes that we are asking them to go through, as well as we are taking ourselves through to create a much better and much more reliable service product. That has occurred.  That’s in the process of occurring and now our commercial team is taking that and turning it into new business like the business Kenny mentioned up in Northeast Iowa, where we’ve got a intermodal service product at the West Coast that two years ago would have never happened and now it’s generating very attractive volumes. The same is true in the agricultural market, the same is going to be true across our bulk. 
Jim Vena: Yes, that’s a great question, Bascome. We are talking about when is the next good opportunity for us to – in a concentrated way, tell the story of what to expect. And so, stay tuned. We will – when that story is fully baked and needs to be shared, we will share it and it wouldn’t surprise me if it’s later this year. 
