James Young: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Union Pacific's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me in Omaha today are Jack Koraleski, Executive Vice President, Marketing and Sales; Lance Fritz, Executive Vice President, Operation; and Rob Knight, CFO. Union Pacific achieved another strong quarter despite continued weather challenges. We delivered an all-time quarterly earnings record of $1.59 per share, a 14% increase compared to 2010. In addition, we achieved a record second quarter in operating income, up 9% from last year. Cash from operations also hit a best-ever mark for the second quarter. The benefits of our diverse franchise really paid off this quarter. We saw volume gains in 5 of our 6 business groups with strong growth in Ag products and chemical shipments. As I mentioned, we continue to battle massive flooding in the Midwest. Lance will provide more details on this in few minutes. But I just want to comment on the tremendous job our team has done to protect the majority of our network while maintaining very strong customer service level. They really have accomplished an incredible feat. When we look at the financial impact of the flood, we estimate an earnings hit of about $0.04 a share, roughly $20 million of missed coal revenue and around $14 million in flood-related operating cost. Despite these challenges, we remain focused in delivering safe, efficient, high-quality service that guarantees -- that generates value for our customers. As Jack will show, these efforts were recognized with record customer satisfaction results. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jack.
James Young: Thanks, Rob. With the first half behind us, we delivered record financials. Looking into the second half, we expect stronger performance despite some economic uncertainties and ongoing flood challenges. Union Pacific's strong value proposition, our diverse franchise and record service performance, all position us to deliver volume gain, price, and increased productivity over the balance of the year. These efforts will translate into increased value for our customers and stronger cash flows and financial returns for our shareholders. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
James Young: Hey, Justin. I'd tell you. When you think about the second half, there's probably 4 things when you're saying what's the difference second half versus first, just as Jack said. You will have a fall harvest, and even though you've got some massive flooding out here. It's pretty minor in terms of the harvest. And right now, when you look at rain and heat, we should have pretty good harvest. Our coal business should be stronger second half versus first year. Obviously the big part of the flood's behind us. But if you look at the heating days, and you all should be experiencing the weather, we think we've got some real potential on growth there. As Jack said, we do expect a peak season. Christmas will come. It maybe a little bit tighter that's out here. But again, that is a potential upside. And another one, that I think gets missed is, auto production should be stronger, not only new model year coming in, but you have the Japan impact from first -- second quarter that we should say it's still a bit stronger, so I think if you look at the last 5, 6 years, we've always had stronger second half versus first. The only difference was when 2008 and the recession hit. So we -- I'm pretty confident, you're going to see stronger volumes through second half.
James Young: Yes, Justin. This is Jim. Our pricing is that, it was very good in the quarter. And I want you to think about this here. Our areas that we have had the biggest upside from legacy in this business, which is coal and Intermodal had this lowest growth. So when you look at it, we had some negative mix in our business in second quarter. And I'm very confident in our pricing going forward. We're adding a lot of value. We're going to -- when you look at -- again this will be a punch when we look at demand the second half. If demand gets stronger than what we expect, we'll see higher pricing. But I feel good about our pricing plan.
James Young: John, that's always really hard to discern which is which, because they kind of go hand and glove. The mutual commitment program actually has price increases associated with it as well. So it's a change. It's something very different than anything we've ever done before. A lot of customers are testing our commitment and I resolve to follow through with that. I would guess -- that affects probably 65% of my Domestic Intermodal business. I think that was probably a somewhat bigger factor than the pricing.
James Young: Yes, that's my fondest hope. Jon, as we think about it, getting through this first year is critical. Last year, we disappointed customers. We didn't have enough boxes. They're really watching us very carefully in terms of when we make the commitment for the boxes, will they actually be there. Lance and his team are delivering on that. We're going to be there without a doubt. And when they see that we really can do what we're promising and the commitment we're making, I think 2012 will be a much better opportunity. We'll be more in line with the market.
James Young: Yes. Bill, overall, we have probably about 40% to 45% of our business tied up in multiyear contracts. So some portion of that will come up every year because obviously, those are staggered over different time periods. The remaining 55% to 60% of our business is either in tariff or in one-year deals. And that pricing comes up on an ongoing basis. So you guys are always asking us the question how much of our business is locked-in -- regardless of when you ask that question, it's usually about 70%. And those deals are coming up, either the one-year deals, the tariff deals or the renegotiation of contract rates as we go through the year.
James Young: Now, Walter, the only caveat that you'll run into there and I'm not -- we are always dealing with weather in this business, in fact hurricane season is now starting. We have been hit pretty hard here in the first half when you look at the weather. And that's a wildcard for us, second half. So assuming maybe a normal timeline here and whatever that might mean, I'd say there's a little bit upside there. The real lever to me on second half is going to be what happens with the economy. Really consumer demand will be the big or the main factor.
James Young: Yes, I'll let Lance handle that. But we've had a strategy for some time in terms of our overhaul project here in terms of trying to get to one overall versus 2 on a cycle. But go ahead, Lance.
James Young: The key, which you have to think about through here, John, is with fuel at $3.40 a gallon, if you start looking at a locomotive that's pushing that 15-year age limit, you do an overhaul, but you better make certain you understand fuel efficiency, one, and emissions, two, and reliability, three, going forward. So all that comes into the equation there. But we've been doing this for a long time.
James Young: I think that now, from where we were at last quarter, our expectations now is fuel is going to be higher than what we maybe had assumed a quarter ago. But it's anybody's guess with the volatility.
James Young: Okay, here let me add one more thing though. Keep in mind, last year at this time, we didn't have many people in training. So it will be around fourth quarter -- third to fourth quarter that you're going to start to see the year-over-year comps are much more balanced because our training program really started to pick up. It actually started, I mean, we weren't doing much training towards the latter part of the year.
James Young: Hey, Peter, now if they don't, as we said earlier here, with 4,000 attrition this year, we can scale back the cost numbers pretty quickly. We show that back in '08, '09 when we had a short falloff. I'm not betting on that, when you look at it. But I will tell you, we're going to keep a very close look at what has happened with our business volume. And we do have the flexibility to cut back pretty quick. And it's not only on the labor side. It could be your locomotive overhaul program that you look at. I don't think that is going to happen. But we're prepared if this thing goes the wrong way for us to do some things pretty substantial in the cost side.
James Young: Well, David, what we have done is we've set where we believe the rates need to be to recover return on invested capital. And we look at it in somewhat of a replacement context. And if we can't get those kind of rates, again, I've said that earlier, we will walk from the business. We've put a lot of investment in long term. And again, you're right. When you look at what's happened capacity-wise in the water right now, it's not very good. But I can't let that drive our decision when we think long term and what's required for our business right now. Now what you might see is more volatility. Maybe the more it goes the little bit all water. But long term, I still think the value proposition is here. And I've got to get these returns here. It's pretty darn tough to justify the amount of capital we're putting in this business.
James Young: Well, thanks for joining us this morning. I am confident when we talk in third quarter, you're going to see improved performance from what we've had at this quarter. Again, if something the economy cooperates a little bit. So again, we look forward to talking with you.
John Koraleski: Sure. Overall, our customer base is expecting that we still are going to have a peak season. And overall, they're saying it's probably going to be more compressed than what we've normally seen start a little later, more in the August timeframe instead of July. And actually, it could be higher in intensity given the shorter duration of it. I think combination of higher fuel prices as we got into the second quarter here and a lot of uncertainty about what's going on with the debt ceiling and what that impact that'll have on the economy on taxes and things like that has resulted in consumers kind of pulling in a bit. And I think basically a lot of retailers are going to wait and see that resolution before we start shipping before the holiday season. So we're not -- we're kind of staying with what our customers are saying, which is, it's going to be more compressed. It's going to be stronger in intensity, and we're prepared for that. We feel good about that. In terms of the international contract, Justin we're not going to really get into details of that. It was not surprising for us. It is obviously disappointing; you always hate to lose some business. But we're good, and we're moving on.
John Koraleski: Sure, Ken. What we're asking customers -- the beneficial cargo owners to do is to make a commitment for off-peak volume. And whatever they are willing to commit to us in the off-peak period, we will make a commitment to them to protect in terms of box availability up to 110% of that volume during peak. So the more they commit to us during the off-peak, the greater they'll have a commitment of a fixed box availability for them during the peak season. And...
John Koraleski: Yes, there is a price built into that, and the price is protected up to the 110%. If they go over the 110%, then it starts to change.
John Koraleski: Probably just because of historical practice, many of them kind of expire and renew at the end of the year. But over time, that's kind of been changing. And it really is dependent upon the business, the customers' views. In a lot of cases, if you look at, for instance, the Intermodal world where the commitments are really made in the May, June timeframe, that's kind of shifted away from year-end contract renegotiations. So it's evolving over time.
John Koraleski: Yes, Tom. I think in the second quarter, I would have been up 5% without the floods anyway. So to say that we'll be at 5% in the second half, it looks to me 5% is a conservative number. I actually think we can do better than that.
John Koraleski: Tom, at the end of the day here, there are some cases where it might be stepped up. But even in those cases, there was a substantial increase in year one. I mean, some of these contracts are so far off of market and basic economics that you can't afford to walk in without a pretty big increase. So 2012 I think has very good potential for us. And the issue of whether it's walked up is really minimal.
John Koraleski: Yes, part of it is we expect to do better, like we always do better. But what we've been saying is that, recall what we've been doing in both the first and the second quarter, is preparing for the anticipated growth in volumes in the beginning of the third quarter. And so when we've been saying that, we pretty much admit sequentially. But year-over-year, we expect to see volume growth. We expect to see gains on most of our measures. So it's both sequential and year-over-year.
John Koraleski: The coal clearly is there for us over the next 6 months. It's whether the whole chain -- you've got a couple of different drivers of demand here. You've got what's happening with stockpiles as we've seen from the flood. So there should be some potential there. The heating season right now is when you look at what's going on with weather that should be a positive. It's really a question whether the whole logistics chain can handle it. But we clearly will see more coal volumes second half than we had first half. No question in my mind.
John Koraleski: If we have a compressed peak with kind of a higher, more intense center, that will work quite well for us. And we'll prove to our customers that we will stand by those commitments, deliver the boxes, and they'll be protected. And I think that sets the stage well for us. If peak is a little softer than that, I think they'll still see our performance, and I still think they'll see the first year of this program as being a plus. And we'll be fine going forward.
John Koraleski: Last year, Scott, we moved about $10 million of petroleum products overall. We'll probably quadruple that amount this year in terms of moving from the Bakken down to St. James and elsewhere. We're seeing just a lot of interest overall. One of the unique things that rail gives to customers is the opportunity to go to various places and to play to the extent they can -- the market advantages for themselves. So we see a lot of interest in that. The infrastructure is being built-out by developers. We're focusing exclusively on our own rail infrastructure to support it. And everything that we see, even as pipelines develop, tells us there's going to be a continued opportunity for rail in this marketplace going forward for a long time.
John Koraleski: I don't have a clear picture of entirely all that is in terms of all the things that they've done. But new facilities certainly are on the development side at this point in time. So there's additional capacity coming onstream that we can handle more and more business. And now we're looking not only at the Bakken, but at the Eagle Ford and some of the other shale developments that are taking place.
John Koraleski: Scott, I said $10 million, that's 10,000 moves. And it was 4,000 moves, 16,000 is what we're ramping up to. But I do think actually it will be closer to $40 million compared to the $10 million also.
John Koraleski: Sure. The iron ore move, it originates in Utah. We take it to Richmond, California where it's loaded on the vessels for delivery to Asia, to China. And it's a growing opportunity. I mean, there are lots of opportunities out there to move iron ore and any steel-related products over to China at this point in time. Probably one of the bigger hurdles for us is port capacity, kind of like the export coal situation as well. But we're continuing to work with customers and exploring ports, not only domestically within the U.S., but also in Mexico because the demand is growing for us. And then so that's kind of on the steel side. Our DDGS, our port-to-rail facility at Yuma, California, it's scheduled to start in September. We hope we'll bring that online. I think we're through all of our permitting and got all of the things done that we need to do. So starting in September, we'll start moving unit trains of DDGS to Yuma, California. We'll bring boxes. We will either intercept boxes on the way to the port or actually just bring boxes out of the port -- containers and stuff them and then take them back for delivery from there. So a lot of export opportunities actually overall.
John Koraleski: Yes, well again, Scott, as I explained, there's actually 2 components to that. The first is our push to get pricing back up to reinvestable levels in the second. And I think, what's probably a somewhat bigger factor, is our new mutual commitment program that we're asking all beneficial cargo owners to commit to volume levels during the off-peak season in order for us to offer them and protect them service and pricing levels in the peak season. And that's a change. That's a fairly significant change from anything they've seen from Union Pacific before. And for some of them, I think they were more comfortable taking an alternative that they were familiar with and waiting to see just how that played itself out.
John Koraleski: Matt, it's pretty hard. If you just look at the overall sales to the inventory ratios right now, they are as low as they've been. I mean they are at 30-year lows and have stayed there consistently. And so there is not a lot of in -- and our customers will tell us. They are not building inventories right at the moment. They are being cautious. They are kind of waiting to see what's going to unfold here with the economy. But certainly, when you look at the inventory levels that retailers are holding, and as I've said earlier, even compared to the fact that their sales were up a bit, there's not much room in the supply chain. If there is going to be a Christmas season, if there's going to a back-to-school kind of movement effort, they're going to have to increase shipments.
John Koraleski: Matt, we have worked very hard with our customers to help them understand what's happening in the market, what's happened with our legacy pricing. There's no surprises in terms of these deals. Now what we try to reinforce though also, is the value proposition, which is one, great service; and two, substantial investment going forward. Many of our customers are -- listen, I haven't met a customer that's ever going to say thanks for the price increase. But I will tell you this. At the [ph] level, when you talk with them, we get through that and they want to immediately get into where you're putting capacity for my growth in the future because they see the value propositions. So there are no surprises there. There are tough negotiations. But we have to change some of these legacy deals or we won't hold the business, I mean, the spreads are so far off of anything that's reasonable on return, on invested capital, we would walk. And in some cases, we have.
John Koraleski: There is a significant piece of it, that -- that has competitive options in terms of where it will go.
John Koraleski: I think, Garett, when you stop and think about it, it really involves a lot of different components. One of which is, we absolutely need to get to build the business up to reinvestable levels. Number two, we want to continue to invest in the service products. I think the earlier question about, as we renegotiate these legacy deals, what's at risk. The whole thing is at risk if we don't provide outstanding service. And we have done a great job of ramping up service into the 5-year period, particularly in our Intermodal world. So that today, when customers look at the opportunities, when they look at our performance, when they look at the number of places we can take them on our network, and they see our commitment, both to the box program but also in facilities and all those, they know that we're serious about this, and that we will stand by those commitments. And some of them will test them, but I think overall, that's one of the things that is good for us. So I think getting it up to reinvestability is a key part of the pricing side of it. Great equipment utilization is all about our return on the investment that we're making on those boxes and the facilities and that's got to be part and parcel of it as well. So it's going to be multifaceted and it includes all of it.
John Koraleski: Yes, but as we discussed here this morning, we do expect carloadings to pick up for all the reasons we've been discussing here.
John Koraleski: Yes, I think when you look at the program, David, we're making a price commitment during the off peak, as well as the peak. So obviously, we aren't sending customers to give us off-peak volume but the rates are still going up.
Robert Knight: Well, Bill, I don't think so. You've got to -- obviously, the economy is still relatively weak. So again, when we went into the year we said slow growth. And that's pretty much what we're seeing. We're actually getting a little bit different in the second quarter than we expected. But you will level -- we will leverage growth going forward here. So I'm not quite certain what your question is. Again, sure, I'd like to have a hot economy that's out here, but we will see very good leverage second half. The pricing stories there and in fact, I think, again, if the economy picks up strong, you've got upside with the value proposition. In the productivity side, we obviously are resourced for more volume right now. When you look at the second quarter results, it should be our low point this second quarter in terms of efficiency, in terms of the amount of resources we have at second quarter. But I would tell you this, if the volume doesn't materialize, we will respond. Keep in mind, we're going to lose 4,000 employees this year in terms of attrition. And as we showed in the last couple of years, you get a downturn in the economy here. We can take some cost off it. All 3 of them are going to be necessary for us to get to our long-term commitment on the operating ratio.
Robert Knight: Absolutely, Bill. And again, it's difficult to see the economy going forward here today. You do have issues. And then -- we'd asked about the question about how our customers are feeling. I mean there is an uncertainty, whether it's customers or employees out here when they read in the media that because of issues in D.C., we're going to have a meltdown in this country. And my concern is that people stop spending. That's out here. We're not seeing that yet. And I do believe, again, we'll see volume growth the second half of the year. But there's probably more uncertainty right now. There's no question. There's more uncertainty right now in the economy today than when we came in at the start of the year.
Robert Knight: Yes, when we look at that, at least here in the midterm, Walter, we're looking at more in the 3.5% kind of range for all inflation.
Robert Knight: Yes, a couple of points I wanted to make there is, as you know, we were up about 2,400 in the second quarter. And the point is, again depending on volumes, we expect that to come down to only being up, call it, 1,500 or so by the time the year ends -- finishes out. We have attrition throughout the year. There's probably a slight increase in the attrition rate in the third and fourth quarters from the first half. But we see attrition throughout the year. And we are still believing, at this point, that by the time the full year wraps up, that we'll have around 4,000 folks to train.
Robert Knight: Chris, this is Rob. What we're saying is that year-over-year, the gap will be narrower than it was in second quarter and the big driver of that, by the way, is what happened last year. If you recall last year, basically in the first half, we were doing -- had very few people in the training pipeline. And in the back half of last year, that number ramped up.
Robert Knight: Chris, it's Rob. Yes, that's possible. Again, there are a lot of factors in there. But you're right. If fuel goes sideways, that's a plus. And as I pointed out, we would expect that, that 36% will be the low mark for the year. So a lot of moving parts there. But we certainly expect to improve upon that.
Robert Knight: Personal injury was about, well, little over $20 million, which, as I pointed out, was lower. Substantially lower than last year's second quarter actuarial number, which is, so again, the complete story on that, great safety performance is going to continue. We are real proud of what we've accomplished. But year-over-year, that expense line was up because last year's second quarter accrual adjustment was substantially higher.
Robert Knight: Yes, Scott, it really is just the math, I mean, if you look at the impact of fuel even if you're recovering most of it, and we're not at a point where we're recovering all of it in the marketplace by the way, but even if you are doing a substantially higher job of recovering the rising fuel price in the marketplace, just the math on your operating ratio is a headwind. And the first half of the year, that headwind was about 2 points. So to your points, even if fuel stays sideways, but still high, that will put a headwind on our overall operating ratio improvement.
Robert Knight: There's a lot there. In my comments, you may recall that when you make the flood and the fuel adjustment, our revenues were up 10.5%-ish and expenses were up 9.5%-ish, a slightly better performance on the expense side than on revenue side, still not where we would like to see it in the long term. Similar drivers in, when you strip away the flood and the fuel, below that, you have personal injury was a big delta, as we pointed out year-over-year. As we talk, we've been getting ahead in the entire first half, ahead of anticipated volumes in the back half on our hiring and training, we just talked about that in the pipeline of bringing on, ramping up cost, if you will. And just the size of that, that was roughly $30 million in the second quarter alone, and you may recall in the first quarter, it was about $35 million of non-productive assets as we ramp up for those volumes. So those are some of the big drivers that account for that increase in expense that we would not anticipate seeing going forward. So your second question is when do we see the margins start to improve and when do we start to leverage that? We'd expect to see that in the third quarter. Again, assuming the economy cooperates, we're well positioned, as we've discussed here today, to lever that volume, continue to be confident in our ability to get price going forward. So we would expect the improvement from here on the margins, and you'll -- we expect to see that.
Robert Knight: Anthony, the bottleneck will not be the Union Pacific railroad. Again, just think about what we've talked about here. We've got a substantial amount of costs that are built into the second quarter, in terms of resources training. We're getting 100 new locomotives in place. We've got additional containers still to be delivered. We are -- I hope you're right that this peak is greater than what we expect. We are a long way from having a capacity issue on this railroad right now.
Lance Fritz: Sure. Yes, Tom, as we're looking forward on the floods, we could be fortunate and start returning to a normal railroad sometime in early August or a more pessimistic view could be late August and into September. It's really very dependent on what happens with rain event in this basin that's draining into Missouri River. But right now, I would say on balance, we'll probably be returning to a normal railroad sometime in August.
Lance Fritz: Chris, I think one of the things we want to be careful on is coming out of a quarter here where our volume is flat. When you think long-term Intermodal, there's no question on my mind that Intermodal offers us the highest growth rate in the future. We are going to have some aberrations. We're doing some things in the market that's new to us. But the value propositions there, we see customers today that are managing their inventory. I mean the whole rail industry, when you look at Intermodal's providing great service, that changes customers' mindset and how they think about inventories and may push it tighter. But we're backing it up with our investments. I really do see the Intermodal -- really all of our businesses have growth opportunity but Intermodal has the highest potential for us.
Lance Fritz: Yes, absolutely. Not surprising to us, Scott. There's a number of underlying initiatives that are driving that fuel efficiency. We've got Fuel Masters Program, which gets the engineers engaged in managing their trains so that they consume less fuel. Our training tools, we're using the technology of our simulators to help engineers understand the perfect run so that they can manage the train for fuel consumption purposes. As we add new locomotives, that automatically improves sea rate as we more deeply penetrate DPU, that's a sea rate improvement. So the go-forward look is that those continued programs plus new ones that we're implementing like top-of-rail treatments are going to continue to drive improved sea rate.
Lance Fritz: Flooding would have some impact. When we're putting trains on reroutes, that might have an impact. But I would say, largely speaking, you set aside the fact that the flood is impacting dwell and delay, which is deleterious to sea rate, I bet that's rounding.
Lance Fritz: Yes, that's exactly right. Jim is exactly right. For some time and as we look forward, part of our locomotive strategy -- asset strategy, overall, is to overhaul locomotives. Our game plan is to try to make that overhaul happen once in the full lifetime of our use of the locomotive. And we use some fairly sophisticated, statistical modeling and maintenance modeling to figure that out. But we're overhauling locomotives this year as part of our normal strategy. We did it in previous years, and we'll do it in the future years as well.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay, that's helpful. Just at a higher level, fuel was lower today than it was last quarter, but the comments on margins are a bit more cautious. I'm just trying to understand that, is that really just the weather impact? Or is this cost inflation more than you originally thought? Is it maybe changes in your assumptions on volume or pricing? Just any color there would be helpful and just what's driving the more cautious commentary on margins.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Well, I guess, last quarter, the commentary was we'd see full year margin improvement, and now it's margin improvement x fuel.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay, that's helpful. And just the last question is on Intermodal. I understand that the contract loss, but if I look at your volumes, they're flattish. Your western competitor's up 10. I'm guessing there's more than just a contract loss driving that spread. Any additional color you can give would be great on why you are seeing kind of flattish Intermodal volumes, particularly on the domestic side, given the strength we're seeing from J.B. Hunt and Hub.
