Lance Fritz: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Jim Vena, our Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting record 2019 second quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.22 a share. This represents an increase of 4% in net income and 12% in earnings per share compared to 2018. Our quarterly operating ratio came in at an all-time best mark of 59.6%, a 3.4 percentage point improvement compared to the second quarter of 2018. This is the first time Union Pacific has ever recorded a sub-60% operating ratio for a full quarter. And while that's a remarkable achievement, it's magnified when you consider the challenges we faced from significant flooding that adversely impacted volumes and added incremental operating costs during the quarter. That's a testament to the tireless dedication of the men and women of Union Pacific. Working with our customers and the communities that we serve, the team safely restored our rail operations while continuing to drive productivity through our G55 + 0 and Unified Plan 2020 efforts. As a result, our operations have returned to normal, enabling us to focus on providing a safe, reliable, and efficient service product for our customers. The Unified Plan 2020 transformation at Union Pacific is full steam ahead, and I continue to be encouraged by the great opportunities we see for our customers and for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Kenny to provide some details on our results.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As discussed today, we delivered record second quarter financial results driven by exceptional operating performance. For the remainder of 2019, we look forward to building on the momentum from Unified Plan 2020 and providing a consistent reliable service product for our customers. As always, we're committed to operating a safe railroad for both our employees and the communities we serve and we remain focused on driving increased shareholder returns by appropriately investing capital on the railroad and returning excess cash to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Hey Justin we haven't yet put together a game plan for 2020, but you're right, we're holding firm on our guidance for overall OR. And I'll let Rob speak to the details of that.
Lance Fritz: Scott I'll address your mix question. You know we don't guide the mix because it's very hard to figure out as we just demonstrated Q1 to Q2 and there's mix within mix as Rob says all the time. So, bottom-line is when you look backwards what happened between Q1 and Q2 was about a large drop in intermodal that aided mix. And as you look forward, we'll just have to see what the markets present to us.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. Chris, you've got it just right. When volumes get softer, we know how to adjust our resources to match what volume represents. But I would have to say, the lion's share of what you saw was about Unified Plan 2020 and productivity. And you can see that kind of across the board. We had to adjust the amount of resources we put at locomotives as we parked about a quarter of the locomotive fleet if not more. And you can see that directly related to the headcount, to the manpower that we have attached to maintaining locomotives. The same is true on maintaining cars. The same is true on the TE&Y workforce. We've taken a lot of work out of the network and it's being reflected now on our manpower. And we've got – there are more of those adjustments to be made as the network continues to stabilize and as we continue to find opportunity.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Brian, this is Lance. I'll let Kenny or Rob speak to more of the detail. But when you mentioned, we calculate our price on a holistic basis that is the absolute dollars yielded during the period divided by all revenue. So in the second quarter 2.75% that's pretty solid performance in a relatively soft truck market and there is an impact in terms of what moves as to what gets counted as yield, right? I mean, you can take a price action last year on a book of business and if it doesn't move this year you get no credit for it. That's how we calculate our price. So there's a price/volume impact in there that is very hard to tease out.
Lance Fritz: Hey, Brian, one last – this is Lance. One last thing to note and that is thinking about this market holistically long-term, we've talked about this that coal has been challenged in kind of a secular decline. You see that in cold unit closures. You see it in investment in alternative sources of energy. And we'll – we've got a game plan for that in the long term at – and over time, we also care deeply about making sure that there are good healthy capitalized coal producers to serve the market. They exist today, and I know they're working hard to make sure that their future is solid and we just support them as they do that.
Lance Fritz: Allison thanks for the question. Yeah, if you look at the first half, I would say our growth is moderately better than our primary competitors. That can come from a lot of different angles. It could have to do with how their network is operating versus ours. I would say one such point for sure is our franchise is different. And we think better, we think it's the best franchise in the industry. What we would anticipate and expect as we look forward is Unified Plan 2020 creates a more consistent, reliable service product for our customers. We're a more efficient service provider. That should set us up to win in the marketplace and to have our customers win in their marketplace. And I anticipate regardless of the economy that we face that gives us the best opportunity in that economy to win and grow. I don't -- I'm not sure exactly what that looks like. I'm not sure what that looks like in comparison to BN or anyone else but that's what we're trying to achieve.
Lance Fritz: Yeah. So Jordan I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Kenny and Jim to fill in more detail. So I think what you're referring to is really two different things that are occurring in Chicago: one, Jim mentioned earlier and that is consolidating and specializing our intermodal ramps. So, G3 focused on international intermodal, G2 focused on domestic intermodal and Yard Center focused on some specialty niches. That work is under way. G4 is -- or excuse me, I'm sorry, G4 focused on international. G3 has already been consolidated or is in the process into G4. G2 is in the process of being invested and also growing. So that's kind of an operational focus and that's a clear benefit to our customers. It simplifies the drayage equation and it provides a more consistent reliable service product. Second thing that's happened in Chicago is, we've rationalized service lanes in interchange with our interchange partners, both CSX and the NS at a high level and that's providing a more effective service product that's an interline service product. So the interchange happens more reliably, quicker. And you don't dwell boxes around ramps as long as you used to. So I'll let Kenny and Jim talk to how that impacts our customer base; what it looks like going forward.
Lance Fritz: Yes. I'll start with that. The short answer, Ravi, is we've always anticipated that labor would be a fairly large portion of our productivity savings for the year, which we've highlighted as plus $500 million net. So that's always been part of the expectation. If we do less work, we size the workforce for that less work.
Lance Fritz: Bascome, so the moving parts on that service product, it's a mixed bag in the second quarter. Freight car velocity is a direct impact on customer experience, right? They're getting their cars more frequently from origin. Embedded in that, is terminal dwell. That's a direct impact. First OS launching on time has a direct impact. That car trip plan compliance that's a very specific holistic number that says from the time, the car was tendered to us that we do exactly that plan that day. And things like flooding made us use alternative routes and switch in different places. So, once we get a network that's smooth and steady and normal, we see the kind of thing that Jim is talking about which is a pretty quick snap back. It's a lagging indicator, but it is an indicator. And we expect that to go like the other service indicators are going. It just might take a little longer.
Lance Fritz: All right. Thanks Rob, and thank you all for your questions. To wrap it up, I want to again acknowledge the tenacity and the determination of Union Pacific's workforce. Hats off to them for producing great financial results in a pretty challenging quarter. And with that, we look forward to talking to you again in October.
Jim Vena: Okay. Good morning, everyone, and thanks, Kenny. As you've already heard this morning, our network was once again challenged by significant prolonged flooding in our Mid-America Corridor. We responded by rerouting traffic and deploying additional people and equipment to quickly restore operations. And I am pleased to report that with the weather behind us, including Hurricane Barry, our network has returned to normal operations. I would be remiss not to say how proud I am of our employees who responded to the challenge, working efficiently and without injury to restore operations in the face of some pretty adverse conditions, while delivering an all-time best quarterly operating ratio of 59.6%. This truly was a remarkable achievement. It all starts for us with safety. As safety remains job one at Union Pacific and our commitment is relentless. We have opportunities to improve our rail equipment incidents, and we're working as a team to learn and improve each and every day. Turning to slide 11. I'd now like to update you on our six key performance indicators. Despite the weather, most of our metrics improved year-over-year. This is a direct result of our relentless focus on improving network efficiency and service reliability as part of Unified Plan 2020. Continued improvement in asset utilization and fewer car classifications led to a 14% improvement in freight car terminal dwell and a 4% improvement in freight car velocity compared to the second quarter of 2018. Train speed for the second quarter decreased 6% to 23.1 miles per hour as flooding impacted fluidity. Train speeds also were affected by the 30-plus percent increase in daily work events being performed as the part of Unified Plan 2020. While these work events are helping us increase train size and drive asset utilization, the team is still working to execute these work events even more efficiently and drive faster train speeds. Turning to slide 12: Continuing our trend from the first quarter, locomotive productivity improved 19% versus last year as efforts to use the fleet more efficiently enabled us to park units. As of June 30, we had somewhere around 2,150 locomotives stored. Driven by an 8% decrease in our workforce levels, productivity increased 4% year-over-year. In addition to improving productivity, delivering a great service product is of equal importance to the team. Car trip plan compliance was basically flat year-over-year as the benefit from an increased freight car velocity and lower dwell were offset by the impact of weather on our network. We expect our service product to improve going forward. In fact, we're already seeing improvements in July. Slide 13: We continue to push forward with Unified Plan 2020, and the slide highlights some of the recent network changes. From a terminal rationalization standpoint, we stopped humping cars at our Proviso yard in Chicago and curtailed yard operations in Salem, Illinois, at our 36th St. Yard in Denver, East Yard in San Antonio. Proviso, in particular, was a very old and inefficient hump yard, still using retarder operators to manually flow cars into the ball tracks. By moving this work to outlying yards, including one of our most efficient in North Platte, we are not only saving labor dollars but avoiding capital as well. In addition, we have made a number of changes in the Kansas City complex to improve service and increase efficiency. We've largely consolidated traffic out of Armourdale facility while cars previously handled in Des Moines, Iowa are now switched in Kansas City. And our plan to simplify intermodal operations in Chicago is well underway. We idled our Global three facility, and the Canal Street Container Depot will follow shortly. Going forward, we will continue to look for ways to reduce car touches on our network, which will undoubtedly lead to additional terminal rationalization opportunities. And we are making excellent progress with our train length initiatives as illustrated by the graph on the right. By putting more products on fewer trains, we increased train length 10% since January of this year, and I expect to see continued improvement as the year progresses. To wrap up, while a number of bold steps have been taken and the results are evident, there are a lot of opportunities ahead of us to further improve safety, asset utilization and network efficiency. Once again, our network showed tremendous resiliency in the face of significant weather during the quarter as we have returned to normal operations. As we move forward, running a safe, reliable and efficient railroad for both our customers and our shareholders is our number one priority. And with that, Rob, over to you.
Jim Vena: One thing I would add Kenny is -- what we're trying to do Ken is -- we're not trying to do it we're doing it. We think we build a better product for our customers. We build a better service in Chicago and other places where we're looking at the flow of traffic and it doesn't make sense for us to have six locations that we touch railcars and try to move them around. We consolidated into the minimal spots. We put them in the best place to win and we grow with the customers that are with us to be able to go from L.A. We want to build the best service going across our network. We're close. When we fix these touch points that we have, we end up with the best service that we can provide and we grow with our customers.
Jim Vena: So, Brian the only thing I'd add is this is a railroad and as long as I have and the gray hair I have markets go up markets go down pieces of the business go up and down. If you're a good operator, good company you know how to react to it. We've reacted by making sure that we don't get ahead. We plan properly with our assets. We make them as efficiently as possible. We're making the coal train, specifically more efficient so that we can have a better return on the product that we're moving, and that's what's it's all about. We have to react fast. And in other places where we see increasing business, we have to put assets in there to do that in a smart way. So it's as simple as that, Brian.
Jim Vena: Appreciate it. Listen, you just don't list it. And I think there's opportunity in car velocity, there's opportunity in the locomotives, there are opportunity on terminals, there are opportunities on how we handle our trains, how we – how many touch points we have on cars. So I think like Rob said in the prepared notes, we're early in this. We've got lots of long runway to go, and many innings left to be able to deliver Amit.
Jim Vena: I think the best way to frame the operating ratio number is it's a result of a lot of hard work, okay? So I'm very comfortable with what we've been able to do. I've been here six months and four days. And the whole team we've worked hard at train length, car productivity, freight, how fast we move the cars, the locomotive engineers, how well they're handling for fuel conservation. We're making sure that the mechanical people, how many people we need, how well they're inspecting the cars. It's a full story. And it's -- this whole company is engaged in making it the best most efficient railroad in North America. That's what we want. I'm not sure the time line exactly, because I'm not sure what's going to happen. We had a hurricane last week yet a small one not a category three or four or five, but we had a hurricane effect us. So I can't tell you Allison. I wish I could. But what I'm comfortable with is we have the right team. People are out there from the -- everybody in the company knows what we're trying to do, give a better product to our customers, grow our business and have the most efficient railroad in North America. That's what's it's all about, simple as that.
Jim Vena: Okay. So when I look at the hump yards, I don't look at them because they're -- I've mentioned this before and people have heard me say this countless times they're very efficient when they handle a lot of cars and we need to have them there. You could figure out a way and then not put a car through a hump yard and save 24 hours on the car that's what it's all about any yard. So that's what -- that's the way we're looking at it. Right now we have one hump yard complex left in our Northern region. Our Northern region is a pretty big piece of railroad and it's at North Platte. That's it. And we have a non-mechanized switching yard that we classify it as a major yard but it doesn't have all the mechanization in California -- Northern California in Rolesville. But that's it that's what we have. So it's pretty hard to cut. I think North Platte is going to be there for a long time. We're asking it to work harder though. We're putting more railcars in there. And the cars they have they have to do them efficiently and we move them out. They are setting records today on how fast they're able to switch cars and get them through that complex. And I expect that to improve substantially. We've got some smart people out that are able to do that. So that's the way I look at it. I'm not sure what the heck we had. I'd be guessing on the number. I don't keep it that way. We have complexes that we need. Houston is a growth area. We expect that hump to be efficient and stay there. So it's all about being able to move the cars quicker. On the intermodal if I could be real quick, Kenny and I are aligned. In fact, we have a plan of where we're moving and we'll do that. We'll announce it as we come ahead when we need to. It's all about again giving a better product to the customer, able to handle their containers in and out in trailers faster, so that they have a better market, and we can grow. And we can compete against trucks take some of that traffic off of the highway and compete against the other railroad that we compete against head-to-head and see if we can win. And I think we will. So that's where we are. That's the best I can describe now.
Jim Vena: Look, all I can tell you is we're not constrained. We'll invest in places where we're constrained. We did that on the route coming out of L.A. going towards El Paso closing some gap. So we announced that three months ago. We're just about completed with that. It will help us. There's a little bit of investment, I guess, little against the $3.2 billion that we have, but we'll continue to invest to do that. Yes, train size will grow, no if ands or buts. It will grow across the whole network.
Jim Vena: So it's a – Walter, the history, you're correct. So let's not rewrite history. It's -- that's the way -- there was a lot of noise. I was involved with some of it and there was some noise. What we're doing here is we're trying to keep the noise down as much as possible being real smart about how we do it. Listen, I had a plan the first day I showed up. We wanted to park 500 locomotives. I didn't park 500 locomotives per state. I said let's work through this in a systematic way. We make it more efficient. We look at the touch points. We see where we are. I had a plan with Proviso from when I used to work at another company CN, okay? In Chicago, I went to visit Proviso. I didn't like that yard when I was on the other side. So it was going to happen, but we did it at the right time, right place and that's what it's all about, Walter. We're trying to do this in a systematic manner instead of holding it up and seeing what you can put together after all the pieces. So, hopefully we keep the noise as much. But Kenny knows, there's going to be some noise, and we talked about it. But I'll tell you what I give Kenny and the whole team a lot of credit. We're being proactive. We're getting out in front of it. We tell the customer what we're doing. We tell them what -- when we made the changes in accessorials, we told them. We gave them a chance to change their processes instead of just putting them in place. We're doing that specifically to try to keep them in. We understand how important the customer is to us. That's what drives our whole business model. So that's the way we're doing it, Walter.
Jim Vena: Last thing I would add is this. We want to look at our product, especially intermodal. We're talking intermodal end to end. So it's all about when the ship arrives at the port, how well we're able to move the containers out of the port, terminal that's international and how fast we can get it consistently to the customer so that they can use it. I think we build that model end to end. We're able to compete against everybody on the West Coast and on the South Coast to see what we can do to increase the business, because of the model we have, the facilities we have, we turn them quick. So I'm really excited. I think we're going to build a model that is as good or better than anybody out there in the marketplace.
Jim Vena: Listen, pretty straightforward. We've announced the changes that we're going to make there. I think that changes sets us up to have a great product within Chicago service that whole area and be able to stretch ourselves from Chicago to other markets. So, we're not changing anything. The time line is good. People are on board. Kenny has done a good job of explaining it to the customers. So, you'll see us make the change as we move forward. Some of the changes will take us a little bit longer five, six months to get them in place to be able to do that or up to a year, but we've got the plan there as we do in other places.
Jim Vena: Son of a gun. You're tough Bascome, okay? You hold me that, but I love the question. I appreciate it. So, if we take a look at workforce, it's -- we adjust for the work that we have to do and we've made some quick adjustments. And I think, we've done a good job of being smart about how we do it and you'll continue to see that. Rob has given the numbers of where we expect to be. I'm not going to add anything there. I don't need to add anything there. And as far as the productivity metrics in general, all of them, we think there's opportunity on them and we will continue to be productive in every one. We are touching. So, if you start with a car, how fast it moves for the customer and the weather had a big impact on us. So, what we did was, we didn't adjust the number. The number came in the way the number came in. We've got hit for the weather and we parked cars. We didn't make it to the customer. But, now that we're out of that, we've seen it's substantial. It's at least 10% higher our improvement and we'll continue to do that. We know we have to deliver a great product for our customers to be able to grow this and have been in the long term an efficient railroad and a great product for our customers. That's what it's all about Bascome. That's what we're trying to do.
Kenny Rocker: Hey, good morning Ken, this is Kenny. First of all it's a very minimal impact and a lot of those volumes that were impacted again were the lower profitable business. The commercial team did a really good job of being proactive in working with customers to make sure that we have solutions in place. So, we feel -- again, it's very minimal and we feel good about the decision to make those calls.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. You asked a number of questions there. I'll take a few here. First of all, we're focused on our pricing strategy. We've got a number of competitive forces out there beyond just the competitor in the West. There's barge and there's trucks. I'm really proud of our commercial team and their ability to just stay very focused on pricing to the service product that we have and the value we present. I'll tell you that I'm also looking forward to getting this weather behind us because I expect that our service product as it improves is going to give us an ability to compete in the marketplace. So, I like our chances as our service product improves to stick with our pricing strategy and price to the market.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So I'd tell you, we are seeing some softness in the truck environment. Clearly, trade is impacting some of our ag business and we'll continue to look at other pieces of the business in the second half. I'd tell you at the same time, I am feeling bullish about our franchise. We've got a lot of upside with our petrochem business, our industrial chem and plastics, our construction product. And I'm feeling really good about our crude oil business. So we'll see what happens in the second half. And like I said as our service improves, I like our chances to compete in the marketplace.
Kenny Rocker: The only thing I'll add is that, we'll see what happens in the second half. It doesn't change our pricing philosophy or our approach to be disciplined here. Maybe it means a couple few more opportunities. But regardless the opportunities that we're presented, we're going to be very disciplined about what business we accept and compete for.
Kenny Rocker: Yeah. So we've been living in a coal environment for some time, so this is not a surprise or anything new to us. It doesn't change our approach to ensuring that we compete and win the business at the appropriate return for us. We're going to stay committed to that. I will say that as you hear about some of these bankruptcies or closures it doesn't take away from the fact that another producer or shipper up in that area might be able to move that volume. So you got to keep that in mind as you're thinking about that.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. And the only other thing I'll add is that, we have proactively worked with our customers to get the dwell down on our intermodal ramps at the destination. I mentioned this earlier, about 15 hours. So all of those three things of reduced complexity, the interline changes and the dwell has improved. But I'll tell you, we have worked with our customers. They are starting to see the benefit. We're looking at the service metrics and they are turning around. We have one of our -- group of our larger customers in and we've been talking to them. And they've expressed a very positive tone with this. So we feel very encouraged moving forward.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I mentioned the things earlier. We're going to just look at the trucking market here and see what happens. There still seems to be a lot of capacity out there. We can't control the foreign trade policy and we'll look at that. We talked about the comp getting better in our sand network, but we expect that to deteriorate a little bit more. But, again, having said all of that, the fact that our service will be improving, I like our chances to compete with truck more. The fact that we've reduced a lot of complexity out of our supply chain, gives us an opportunity to compete more. And we'll see what happens, but I like our chances.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. We have seen over the last few years a little bit of share shift versus the West Coast. I'll tell you that, if you look at the weather issues that we faced, coming out of the couple of quarters of pent-up demand, we still feel pretty good about the fact that our international intermodal volume was up 1%. As we get back to a more stable economy, again, we still feel good about our opportunity to compete and grow that international intermodal business.
Kenny Rocker: Yes. So a couple of questions there. First I'll just say that, the things and some of the challenges will be what they are. We'll see what happens with the domestic trucking market. We'll see what happens with trade. We still feel very good, again, about the construction business that we have, the crude oil that we have. And the plastics business, we expect that to continue to grow. Everything that Jim is doing on the operating side, again allows us to compete. It allows us to get after rail-centric business that we lost during the floods, which allows us to increase a lot of the truck-centric business moving forward. So we feel positive about that. In terms of IMO 2020, we spent a lot of time with our international intermodal customers and we don't see anything significantly changing. We don't see anything from a pull ahead perspective changes. We don't see anything changing from a supply chain perspective, meaning that they might preference the Western port over an Eastern port. So, we haven't seen that. We've been talking to our customers all along the whole time. And right now, you shouldn't expect anything structural from what we're hearing.
Kenny Rocker: I can tell you just real quickly. We're sitting out with customers each week. And we're seeing an improvement. So, I want to give Jim and Lance and the team a pat on the back. We didn't talk about first mile, last mile, which we're also seeing a pretty significant jump in also and as a very tangible metric to customers. So, I -- we're expecting that to get better as we move along.
Kenny Rocker: Yes, I'll take that. First of all, what we're hearing one thing that's good is that, we are hearing that we're going to get a normal peak season volume here. So that lets us know that, a lot of the noise that we saw with the pull ahead is over. Again, we know what the domestic market is like. The only outlier that's out there from a trade perspective that probably impacts us is really just on the ag side and we talked about the soybean market. So, it really becomes a timing issue and we'll see what happens.
Rob Knight: I would say its widespread Ken. And yes, year-to-date as I called out in my remarks, we're down about 6% and we expect the year average to end up around 10%. So, that does imply improvement. And it is widespread and it's really driven largely by the success of the Unified Plan 2020. And we hope at least that we'll have a free -- flood-free zone to be operating in starting today.
Rob Knight: Yes. Justin I would just say that really what it proves out in my mind and you've heard me say this many, many times is that we're not going to use the lack of volume as an excuse not to make aggressive achievements on our productivity. And I think with Jim and his team and the implementation of Unified Plan 2020, I feel stronger about that than I ever have frankly. And so yes, we are still -- we're sticking with our $500 million at least productivity net number. And that does imply that the second half is stronger than the first half because the first half was burdened with the inefficiency cost related to the flooding and other weather events. So, the net pace will pick up in the back half and that is our expectation. And it's across the board, but it really is largely driven by the success of the Unified Plan 2020.
Rob Knight: I mean in total yes -- we're going to stay away from giving quarterly guidance on that. But I would say in total if you look at second half versus first half, again, largely because of the overhang of the flood impact cost in the first half, yes, we expect the net number to be stronger in the second half.
Rob Knight: Yes. Justin I would say Lance is right. We don't have the final numbers on that. But I would tell you that the levers that we pull will be the same levers they always are and that is volume which we haven't finalized our outlook in terms of volume; quality reliable service that we're confident we are improving that product which enables us to continue to get appropriate price in the marketplace. And we're in the sort of still early innings by my definition of the Unified Plan 2020. So, clearly there is more productivity dollars that we will be going after to achieve that sub-60% next year.
Rob Knight: Yeah. I'll make -- I'll comment on that. And Jim if you wish to contribute, obviously, you can. I mean, I would say you've heard me say this, I have never felt better about our ability to achieve the targets we've set because of what you're outlining and because of what Jim and the team were doing with Unified Plan 2020 and that is we're going to get through as sub as we can, 61% this year and then as sub as we can next year of 60% and ultimately to that 55%. So everything you're asking about we agree that there are opportunities in there. And that's -- when you add it all up that's what's going to drive us to that 55%. And I get the criticism I'll wear it that we haven't put a date out there yet on 55%. But our philosophy and our goal and our drive here at Union Pacific is to get to that sub as we can 60% first and then not stop there by any means but continue to drive towards that 55%.
Rob Knight: Yeah, Walter. First of all, I would say, we are not guiding to just one point of improvement. Again, kind of back to my commentary of we're going to get a sub-61% this year as we can and then as sub as we can on the 60%. So, yes, I get that the 61% to 60% is one point, but we're going to try and do as best we can to achieve as much success beyond that one point as we can. That's the sub comment. But the factors, it all kind of starts with our read of -- as we look to 2020 when we get to that point our read of what the economy is, and what do we think volume is going to be. And as we continue to drive it, as you've heard me say, many times as we continue to drive and improve our service reliability that gives us confidence to continue to be aggressive and achieve core pricing gains, which is going to be a lever. And then the balance of the ability to squeeze out and make margin improvement is going to be wrapped up in our Unified Plan 2020 of which, I mean, I don't think you can hear more confidence from the team here in terms of our ability to continue to drive efficient operations and drive productivity dollars, which will fall to the margin.
Rob Knight: No, I get it, David, and I'll disappoint you in that we aren't going to give earnings guidance, as we don't. So, I mean, we're going to do as good as we can. And I think that you've heard us talk about the confidence that we have in driving margin improvement and how that turns out in terms of the earnings. We'll be as aggressive and hopefully as successful as we can. But I'm going to stay away from giving any earnings guidance.
Rob Knight: But, yes, Ravi, I would add to that, that's the driver, that's the key drivers, is our confidence of the Unified Plan 2020. But given the fact that we have eyes on as best as we can at this point of the volume numbers that we gave for the back half, that we take that into consideration as well.
Rob Knight: No. Stay tuned. We'll always update. As we said earlier on the call here, we'll be putting together our 2020 plans more firmly as -- between now and then and stay tuned.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Jim, I was just hoping you could talk about the additional and maybe structural cost opportunity. For example, where is the active locomotive fleet today? Where do you think you could go? What's the target for car velocity against the 200 miles per day you're doing – you're achieving today, opportunity for system-wide train length? Anything else that just gives us a sense of where you think the further opportunity is on the structural cost side relative to the improvements – the significant improvements you guys have made to-date? Thanks.
Amit Mehrotra: But you kind of teed up my follow-up question with respect to how all that translates to the OR. And given your early innings into all this, I would just expect your OR targets at this point when you've got six months of very strong operating performance in a tough environment to be frankly more ambitious, because there's another rail out there that has much lower revenue per carload but significantly better OR. It, obviously, takes time. So this is not a critique by any ways but I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on what the structural profitability potential is for the business based on both your longer tenure at the company and then also what other industry peers are being able to achieve? Thanks.
Amit Mehrotra: And just to be clear it wasn't a criticism. I think we all respect and appreciate how hard it is to deliver the results you achieved. But I just wanted to I guess ask the question because I had to but I appreciate it. Thank you.
