Lance M. Fritz: Thank you and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me here today in Omaha are Beth Whited, our Chief Operating Officer (sic) [Chief Marketing Officer] (00:40); Cameron Scott, the Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.3 billion for the first quarter of 2018, for a first quarter record $1. 68 per share. This represents an increase of 22% and 27%, respectively, when compared to 2017. Total volume increased 2% in the quarter compared to 2017. Energy carloads increased 6%, primarily driven by frac sand shipments, while Industrial and premium volume both increased 2%. Partially offsetting the volume increase was a decline in Agricultural Products, driven primarily by lower grain carloadings. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 64. 6%, which improved a little over 0.5 point from the first quarter of 2017. Our solid first quarter results were a direct reflection of the tremendous effort put forth by our entire workforce, and had not been for some network congestion it would have even been better. I'm encouraged by the work we're doing to quickly regain superior levels of service and efficiency. Our team will give you some more of the details on the first quarter starting with Beth.
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As we discussed today, we delivered solid first quarter results despite experiencing operational difficulties. We're pleased with the improvement we've seen in recent weeks, and we are confident in the plan we have in place to continue building on the progress that we've already made. With the economy favoring a number of our market segments, we're well positioned to benefit from another year of positive volume growth and solid core pricing gains. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance M. Fritz: Let me start and then I'm going to turn it over to Rob to fill in some detail. So from the standpoint of the network challenges, we mentioned that those had really started in the second half of last year and there are a myriad of reasons. Ultimately, that culminated in us having too many operating cars – operating car inventory on us for the amount of carloads that we were generating, which exacerbated the problem, made it worse. We've spent a good part of the first quarter and coming now into the second quarter in getting that right, there's still more work to be done there. And Rob mentioned that in terms of we're still going to face a headwind as we move into the year with excess resources deployed, so that we can get our service product right. But, Rob, do you want to...
Lance M. Fritz: And, Rob, I think it's important to note that the fact that we're masking some of the productivity improvements that we have the ability to make through these excess resources to get the network right. That has not in any way diminished both the game plan and the confidence around the game plan of what productivity opportunity we have.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, Scott. So it's not an aggregate issue. It's kind of a more targeted issue. So for us, if you go back to the second half of last year, there were a number of things that we've highlighted that started us down the road of a congested network, specifically ion the Southern region. Part of that congestion was visited in other parts of the network in part with our implementation of Positive Train Control and unintended stops. We've done some tremendous work on reducing that occurrence, and we feel very good and confident about squeezing that out. We did a couple of other things in terms of experimenting with our T-Plan, specifically up in the Pacific Northwest. And that created a little bit of congestion in dwell. We've deconstructed that. We're keeping the piece that we thought was most productive. And then you get down south, basically in our most constrained part of our network, we've seen significant manifest carload growth, which is the type of product that consumes our terminal and yard capacity. So when you put that all together, the way to get out of that as operating car inventory increased because of that congestion is to over-resource the network so you can run on demand. That you don't wait for crews and you don't wait for locomotives. And as Cameron pointed out, we changed our transportation plan so that we actually added starts in order to move cars out of our terminals and in toward customers and in toward interchange. All of that is paying dividends. We see that, as we mentioned, with a $25,000 or 11% reduction in our operating car inventory, and an improvement in dwell and an improvement in velocity. There's more work to be done there, but that's why you get more locomotives than you would need steady-state, more crews than you would need steady state. And once we achieved steady state or as we approach it, you should start seeing us put locomotives back into storage and our appetite for TE&Y is also going to reduce.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. So unpacking that, the short answer is yes. We do see both the CSX and the other railroads and other businesses, candidly, other industrial businesses doing things that we can learn from. We experiment with that learning like we did in the Pacific Northwest. Some elements that worked, some elements didn't, and we'll continue to innovate and experiment so that we continue to drive operating ratio. We're very proud of and I think stand on our record of improving operating ratio over the long term while providing a sound and excellent service product and being able to find areas of the market that we can grow into and generate attractive profit and return and we're going to keep that up. So nothing has really fundamentally changed for us in terms of how we're looking at the business and running the business. And what we're holding ourselves accountable for and what our shareholders and communities and customers and employees are holding us accountable for.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, Ken. I think it really is about getting the mix right of the right transportation plan, getting the inventory right and making sure that we have the right amount of fixed capacity available to handle it. You saw us announce earlier that we were firing up Brazos which is a large, modern network terminal in the middle of Texas, that's a key component of making sure that we have the right capacity to handle our business in Texas. We have other capital investments that we're making down in that area that will increase the fluidity and the ability to handle carloads in that area of our network. I don't think we have to deconstruct entirely and reconstruct entirely the game plan. We don't see that. But clearly, we see opportunity to continue to find productivity, both in how we manage over the road and how we manage in our terminals, and Cameron and team are all over that.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. We do not believe that there's a choice that you have to make to identify a low-water mark that you stand on in terms of operating ratio. We think that we can run this business in a way that will continually look for opportunities to reduce our operating ratio, and we think there's still opportunity for that. The other thing to note is we don't manage the business solely with a focus on one metric, right. I mean, operating ratio is a very important metric for how efficiently we're running the network. Return on invested capital is a very important measure that we use to make sure that we're making prudent investment decisions. We look at our service KPIs and our quality KPIs and, of course, our safety KPIs. So we believe we can accomplish all of that at the same time. We did a fair job of that in the first quarter this year. I mean, we've shown operating ratio improvement, record EPS, solid increase in operating income, and we think there's more of that to be had. And some of that was masked in the first quarter, because we had excess resources in the network to get back to a great service product.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. Bascome, so we constantly discuss our capital structure. You know, looking at us now and historically, we're pretty conservative in our capital structure. We make sure that we have our powder dry for the what-ifs as we look into the future. So not disclosing anything we discuss at board level, I would tell you that's a constant discussion. Right now, we think both our ability to generate incremental operating income and cash and tax reform gives us the opportunity to in aggregate increase leverage and also to reevaluate the amount of leverage we have.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah, fair point, David, and I would envision that we will be talking to this at our investor conference. And I get the pushback. I mean I understand. We've hit a little speedbump here in the road, and we're going to clear that as soon as we possibly can and get back on the track. But I hear the message that we need to rebuild that confidence in the investor base.
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah. Walter, part of that answer is, again, when a network business like a railroad gets congested, you can either gut it out, and that takes a long, long time. And usually it means volume goes away. And then, finally, you get enough spare capacity to be able to make the improvements you need to get back to where your plan was. Or you can overload the network so that you can run volume whenever you want. We have a physical capacity that is a rail capacity issue just in a few spots in the South in some terminals and some parts of the line of road. But what we don't want to do is also have that plus a locomotive capacity issue plus a crew capacity issue. So we've over-resourced those areas in the first quarter, clearly. We do have some more powder that's dry in locomotives. And as Cameron says, our hiring pipeline is full. I fully expect, as Cameron and team continue to improve our service product in the South, that we're going to be in a place where we start storing locomotives again and slowing down that hiring pipeline. Where that happens exactly, when it happens exactly, we can't tell. But what we can tell is, as we make improvement, we've got an eye towards being able to do that because those are the costs that are getting in the way of us demonstrating the $300 million to $350 million of productivity that we know we can get this year.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. Brandon, I'll start by saying what we really focus on is generating industry-best operating income and cash, which we do. And some part of whether or not we can get that from the top line volume is predicated on what's happening in the market and what's available to us at what we would consider appropriate and attractive return. But with that, I'll turn it over to Beth and Rob.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, thank you all for your questions. And we look forward to talking with you at our Investor Day in Omaha on May 31. Thanks.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Thank you, Lance, and good morning. For the first quarter, our volume was up 2% driven by Energy, Premium and Industrial offset by Agricultural Products, we generated positive net core pricing of 2% in the quarter with continued pricing pressure in our coal markets. The increase in volume and a 5% improvement in average revenue per car drove a 7% increase in freight revenue. Let's take a closer look at the performance of each business group. Ag Products revenue was flat on a 4% volume decrease with an offsetting 5% average revenue per car increase. Grain carloads were down 16% with continued weakness in grain exports due to high global supplies, partially offset by strength in long-haul domestic grain business. Grain products carloads were up 1% as growth in ethanol exports and other biofuels were partially offset by reduced meal shipments to the east due to a strong eastern crush. Fertilizer experienced a 10% increase due to robust export potash demand coupled with increased demand for sulfur from both the mining and fertilizer markets. Energy revenue increased 15% for the quarter on a 6% increase in volume and a 8% increase in average revenue per car. Coal and coke were down 3% driven primarily by a contract change, coupled with lower natural gas prices. Natural gas prices fell 7% versus first quarter 2017 and PRB coal inventories continue to be below the five-year average. Sand carloads were up 52% due to increased crude production from major shale formations and favorable crude oil prices. Petroleum, LPG and renewables carloads increased 22% for the quarter, driven primarily by crude oil shipments. Industrial revenue was up 6% on a 2% increase in volume and a 4% increase in average revenue per car during the quarter. Construction carloads decreased 6%, primarily driven by rock, due to weather and service impacts in Texas. Metals volume increased 11% for the quarter, driven by strong OCTG pipe and line pipe shipments into West Texas and Oklahoma. Our specialized markets volume increased 10% overall, driven by military shipments due to continued strength in training rotations and deployments as well as waste shipments due to remediation project growth. Premium revenue was up 7% with a 2% increase in volume and a 5% increase in average revenue per car. Domestic intermodal volume increased 5%, driven by continued strength in parcel and stronger demand from tight truck capacity. Auto parts volume growth was driven by over-the-road conversions and growth in light truck demand which minimized the impact of lower overall production levels. International intermodal volume was down 2%, driven by increased transloading and changing vessel ports of call. Finished vehicle shipments decreased 2% as a result of lower production levels and high inventories. These reductions were partially offset by new West Coast import traffic and strong truck and SUV shipments out of Mexico. Looking ahead, for Agricultural Products, while we continue to face challenges in the export grain market from high global supplies, potential tariffs and a low-protein wheat crop, we are starting to see some positive indicators resulting from crop uncertainty in South America. We anticipate continued strength in ethanol exports. We also expect growth in food and beverage shipments due to Cold Connect penetration, tightened truck capacity and continued strength in import beer. For Energy, we expect favorable crude oil spreads to drive positive results for petroleum products in 2018. We anticipate uncertainty in frac sand due to tougher year-over-year comps in addition to continued concerns around the viability of local sand. We expect coal to continue to experience headwinds in the second quarter with natural gas prices. And as always for coal, weather conditions will be a key factor for demand. For Industrial looking forward we anticipate strength in plastics as new facilities and expansions come online, as well as continued strength in Industrial production. For Premium, over the road conversions from continued tightening in truck capacity will present new opportunities for domestic and auto parts growth. Despite challenges within the international intermodal market, we anticipate year-over-year growth for the remainder of the year resulting from new business opportunities. The U.S. light vehicle sales forecast for 2018 is 16.9 million units, down about 2% from 2017. Production shifts and new import business will create some opportunity to offset the weaker market demand. With that, I'll turn it over to Cameron for an update on our operating performance.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Sure. Allison, we continue to be very encouraged by what we're seeing in the truck market and the opportunities that that gives us both for, as you indicate, pricing gains but also volume gains, bringing more volume onto the railroad. We will continue to feel like we have opportunities in all of our truck competitive markets. Where we're really seeing pressure continues to be in places like international intermodal and in the coal markets
Elizabeth F. Whited: I think that we've always been pretty optimistic that we're going to handle the plastics business to a significant degree. Some of it will be packaged onsite at the original producer, in which case Union Pacific won't have an opportunity to participate. But for those producers that are intentionally using hopper cars as their first means of warehousing, if you will, and then going to a plastics packager for their export shipments, we hope we'll certainly participate at least on that first move. But we do believe that there will be a substantial percentage of this plastics that's produced in the Gulf that will end up West Coast exit from the United States. And we think that packaging facilities like the one we're developing in Dallas right adjacent to our intermodal facility will give us a great opportunity to participate in that. And we are still on track to open that facility with our partner KTN in the late third quarter of this year.
Elizabeth F. Whited: We don't really comment on that, Justin. What I would just tell you is we are encouraged again by the tightening truck capacity. And we feel good about our opportunity to get pricing in those truck competitive markets.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Bascome, I would say that the economy feels pretty good to us. Industrial production was very strong in the first quarter. It looks to stay strong as we progress throughout the year. We've had some wins that are public on the international intermodal side that makes us feel good. We do have some uncertainty I'd say with what happens with coal, the Ag markets globally are always a little bit of a question mark for us. And there was something else I was going to say which slipped my mind, oh, frac sand is still, like you indicated, uncertain just because of all the capacity that's coming on locally. So our guidance has been kind of low-single-digit. We're not changing that at this point. But certainly, we're optimistic about having a nice volume year.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yeah. You're right, Tom. We've had a couple price questions already, and they are somewhat similar. But, yes, we continue to see pressure in coal and international intermodal. We are very optimistic and encouraged by the truck tightening. And certainly in our truck competitive markets we're seeing strong pricing. Rob talked about that earlier. If you took coal and international intermodal out, we are at about 2.75% pricing. So there is opportunity out there in the truck competitive markets and we'll be going after it strong.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Well, we don't like to try to predict what's going to happen in the future. All I can really tell you is that we will take advantage of every opportunity to not only go after pricing, but to try to convert that highway business to rail while we see the truck tightening and the opportunity for us to provide value.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yes. We are partway through bid season on the intermodal side, and we always are converting over about a third of our business every year and we'll have pricing opportunities as the year progresses.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yes. I wholeheartedly agree with Lance's comments. But what you are seeing I think from us this year in particular, is pretty – we had some questions earlier about growth, but I think it's going to be a solid year for us. We are having some wins in international intermodal that are, like I said, public. The markets feel good to us. We have great exposure to the growth that's happening in the Gulf Coast in industrial, chemicals and plastics. So just echoing Lance's comments, our focus is very much on getting value for the service that we provide so that we do provide industry-leading margins and returns, and my team is really focused on doing that. We have a great business development pipeline. And we're going to continue to ensure that we put up good numbers in that regard.
Elizabeth F. Whited: Yes. We have been participating in that Mexico energy reform market. It started first for us with pretty significant LPG volumes. And then last year and into the first quarter, we did see solid finished fuels, gasoline and diesel shipments. It's a nice growth opportunity. I wouldn't call it a substantial carload potential over the long-term. But we're participating in that market and will continue to pursue opportunities from the refinery complex that we serve in the Gulf Coast down into the key consuming markets in Mexico in partnership with both KCSM and FXE.
Elizabeth F. Whited: You know customers are really motivated to do the same thing that we are, which is make money and move their product, right. So we see very rational behavior from customers in terms of adding freight cars to the network based on the cycle times that they see. So as we slow down, we did have some customers that added additional freight cars. I feel like our conversations with those customers about the improvements that were making and the increased cycle time and then causing them to make rational decisions which is pull freight cars back off the network. So I don't see that being any sort of a long-term systemic issue for us.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Chris, I would just add – we're not going to fine point number on what we think that congestion cost is going to be in the second quarter. I will just tell you recall Cam's slides where we are making improvements. We've seen sequential improvement on the one hand and that's all good. But we are bringing on those additional locomotives that we highlighted there. So when you add it all up, we're focused as all can be on getting back, if you will. But in terms of exactly what that dollar amount might turn out in the second quarter, we'll just have to stay tuned. We're aggressively looking to reduce that. And I would also add that even with that $40 million of challenges that we faced in the first quarter, our total productivity was still a positive at that $35 million that I reported.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Chris, I would say it's the same levers that were there before. And that is positive volume, which we feel pretty good about; positive price, which, as Beth talked about, we still feel pretty good about; and then productivity. So yeah, the margin, if you will, of improvement might have gotten a little bit more challenged with what we were facing on the congestion cost. But the levers are frankly the same. And we are fixated and convicted around improving that operating ratio this year.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Justin, as you know, we don't give quarterly guidance on the OR. But remember last year the reported OR was 63%. Of course you've got the pension adjustment that affects that. So that's the marker. And, yes, I think it's fair to say that the room for air, if you will, to make improvement is a little bit more challenging this year, given the costs that we just talked about, than it might have been had we not incurred those costs. But we're still focused on making that improvement year-over-year.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, Amit. I would say that the incremental margin is still a fair way of looking at it. And we still need to average, call it, in the 50% to 60% range. I mean, on a fuel adjusted basis I think in the first quarter it was like in the mid-50s. Absolute, all reported was closer to 40-ish. But we have to get back to that 50% to 60%, and over the long-term we're focused on doing that. And I guess, I would just say that if you're calling out surprise around the OR commentary, you might – I assume you're referring to the 60%, plus or minus, by next year.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. What we're basically saying there is, that in our mind is a 60%. I mean, that was the guidance that we are taking down and we're going to revisit that when we meet at the end of May. But that – to achieve a 60% OR from where we are today by next year, we're just saying that's unlikely at this time. We're not giving up on our focus, but that's just unlikely to hit a 60% between now and next year.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, and I've said this publicly previous, and you're right, we are going to get into this in more detail at the May Investor Conference. But the way we're thinking about it, I mean, we think we have additional capacity both as a result of our ongoing strong cash from operations and then turbo charged, if you will, by the tax reform. And our guiding light is a solid investment grade rating, and we are working with the rating agencies around that. But more to come on that, but we think that gives us additional capacity.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: More to come on that. I mean, again, I'm not going to get into details here, but again, a solid investment grade rating is sort of that guiding light. And you're right, we're well above that today.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah, I mean, as you know and others know, we haven't put a finite date on that 55%. But as Lance and Cam have commented throughout this morning, we continue to believe, while we've hit this little speedbump, if you will, that doesn't change our conviction and our belief that there's a lot more to be gained here. And we don't just don't pull numbers out of the thin air, we've got real action plans behind, as you've heard me speak to you many times, real action plans behind getting to that 55%. And yeah, we need economy to cooperate. We need to be performing at a high level, we need to continue to get price above inflation to get there, but we're confident in our ability to ultimately drive to a 55%.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: Yeah. Matt, again, this is Rob. We'll talk more detail at the Investor conference. But I would say directionally it's both. I mean, you're right. We think we have debt capacity and that is turbocharged by the benefits from the tax package. So we're looking at it as a combination of those things and that's what we're working through with the rating agencies.
Robert M. Knight, Jr.: So, Walter, our view, as you've heard us say many times on that, has not changed. And that is it will move up and down with whatever volume ends up being. We are projecting that volume is going to be on the positive side of the ledger. But it will be one for one. We still expect to achieve productivity as we look at the head count.
