John J. Koraleski: Well, thanks, Rob. And as Rob said, as we look out over the next several months, the political and financial challenges in the United States and abroad have increased the economic uncertainty. In this environment, we're going to continue to be agile, just like we were in the third quarter; we'll adapt to changing market conditions; and we'll leverage our diverse franchise. But longer term, we are very positive about future prospects for the Union Pacific. We continue to make strategic investments that strengthen and enhance the franchise, supporting future business opportunities. Going forward, we remain confident in our ability to provide excellent service, increase customer value and generate strong returns for our shareholders. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. And I think Scott, as you think about it, your question about pricing, we're not going to get into the details of it. But I can tell you right now, we are not straying away from our strategy which is to price to reinvestable levels. And if we can't get to reinvestable levels, we'll walk away from the business. And we've stayed strong with that. It's paid a great -- a bit benefit for us overall. And we're still -- that's where our head is. We'll win some, we'll lose some. We feel very good about our capability to take legacy contracts, bring it up to market levels, and that's where we're going to stay.
John J. Koraleski: The interesting thing about that, Bill, is in the tough coal environment, as Rob said, we're conservative in terms of our outlook on or how we calculate the price. What happens when the calendar flips is we now go year-over-year and we won't see the full potential of that pricing show up as core price, but where you'll see it is on our operating ratio and our bottom line improvements.
John J. Koraleski: It's a year-over-year comparison. So for the legacy business that we repriced this year, that becomes the new base for next year. And so, what you'll see is just the incremental increase from next year over this year. You won't see the full benefit of the step-up in core price. Where you'll see it is in the operating ratio and in the bottom line improvements margin.
John J. Koraleski: Hey, Ken, I think we're going to lap those contracts in January. The ones from this year that we lost, we'll lap that in January.
John J. Koraleski: The one added risk that we have, Brandon, for fourth quarter as you get into winter operations, and if we were to get dumped on with a major blizzard or something like that, we'd have to see what happens with that.
John J. Koraleski: Our customer base is very positive, very interested in service and making sure that we stand tall in terms of providing equipment and great turnaround times, consistent and reliable. So it's a good outlook for us for the fourth quarter.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. Correct me if I'm wrong, Eric, but what we see is pipelines are going to come in and that may slow our growth rate, so you won't be seeing a 300% year-over-year improvement in oil shipments like you saw this year, but we don't expect our oil shipments to go down.
John J. Koraleski: Justin, so I'm going to give you Jack's view of the world and what I look at internally. So I kind of take my business and I say, okay, take the coal downturn off the table, take the shale business, set it aside because those really aren't the economic barometers. And to the level that I can, take out the global impact on the steel market because that was really the game changer, the difference point between third quarter and second quarter for us, and the rest of the business, things like lumber up 12%; things like the automobile business up 13%; rock business up 6%; domestic Intermodal which was a record for us last year, still trending higher again, so we're in all likelihood going to have a record performance again this year. That says that at this point in time, the consumers aren't really pulling their horns in and that the overall economic activity is kind of a slow growth, which is what we expected going into the year. And at this point in time, in our volume levels as we've gone into the fourth quarter, despite all the handwringing over the fiscal cliff and sequestration and all those other kinds of things in our fundamental kind of economic barometers. And also I should add to that, the Industrial Chemical business, which is all pretty solid for us. We're not in bad shape. The economy seems to be just kind of moving ahead in kind of a slow growth trajectory, and that's where we are.
John J. Koraleski: Very little because, again, that business that moves on the railroad -- so we're distinguishing between the subsidiary company and the railroad, the business that moves on the railroad is at reinvestable levels.
John J. Koraleski: This is kind of reminiscent for me. A couple of years ago, we were at this time sitting on incredibly high stockpiles and thought we were going to be in trouble, and then we had one of the coldest winters on record and we saw those stockpiles dissipate very quickly, and we ended up having very strong coal loadings. So weather can have a big impact on us, and that certainly is a big point of uncertainty for us.
John J. Koraleski: Matt, not only is that fair, but again, let me just kind of reiterate for you that we need to get our business, every carload that moves on Union Pacific at a reinvestable level, and if it's not, we will walk away from it. We've had a number of customers come to us and say, if we don't lower coal rates, they're going to go out of business. Unfortunately, if their businesses is dependent on the value of their transportation contract and not on their intrinsic product that they're producing, they're probably going to go out of business anyway. And we also have to be sensitive to all of our other coal customers that are paying us. So we take a very pragmatic approach. And we are absolutely committed to pricing to market. We are absolutely committed to bringing legacy up to market rates. We're absolutely committed to our reinvestability threshold. And we think when that's all said and done, we will outperform inflation in terms of our total pricing.
John J. Koraleski: Well, great. Before we wrap up this morning, just let me reiterate that we recognize there are uncertain economy issues out there, and it's going to bring us some challenges over the next several months, but we're actually very confident that our team is going to remain agile, just as we were in the third quarter. We're going to continue to leverage the opportunities of our diverse franchise. We continue to see strong pricing for the balance of this year, and I think we're going to have a very successful end to the year. So thanks so much for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to seeing as many of you as we can in our Investor Day in Dallas at the end of this month.
Eric L. Butler: Let me talk about stockpiles first. I think the industry stockpile number is somewhere around 20 days above normal. If you dissect the eastern versus the western utility, I think you'll see a significant difference. We think, in our serving area, most of our customers are seeing stockpiles about 5 to 10 days above normal, that's significantly lower than what the likely stockpiles are in the east. There's a lot of uncertainty in the market in terms of coal market share versus natural gas and other sources. Certainly, as the price of natural gas increases, that makes it more favorable for coal, and so the futures market for the price of natural gas is going up, and logically, that should make it more favorable for coal. A lot of uncertainties out there, a lot of uncertainties in terms of the current utilities have put in, agreements to use natural gas for a period of time. So over the long-term, if natural gas goes up, coal improves its competitiveness against natural gas.
Eric L. Butler: We're not giving volume guidance for crude oil, but we are seeing -- we have seen a ramp-up throughout the year, as you mentioned, and there are investments that are continuing to be made, particularly at St. James. We think as the investments come online, that provides the capacity for growth. And we will see ourselves being able to continue to take advantage of the growth opportunity.
Eric L. Butler: We still are hugely excited about our Intermodal strategy. We think there's lots of upside in terms of conversion from truck to rail. We believe our rail value proposition has a value proposition to truck and over the road moves. And we're committed to pricing to the market and ensuring a reinvestable return. And our outlook in terms of the opportunities for conversion and the value associated with that remains.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. The number as a whole is very large, and what we do is we narrow that down to the potential volume moving within a radius of our Intermodal ramps, both on the origin and the destination side. And if you kind of narrow that down and look at what we think -- what portion of that 11 million we think is really attainable, it's probably closer to a 3 million to 4 million number.
Eric L. Butler: No. I mean, the overall economic outlook, as I've said in terms of Automotive sales, is staying strong and recent SARS rate is still growing. I think the Global Insight in our Automotive industry is both projecting continued strong sales. And we have a huge Automotive franchise and we'll play in that and get the benefits of that.
Eric L. Butler: Interestingly enough, you used the word supplanting. The oil companies have made huge investments, both in terms of infrastructure and in terms of railcars. And our view of the world is that people don't make those investments just for a short-term kind of swings and usage. So we think crude by rail is here to stay. We have a value proposition. It allows a lot of flexibility in terms of moving crude quickly to different destinations in terms of moving by rail versus moving by pipeline. There will be more pipelines that will be implemented, but we think crude by rail will play a role in the market for the foreseeable future.
Eric L. Butler: I'm assuming you're referring to our union -- all of the -- our subsidiary businesses, Union Pacific Distribution Services, our streamline subsidiary. As we look at where that fits in our strategy, those are huge leverage values for us in our strategy, those entities are really looking to provide in addition to rail services for our Autos customers, our Intermodal customers, other transload customers. And we continue to see upside opportunity for those value-added services.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. We're looking at it closely, trying to evaluate what '13 is going to be. And as Jack said, there's a lot of factors, and we're looking at them and trying to get our arms around them.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. And the 70% is really the percent of business that's under some kind of customer specific agreement. It's either a 1-year contract, multi-year contract, a shorter-term contract. The 30% is what's under our public agreement or tariff. And as Jack said, we have -- we're repricing all year long, throughout the year.
Eric L. Butler: And in terms of negotiation, we've said before, our -- all negotiations are difficult negotiations. Our coal customers are very smart, savvy transportation providers, and they always negotiate every factor that they can negotiate, and they're always tough.
Eric L. Butler: We -- if you look at the improvement of the Industrial Production and manufacturing in Mexico, we think Mexico is going to be a huge growth opportunity for us, both on the Automotive side, on the carload side and the Intermodal side. We have 6 gateways, as you mentioned. We are working with both Mexican rail carriers, and we have great franchise lanes from those border points to the consumption markets in the U.S. So we continue to see Mexico and the outlook for our cross-border business as being one of our growth stories.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I would say your question is a good one. We can't reconcile it either. So I mean, your question is a good one.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, David, that's a good question. I think at the last quarterly release, what we talked about was with the relatively low natural gas prices, there were 6, 7, 8 large chemical companies that have announced expansions, particularly in the Gulf region, in our sweet spot. If you look at the ramp-up or the construction timeline for most of those, those are late '14, '15, '16 kind of timelines, which is I think what we talked about at our last earnings release.
Eric L. Butler: We don't historically talk specifically about pricing by commodity group. If we look at our kind of historic Intermodal book of business, Intermodal historically has been priced at, call it, a 30% discount to truck. We think that our value proposition allows us to narrow that discount to truck, and that's part of our strategy that we're doing. And then if you look at the kind of the impact of the trucking industry, the regulations changes on drivers, increased fuel, their costs are going up. So as their cost goes up, that gives us additional headwind in terms of our value proposition. So we are narrowing the gap between the historical discounts that Intermodal has had to trucks.
Eric L. Butler: I think quite honestly at this point in time, we're looking at it, but we haven't made any decisions.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Tom, I think, generally speaking, that the trends you're seeing right now should continue. And just to kind of elaborate a little bit, our labor line inflations, we'll call around 3%, but we challenge ourselves every year to offset 100% of inflation with productivity. We don't always get 100%, but we strive to get at least half -- offset half of the inflation with productivity initiatives. So that mindset will not change as we head into 2013.
Robert M. Knight: It depends on what you're comparing it to, Bill. What I pointed out is that -- and you're exactly right, in the second quarter -- just to remind everybody what we said, in the second quarter, we reported 4.5% core price, and of course, the way we measure price, frankly, the most conservative way I can think of measuring it, is an all-in yield calculation against our entire book of business. And we said that, that second quarter 4.5% core price was negatively impacted by the falloff in coal volumes to the tune of about 0.5 point. What we then saw in the third quarter was as coal volumes still below last year, but coal volumes sequentially improved from the second quarter, that picked up about 0.5 point. So if you looked at the difference between the 4.5% in the second quarter and the 5% that we just reported in the third quarter, that variation is driven largely by that increase in coal. So to your point, we're still not running the same levels of volumes that we ran last year but I didn't put a number around that, but it clearly was a negative impact versus had we run 36 trains per day out of the Powder River Basin, for example.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, you're exactly right, Chris. We've turned in fabulous incremental margins and really what will -- what would drive that as much as anything is the volume swings that can occur from quarter-to-quarter. But we're focused, as I've said before, on core pricing gains, productivity initiatives. And to get to our 65% to 67% OR guidance that we have out there by full year 2015, it assumes that we'll get 50%-ish or better incremental margins from here to there. And so, we aren't giving specific quarter-by-quarter incremental margins, but that -- you can take that to mean we're going to continue to be as focused on all of those initiatives that help drive those incremental margins between now and then and then beyond that.
Robert M. Knight: We haven't given that guidance. I mean, it's really the factors will drive -- while we did have the loss of the contracts that we've referred to you before, of course, what will drive what our volumes actually end up doing, I realize this isn't exactly what you're asking, but what will drive that as Eric elaborated is the price of gas. Weather is a huge driver in terms of what our volumes will be in the coal business. And last year, recall, we had a very mild winter. We started the year off with very mild weather conditions. And so, weather will be as big a determinant as any in terms of where the volumes are.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Just a couple of points. Your comment that the fuel shouldn't be as much of a headwind, I mean, that we'll see. We'll see what the fuel prices. How that actually plays out would be caution number 1. Number 2, as Eric walked through the pluses and minuses in each of the commodities, we -- there's a lot of uncertainty out there and we gave guidance here that the fourth quarter volumes will be flat to slightly down. And so those all will be factors. I mean, you're right. On a historical basis, you're 100% right. But as we head into the fourth quarter this year, we'll see how those other factors play out.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. We previously, as you all have seen, shown sort of a pie chart, if you will, of legacy renewals that come up because that's dependent upon what the volumes actually turn out to be. But we've said that there's roughly $350 million of legacy revenue that we'll be competing for and repricing next year, which frankly, a lot of that's front end loaded. But we haven't given guidance specifically on what our pricing will look like next year with and without that legacy, other than to say that we're going to continue to have a mindset of reinvestability. We'd say it's going to be an inflation plus kind of pricing environment, but we haven't changed our view of and our expectations of what we expect to achieve on pricing.
Robert M. Knight: The peak season, as we said, last quarter, we expected it to be muted, and it is muted. Our volumes in the third quarter, as we said, were up about 1%. October volumes, interestingly enough, month-to-date, you could see the public car loadings, they're up a little bit more. They're up about 3%, 4%. So the peak season is still muted. We are remaining focused on our strategy, and we're pricing for our value of our service. Our MCP program is still we think a great strategic advantage for us and we're going forward with it.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, I just want to add to that. As that -- and because we're expanding our services here, as Eric just outlined, which is a great value-add to our customers, but in terms of the precise margins that we gain on that, it's a good question, and it isn't as good a margin, but it's asset light business. So...
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, it's great business for the railroad, yes, but in terms of -- it does -- the reality of it is, and it's a great business for us, we love it, but in terms of the incremental margins overall and our overall financials, it can put a little pressure on that. But that's okay for us because again overall, we're making the progress as an enterprise that we're making, and this is all value-added, helps our customers and helps our bottom line.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Let me talk about the headcount first. I mean, let me remind everyone what we've said, we expect our overall headcount to move with volumes. So if volumes are up, we expect headcount to move up, but not necessarily one-for-one because of productivity initiatives. Now what drove our increase in headcount this quarter with flat volume was, as they had pointed out, stronger capital programs and included in those capital programs was a Positive Train Control work. So if you look at the headcount increases, they're really kind of going towards those capital projects as opposed to per se volume today. As you look at the -- your question on the sort of the revenue ton-miles and gross ton-mile question, really the bottom line answer is mix. And what you're seeing is less coal volumes, which are heavier freight carloads for us, and more, for example, autos volumes, which are lighter, if you will, from a gross ton-mile perspective. So really the answer to that question is a mix.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I think, Ben, the reference that you're probably referring to was Eric's comments on the markets and the volumes that we're seeing because in his last slide, he went through sort of pluses and minuses within business group. But from a volume standpoint, we see sort of things continuing, and I further gave guidance on the fourth quarter volume that we've got to be flat to slightly negative.
Robert M. Knight: Let me just say we're out of gate. We're not going to get into as much specific that you asked. I mean, you asked a lot of kind of specific questions, negotiating strategies and things like that, that we're going to probably be very general here in terms of your questions. But in terms of the legacy, if you look at our coal book of business, our contracts are 3 to 5 years, so as Jack said earlier, we're constantly renegotiating contracts. We've got both legacy renewals next year. And I refer you to the pie that we've used in the past in terms of how much legacy renewal, overall enterprise-wide that come up for renewal next year. But behind even that, then there's just always negotiations taking place throughout the year in our coal business, in all of our businesses for that matter, so there's nothing unusual there. But if we have 3- to 5-year contracts, then yes, call it 20%, 25% kind of level of business that's up for renewal every year.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Keith, you're right, we own 26%, but it really is an investment. We have great partnership with the FXE, but if you look at our book of business, we interchange just as much, if not more, with the Kansas City, Southern Mexico. So we're agnostic, if you will, in terms of that relationship. And we're comfortable with that 26% ownership as it is. The other point I was going to just make about Mexico is, as you're pointing out, it is one of the strengths of our franchise. It's a differentiator between us and others in that we are the only railroad that crosses at those 6 border crossings. And if you look at our overall volumes, our Mexican business in the northbound and southbound is running about 6% positive volume growth versus our overall enterprise of being flattish in the third quarter. So it's outpacing our overall. And that's because of the great service relationship and the diverse franchise footprint that we have.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Jeff, I'd say -- let me give you the mix answer because it really is a combination of things. Length of haul was down about 1% overall. But really in terms of kind of looking at the yield, it really is a mix within a mix story. I mean, if you look at each one of our commodity groups, there really is kind of a mix here. Mix, meaning length of haul within each commodity group and sometimes within each customer base. And our focus on repricing to reinvestability, there was mix within that in terms of what you saw in the coal business, for example. So I don't have a straight answer for you other than to say that overall, our length of haul was off about 1%.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Can I just reiterate that we say, overall, we look at our enterprise, as Jack has said several times, we're looking at an inflation plus sort of pricing environment. And the other thing I would -- your question reminds me to say here is that we're well aware of some of the reports out there that you're referring to about a 25% reduction, that is not us, I mean we're not confirming that, that was a comment, and I think frankly, the way I interpreted that comment that I know others have picked up on was somebody had an incentive to make that comment based on what they expected as opposed to there being an absolute rate reduction at 25%. But I can assure you, that's not what's happening in our book of business.
Robert M. Knight: This is Rob. I would just -- Kevin, I would just say that you've asked sort of theoretical questions. Again, we're not going to confirm or debate what theoretically could happen. And again, we're not giving specific guidance on our pricing other than to -- by commodity, other than to say that overall, we expect positive pricing, reinvestability based -- market based, and we expect that to be inflation plus kind of pricing overall, like we've seen looking backwards.
Robert M. Knight: Fuel surcharge revenue line was -- let me look that up here real fast -- around $630 million in the quarter.
Lance M. Fritz: That C rate improvement is really just about traction in what we've talked about previously, which is, it reflects a fluid network. The better the network, the better our C rate, all else equal. Increased in continued traction with programs like Fuel Masters where we incent our engineers to run their trains in a fuel-efficient manner and the fuel efficiency of our locomotive fleet. So you see all of it getting traction in this quarter.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So John, the southern region for us is essentially east of El Paso to New Orleans and south of Kansas City. When we're talking about the South and significant growth, it's mostly about Texas and Louisiana, and it's mostly about shale-related activity or Industrial Chemicals or the Petro-Chem industry that's benefiting from low natural gas feedstocks. And when we talked about capacity constraints in train size length in the South, the short answer is yes, we do know where our bottlenecks are and we are investing capital where -- when we relieve those bottlenecks, we generate an excellent return. As well as, the South is just our most significant concentration of single track, and it's a significant concentration of manifest traffic at its terminals. And those things tend to retard train length. But net-net, John, as we look forward, we will stay ahead of any of those constraints that meaningfully impact the ability to get solid productivity on that traffic growth.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, I wouldn't attribute it to a decrease in coal movements. As a matter fact, our coal network tends to be one of our most highly productive networks that we run. So it's actually a headwind depending on what measures you're looking at when coal declines. I would attribute the improvement to, as we've mentioned, effective capital investment, the UP way and the full engagement of all of our employees on improving their workplace and improving the productivity of their work. And we're seeing that pay off, and that's got a very long run rate.
