Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob, and good morning and welcome to Union Pacific's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today in Omaha are Kenny Rocker, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Eric Gehringer, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jennifer Hamann, our Chief Financial Officer. We're also joined by our newly elected Independent Chair of the Board of Directors, Mike McCarthy, who will take a couple of minutes to address the announcements we made this morning regarding my successor and our Board.  Mike, the floor is yours. 
Lance Fritz: Thanks, Mike. We appreciate your leadership throughout the process. And I'm pleased to welcome back Jim to Union Pacific, and I'm confident that the company has the right leaders to advance the hard work that's underway.  Now let's turn to the business of the call and second quarter results. This morning, Union Pacific reported 2023 second quarter net income of $1.6 billion or $2.57 per share. This compares to 2022 second quarter net income of $1.8 billion or $2.93 per share. Our second quarter operating ratio of 63% was up 280 basis points versus 2022 primarily driven by lower revenue, inflationary pressures and the previously disclosed onetime ratification bonus payment.  Throughout the quarter, we provided our customers with a more consistent and reliable service product while generally meeting the demand that was available to us. Eric will discuss in more detail the progress we've made, but the bottom line is that the actions we've taken to strengthen our crew resources are improving the railroad.  We also acted during the quarter to increase the efficiency of our network by rightsizing our locomotive fleet using crews more efficiently and making sequential improvements in train length. We finished the quarter with our resources better aligned with current volumes.  As you'll hear from Kenny, while several of our markets showed growth, consumer-facing markets remained soft and drove the volume decline. However, the strength of our business development efforts enabled us to mitigate the macro impact and outperform our peers.  So let me turn it over to Kenny to provide more color on the business environment. 
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jennifer. As you've heard from the team, the first half of this year has been about laying a foundation for future success. Key to that foundation is safety and the quality of life of our employees, and I'm pleased with the progress we've been making on both those fronts.  As you heard from Eric, we continue to make the railroad safer, while improvements in our safety metrics are critical. More encouraging are the positive strides we're making in our safety culture. The team has great momentum across our safety programs, which gives me great pride as I step away.  I'm also encouraged by the progress we've made to address quality-of-life issues with our craft professionals, reaching historic labor agreements around paid sick leave, crew redeployment and scheduled work. These agreements drive employee engagement and productivity to produce a better service product for our customers.  As I wrap up time as CEO of Union Pacific, I'd like to express my deep appreciation to the Board and shareholders of UP for giving me the privilege of leading the company for the past eight years. I'm proud of how the team has positioned Union Pacific to thrive for the years ahead, and I'm pleased to say that we provided great value all along the way.  Union Pacific is truly a special place. It's full of hard-working, dedicated railroaders who embrace the daily task of Building America. It's been my greatest honor to lead this team. Their commitment to be the best for our communities, our customers, our investors and for each other is remarkable. 160-plus years of success began and continues with our exceptional employees. I can't wait to see what they accomplish next. 
Lance Fritz: We should be crystal clear as well, Jennifer and Eric, Chris, that there's still work to be done. When we look into the third and fourth quarter, Eric outlined some of it in his prepared comments, but we are not yet volume-variable with what we're seeing in the marketplace. We took a step towards that in the second quarter. We got to keep taking steps in the third and fourth. 
Lance Fritz: So Justin, I think as we look into the back half of this year, improving productivity, the hiring pipeline tones down a little bit, but we're still hiring. It probably looks like year-over-year about equal, I think, is what Jennifer was saying.  Not sure what's going on in the marketplace. So we got to we've got to do everything we can to capture all the business that's available to us. And then fuel is going to be a real headwind in the back half.  Offsetting that, we get a tailwind from implementing the brake person agreement. And as we implement the work rest schedule, I am confident that generates both productivity and service product improvement. The issue is timing and magnitude. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, Brandon, thank you for that question. And we'll try to keep this to be the only question on that. So I'll try to make the answer fulsome. In terms of what am I proud of, what did I think we got right as a team, one is I love the team that we've assembled. It's world-class. I love the work that we've done on sustainability. I love the fact that we are an inclusive workforce. You can see it in our Board. You can see it on our management team.  I like the progress that we've made on safety. We've got more to do there. And I love the fact that we transitioned from our previous transportation model and way of running the railroad to a PSR model that's a better service product for our customers.  In terms of what we needed to do better, we were not consistent and reliable through my 8.5 years of serving as the Chairman, President and COO. And that needs to be remedied. As we look into the future, that's exactly what we need to continue to do. We've got a strategy, serve, grow, win together, that's built off the foundation of consistent and reliable service.  I am confident we're oriented, organized and capable of doing that. We've got to prove it to our customers. Because Brandon, our customers tell us, as we demonstrate reliability, there's more of their order book available to us, plus there's more market participants that will start doing business with us. That's the unlock for growth. And growth is the unlock for significant value creation in the future for everybody, for all of our stakeholders. 
Lance Fritz: Kenny, why don't I start with the -- what about the agreements and getting price and productivity out of them. The short answer, Brian, is we are confident that we can continue to price above inflation. We've just seen a few agreements like paid sick leave add to the inflation in our comp and benefits. And Kenny's team is tasked now to get out there and make sure that we recoup that.  In terms of productivity, the brake person agreement is just a clear path on productivity. We can reduce 3 people to 2 people on crews where we don't need 3 people, and we can either redeploy them or lower our hiring demands. So that clearly, just in that one example -- there are other examples like in work rest, Brian, we'll be able to get productivity out of that.  Today, there's a percentage of our workforce when they're called to take a train, they are not available to us. And we don't know that before we call them. And that creates failure cost and disruption in the network. I'm going to presume, and I think the experience where work rest schedules are in place, that unpredictability dropped dramatically. When that happens, we get better the utilization of our assets and we lower failure costs from the network. So the only question for us is order of magnitude and when as we implement. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, Bascome, thanks for the question. First, you got to note, Jim Vena is our CEO. He runs the company, that reports to Jim. So I don't anticipate any meaningful dislocations or push-pull created by org structure. And having said that, there's some natural creative tension in the business all the time. There's creative tension between the operating team and the commercial team. There can be creative tension between the team that is controlling versus the team that's spending.  Just -- you can name any number. The most important thing is we've got a fabulous operating executive joining us as our CEO. He's got a great track record, and he's going to be laser-focused on making sure that we're providing the best service product to our customers so that we can translate it into growth. He's going to do a very good job of making sure the team works together.  We're working well together today. I anticipate we'll be working well together a month from now. And Beth's role is going to be making sure that she's supporting all of that effort effectively through workforce resources through the work we do with communities, through the work we do in DC. So I anticipate better, not worse, as we move forward. 
Lance Fritz: Yes. I think the differentiation there is sequential versus year-over-year, and year-over-year is going to continue to see some pressure. Sequential, we've seen as much pressure as we're going to see. 
Lance Fritz: Yes. And Jennifer, we've been crystal clear that we turbocharged our excess cash by using the capacity of our balance sheet. And that capacity now has been largely used, and it's all about growing cash from operations and operating income at this point. 
Lance Fritz: So Jason, talking about what's going on in Congress and at the STB in Congress, the Rail Safety Act, we've been crystal clear about things in there that we think are appropriate. Like there should be additional regulation and laws regarding the preparedness of emergency responders, the information that's at their disposal. We believe the same is true on tank car standards. There's an opportunity to pull forward tank car standard improvements.  And we also think there's room for regulation to step into wayside detection. We've done a ton of things in wayside detection voluntarily. It is not regulated. And if it were to be regulated appropriately, that makes some sense.  There's some things in the Rail Safety Act that don't make sense like coupling train size with safety. On our railroad, mainline and siding derailments are down 25% plus, while train size is up 20% over the last, call it, four years. There's just no correlation in our experience between safety and train size.  And likewise, there's no correlation anywhere in the world between train crew size and safety. That should be left to collective bargaining and what technology enables. So as we look at Congress, that's what we're thinking about. As we look at the STB, as we've said before, we help them understand how the railroad industry works, how our reinvestment works. And when it comes to reciprocal switch or forced open access, we help them understand that, that would have a real negative impact on investment. It would not improve service product, and they should be very, very careful as they think about whether or not that should be implemented and how to implement it. 
Lance Fritz: Yes, Tom, let me start with your essential question about the three legs of the stool. We've forever talked about, we drive margin improvement through productivity, price and the benefit of volume. And to your point, we've leaned heavily on productivity and price historically. And we said we're in a transition where we're going to have to lean more heavily on volume.  But that's not going to be the only leg of that three-legged stool, Tom, when you -- it's still true. While inflation got on us quick, the way our contracts and our business relationships are set, it takes us a while to recoup that inflation through price. Kenny's team has been crystal clear that they own the requirement to do that, and they're following through. But it's going to take a little while.  And on productivity, like we just demonstrated this quarter, we created a new agreement, makes all the sense in the world. It came with a 70 -- roughly $70 million price tag immediately. Implementing it is going to get the payback and will be paid back in about two years. So Tom, the opportunity for productivity, price and volume to still drive margin improvement exists. We're in kind of a unique environment right now regarding timing. And we are, for sure, going to have to rely on volume more heavily going forward. 
Lance Fritz: And Jennifer, I think you had said this, but your total guidance sequentially for the back half labor being flattish includes all that. 
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Jordan, and thank you all for your questions, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your interest and your ownership in Union Pacific, and I hope you have a great rest of your day. Take care. 
Jennifer Hamann: Thank you, Lance. And on behalf of the employees of Union Pacific, let me offer our gratitude and appreciation for your leadership. We wish nothing but the best for you and your family as you embark on the next chapter.  Before we begin Q&A, I'd like to lay out a couple of guidelines for the call. In the interest of time and to accommodate everyone, please limit yourself to one question and one question only. Second, we understand that there's great interest in the leadership changes that were announced this morning, and we look forward to those discussions. However, today's call is to discuss our quarterly results. So please focus your questions on the business of the earnings call.  So with that, Rob, we are ready for your first question. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So I'll maybe let Eric talk about how he feels about crew staffing levels. But just overall, in terms of our head count, we think as you look to the back half of the year, it's probably going to be, I'll call it, flattish or so from where we're at right now. We're continuing to hire and train and make sure that we've got a good robust pipeline so that we're able to serve our customers appropriately. But just from an absolute FTE basis, that's kind of how we see things in the back half. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. I mean, certainly, the one headwind we did size for you is the $0.50 impact, the negative year-over-year impact we expect to see on EPS from fuel in the third and fourth quarters. In terms of moving into 2024, so if you think about that $50 million from the sick leave agreements that I mentioned, most of those agreements were really effective in the second half. We had our non-ops that started a little bit in the first half. So I think you can think about that as being something that will carry over and repeat itself in the first half of 2024.  Beyond that, in terms of the implementation of work rest, we're really reluctant to -- and really, it would be difficult for us to size that more precisely because it is going to depend on the timing of how we roll that out as well as the employee behavior that we see with that. And so that's something that we'll just keep you updated, but I want to make sure you do understand that, that will be a bit of a headwind. But as we get greater clarity of that as we go through our rollout and start that rollout and obviously, we still need to get SMART-TD done as well, we'll be in conversation about that. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes, I can start it. So you raised a good point, Ravi. I mean we do think looking backwards certainly that industrial production has been a better gauge. But you're right, we have great franchise diversity, which we've talked to and Kenny mentioned too. And with the growing intermodal portfolio, there are certainly components of that. But it's really driven by consumer spending, and a lot of that consumer spend on industrial production. So it's hard to really separate from that.  But in terms of what's changed from where we started the year, certainly, coal is something that with natural gas prices falling as it did late January, early February, that certainly took a big chunk of that demand away from us. Now you've heard us talk about the heat and you're seeing that, you're seeing maybe a little bit of inflection in natural gas prices. So we're watching that.  The other piece, though, is on that consumer side. Onboarding a new intermodal customer coming into the year, we expected that to be a big tailwind to our volumes. And just the way that, that consumer spending and consumer goods purchases has dropped, that's just had a really outsized impact. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. And Amit, just to build on what Eric is saying there is, if you look across all of our cost categories, setting depreciation side, we know we have opportunities within all of those to be more efficient. As we continue to improve cycle times, that has a very direct flow-through in terms of our car hire expenses on the purchased services and materials side.  Eric mentioned the locomotives, but there's other opportunities we have in there to work on our cost. And even comp and benefits with some of the headwinds that we know we have, there's opportunities to be more productive and use that crew base more efficiently.  And to your point, volume can certainly be a friend when it comes to the cost structure. But I think the fact that you've seen us make some progress as volumes are going down, and you saw us build train length even as volumes came down and in particular, intermodal volume, those are the things that we're going to keep working on here -- well, always, but certainly in the back half of the year to continue to drive better efficiency and get better alignment between the resources and the cost structure and the volumes that we're moving. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So I'll start off, Ken. So when we did our 8-K in June, we took the operating ratio improvement off the table for the year, and that hasn't changed. Certainly, you heard us talk about some of the headwinds that we have. So we are not -- with the addition of the labor expenses, volumes moving away from us and then obviously, some fuel headwinds relative to OR in the back half of the year, we don't expect year-over-year improvement.  Our task, and I kind of touched on this a little bit with the question from Amit, is to get better from where we sit today. And I'm not going to forecast what our OR is going to be in the back half of the year, but we're going to work really hard to improve each and every day. And that's both in terms of being more productive with that cost structure as well as going out and selling in the marketplace and doing all we can to drive profitability on that side.  I don't know, Eric, you want to... 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So going back to -- you're really asking a sequential question. And again, I -- we had a 63% reported OR. If you're stripping out the brake person agreement, that was 1.1 points in the quarter. If you look at what we have done historically as a company, you tend to see some of your better margins in the third quarter, tends to go up a little bit then in the fourth quarter when you're just thinking about kind of that normal seasonality.  We are going to work to make sequential improvement. I'm not telling you that we're making sequential improvement, but that is the task that has to be ahead of us. We have to work to improve the cost structure. And we've already made some progress. I think you certainly saw that. I know it's a little bit of a messy quarter with all that was going on in it. But when you strip some of the noise out, there was -- particularly when you're comparing first quarter to second quarter, we did make gains, not year-over-year but sequentially, we did make some gains there. So I think that's the way to think about it into the back half of this year. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So Walter, we did mention that in my prepared remarks that, that was a bit of a headwind. And you've heard us talk before that we do have a portion of our coal contracts that have some mechanisms that link that pricing to natural gas pricing. And with what's happened with natural gas pricing, that certainly is flowing through in terms of some of the rates. We did that similar to intermodal in terms of keeping competitiveness for those players that are dispatching into the grid, keeping them competitive. And we're continuing to ship coal. Still profitable for us, but there is some pricing differentials there.  So it really depends on how you see the rest of the year playing out in terms of how that's going to look. But if you just compare last year's nat gas prices to where we're at this year, that tells you there's going to be some ongoing pressure there. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So I would go back to second and third quarter of 2020 when the pandemic hit and there was such a drop in volumes. We paused our share repurchases then for at least a couple -- I'm pretty sure for the full second quarter, part of the third quarter, I think, is when we restarted that. So we manage the share repurchase piece with our excess cash. And that's always been the flexible part of our shareholder return, and that's how we're managing it today. 
Jennifer Hamann: Exactly, Lance. And obviously, with some of the earnings pressures we're facing this year, that's not giving us that incremental capacity we've seen. 
Jennifer Hamann: Yes. So I'll actually jump in on that one. So it is -- when you think about the 400 to 600 incremental that we talked about from the labor agreements, that's incremental from what we would have otherwise been staffing at a given volume level. So that is completely consistent with and taken into account with when we also say, as we look at head count levels now to the end of the year, we think not a whole lot of change. So... 
Jennifer Hamann: And it's for all agreements, which, again, we're going to be implementing over not just the back half of this year but well into 2024. 
Jennifer Hamann: Again, it does depend on what the behavior is. But there will be some amount, maybe 0.25 to 0.50. That's probably not a bad estimate. Sick leave, obviously, that part we have fully done now. So any heads that we think that we need to add for that, that's done.  Obviously, we get offsets this year too with the brake person agreement. So there's a bit of a netting effect. And then it really is pace and timing of the BLET work rest, getting SMART-TD. And of course, we will -- because it's really the training piece of it, right? So we're going to need to -- for BLET, we need to put more engineers in the training pipeline. And with that, you need to continue to hire some conductors. So there will be some portion, 50% might be at the max side, I would say, but probably somewhere in there is a safe bet. 
Kenny Rocker: Allison, you look at it, I'll let you know, we're really staring down at consumer spending. And it's been flat last few months, maybe several months. But it's differentiated as you look at goods versus services, we're clearly seeing, and I talked about it in my opening remarks, less on the goods and more on the services.  The other thing that we're looking is just what's happening with demand, and we're looking at that in terms of some of the contract rates would better flatten out in the spot rates that have inched up a little bit. The fact that we have a really strong intermodal service product is a benefit for us. We're encouraged as a company, I'm encouraged as the commercial leader that even though the imports have been down 23% year-to-date, we're only down a couple of percentage points.  And talking to our customers, we also believe that they will be shifting a little bit more back to the West Coast port. That's going to be a gradual shift. That will be a little bit more throughout 2023 and probably into 2024. But clearly, we're positioned here for the upside. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Jon, the commercial team has done an excellent job articulating the need for some of the inflationary pressures even if you want to call it the labor priors that are there and really inserting our service product along with those discussions.  Now candidly, in a very pragmatic way, our customers empathize with that. They are taking the same price increases in their markets. So they understand what we need to accomplish. There's a tremendous amount of resources that were committed to on the CapEx side, which will help out with a consistent and reliable service. So we feel very good. There's full confidence and price and above inflation in making sure we cover those costs. 
Kenny Rocker: All I'll say is that we're looking at consumer spending by the week. And I feel very encouraged that we have onboarded over the last couple of years a couple of transformative customers on to our domestic intermodal network. And so as we see that movement move up, we're in a great position. And so that's encouraging for us as a company. 
Kenny Rocker: So yes, a couple of things here. Let's just take hold for first up. Yes. And you've heard us talk about this. We do have a couple of mechanisms that are in place that allow us and our customers to be competitive with natural gas prices. One of the things that we have seen out there is the fact that there has been a little slight uptick in terms of demand based on the extreme heat that we've seen. We've seen that also impact again in the near term natural gas prices out there. So we're seeing more demand out there.  We're working closely with Eric and his team as we speak to add more sets and add more inventory into the network. And we're looking at the 4 curves that you just see, how long that will last. So we're always looking at that, and we're looking at that by the week.  Switching to domestic intermodal on the pricing side. we like the fact that we have our customers that are competitive in the marketplace and that we're competitive against truck. Some of those mechanisms will go up, I think, tightened in a Loup market like where we are now, it might move down a little bit. But the key is to make sure that we can capture the volume against truck and make sure that we're competitive. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes, Fadi, thanks for the question. Let's just walk through -- if you look at our outlook slide, and I'll supplement that with a few more specifics on our biodiesel, the renewable diesel market, we've got seven different facilities on us. We're going to land another facility here by the end of the year. We're very encouraged by that. That's a key part of our growth strategy. And we mentioned that a couple of years ago, during Investor Day, very proud of our commercial team for securing that.  Construction, our rock business, for example, those are areas where Eric's team is just delivering great service, and it's showing up in terms of carloads. We're adding a few more sets there. We're seeing more carloads that are coming on because of that, and some of that is market-related. There's just more infrastructure that's out there.  If you talk about the service product, we look at auto parts coming out of Mexico. We've seen a pretty fast and upcoming grower -- growing EV producer that we're growing with on the auto parts side that we're excited about. We've secured a new automotive OEM on our line back in the spring that has brought business to us. That same OEM will be bringing on business in the first quarter. So we're pretty excited there.  And then kind of last but not least, I'll just say that overall, the team has been engaged on bringing new business in different ways. We have a new industrial park that's going to be landing on us in the Buckeye, Arizona area. So that's great. And we've got a customer that will be doing reusable plastics, so just you think about the ESG connection. So we can create our own business development with the service that I mentioned with Eric, and we're excited about it. 
Kenny Rocker: It's up around 20% to 25%. So the team is just doing a fabulous job going out there and expanding the market better. 
Kenny Rocker: Okay. Well, you're going to get me riled up today. So first of all, we talked about a couple of transformative wins that we feel good about. I'll tell you, as a management team, bringing on Inland Empire, which is a new product, bringing on a new Port Houston service product that Eric has given us with 5 new lanes, bringing on Twin Cities. Absolutely, we feel good about domestic intermodal. At some point, you need demand to be there. What you're hearing me say is that we're prepared as that demand comes on. And we're adding new products, we're adding new services, we're adding new customers. We're excited. 
Kenny Rocker: So let me back up and just say there's been a lot of debate out there, Lance, in the marketplace. And we feel very good about the service products that we have with Falcon Premium. On a broader sense, there are other Class 1s associated with that. So it's not just one Class 1. It's the other Class 1s that we're interacting with too that we feel good about.  We've got a shorter route structure. We've got a better schedule. We've got the relationship with the customers. Eric and his team are continuously improving that service product. So we're encouraged how that looks in the future. 
Kenny Rocker: So Scott, I'd tell you, we look at the weekly crop report and, call it five, maybe six weeks ago, wasn't looking great. And since then, we've had rain in areas that we serve and participate in. So it's looking much better.  You heard in my comments that we think there is an opportunity for incremental grain in the fourth quarter. And so we're steering that down and working with Eric's team to make sure we can capture it. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. Just a short answer. No, we're not expecting increased pricing pressures on that intermodal side of the house. 
Kenny Rocker: I think you're asking, have we seen any success stories? And yes, we've had some early wins. Of course, the focus is over the road. I mean that's the size of the prize. Rail is a very small part of that traffic that's moving out of Mexico or into Mexico. As I also said, as we continue to improve the speed and consistency there, we expect to make more inroads. 
Kenny Rocker: Yes. I mean we're getting more reception from customers that are open to opening their books and giving us a shot, for sure. 
Eric Gehringer: Yes. And just picking up from there, Chris. Clearly, what you've seen in our performance is that we have reduced the amount of hiring that we've been doing now. We stay very connected with Kenny as in his outlook, both for the fourth quarter as well as 2024, and we're going to continue to adjust as we have to what that demand is.  It's the same way I view the locomotive work that was accomplished during the quarter. And the team stored 200 locomotives. And if you actually look for now and this month, we're actually above 200. We're treating it the exact same way. So the demand that's out there, find your resource base accordingly. 
Eric Gehringer: Yes. Thank you for the question. Let's back up in time, as we came into the year when we think about our first quarter earnings report, we were talking about borrow-outs. In the context of while we were making great progress in our hiring, we still have pockets of the system, specifically about 7 locations, where we were utilizing borrow-outs because of the difficulty to hire.  Now in any given year, there's some level of borrow-outs used even in just dealing with seasonality, for example, the grain harvest that comes in the fall. If you look at the quarter, what we've reported is that we've taken our borrow-out count down by 50%, approximately. Now that is a process that continues. As we look for volume to continue to grow, we have those as options. But as we're looking every week, to your point, to control our cost, those are ones that we adjust literally on a weekly basis.  There may be a place as we fast-forward three months, four months, six months, where you may use them and very small numbers. But our goal is to reduce our borrow-outs as quickly as we possibly can.  As far as the nonfuel cost, it follows the same recipe that we've shared before, One, we just finished talking about it, which is how we think about our labor costs and ensuring that we're being conscious of that. Two, you go to your next expensive cost or, at least outside of fuel, is you're going to look at your locomotive fleet. The reduction that we've made in the quarter is a strong move in the right direction. The reduction we've been made in July is another strong move on top of that, and we look forward to reporting to that in future quarters. So all eyes on we want to grow the business, and we need to be volume-variable until we see more of that growth coming. 
Eric Gehringer: Yes. And on the agreement side, so if we start with sick days, the opportunity that Lance mentioned obviously reinforce as we see the opportunity to improve the attractiveness of our jobs. And as a result of that, that can have a positive impact on how we do our hiring.  If you go to the brake person deal, clearly, the biggest opportunity there is to reduce brake person labor in line with where the jobs are no longer needed and also allows us to partially offset some of our hiring in the short term. And of course, we get the benefit of establishing a ground-based enhanced utility position.  And as Jennifer pointed out, the payback period on that is approximately two years. And if you look right now, we're about 60% of the way through that implementation. And then certainly on the 11 and 4 scheduled work, it really boils down to improved availability, as Lance pointed out, and more efficiently managing our staff levels with more latitude on how we do that under this new agreement. 
Eric Gehringer: I think we also pointed out in our commentary that, that number is going to be highly impacted by the behavior that comes from these agreements. And we're not ready today to say exactly what that will look like. We'll continue to look to it, though. 
Eric Gehringer: Yes. The offsets really haven't changed from the ones that I answered a few moments ago. They really focused on the availability on the 11 and 4 and they focus on the brake person about actually removing brake persons off of positions that are no longer needed. 
Eric Gehringer: Yes. Thank you for the question, Jordan. So when you -- we've been very consistent. And when you think about the intermodal TPC, you're talking about a number that starts with an 8. And when you're thinking about manifest and autos, it starts with the 7. Now that's highly informed and continues to be evolving. We went through a very large engagement with our customer base through Kenny's team towards the back end of last year that is informed this year and how we think about that, more specifically to segments within those customers.  Now that work continues because -- and as we've reinforced before, we know that our customers are sensitive, in fact, very sensitive to our service. That's why we're encouraged by the progress we made. And in no way are we saying that our service is where it needs to be now. It was a great step in the right direction. We've got more work to do. 
