John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Lance Fritz, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we're pleased to report that Union Pacific achieved second quarter earnings of $1.43 per share, an increase of 21% compared to the second quarter of 2013 and another quarterly record. Total volumes were up 8%, and the increases were nearly across-the-board. We saw growth in 5 of our 6 business groups, with particular strength in Agricultural Products, Intermodal and Industrial Product shipments. We were pleased to see strong volume growth, which, combined with solid core pricing, drove more than 2-point improvement in our operating ratio to a record 63.5% for the quarter. On the operating side, Mother Nature did finally release her winter grip, but we experienced numerous washouts, flooding and mudslides, which caused disruptions to our network during the quarter. In this environment, increasing velocity and fluidity has been a challenge, but we continue to be focused on safely improving network efficiency and service for our customers. So with that, let's get started. I'll turn it over to Eric.
John J. Koraleski: Okay. Thanks, Rob. As we move into the second half of the year, our network velocity and fluidity are improving, which will better position us to serve the strong demand we're currently seeing in the marketplace. With our increased capital budget of $4.1 billion, we are committed to invest in the resources necessary to run a safe, efficient, reliable railroad, which supports our value proposition for our customers, and we're optimistic about the second half of the year. As always, we are closely monitoring the economic landscape, along with the major drivers across all of our business segments, including the potential impact that weather could have on grain and coal. As the economy gradually continues to improve, the power of our diverse franchise is providing business growth opportunities in all of our commodity groups. The men and women of Union Pacific are committed to safely improving our network performance, allowing us to provide customers with the excellent service they deserve while rewarding our shareholders with increasing returns. So with that, we're going to open up the line for your questions.
John J. Koraleski: Scott, I think you're seeing some of both. I think there are some places where we've been able to pick up some share. And of course, the opportunity for us is to demonstrate to customers the power of our franchise, the ability to provide safe, reliable, consistent service day in and day out. And we're hopeful that, that has some stickiness to it and that, that business will hang with us even as the BNSF recovers. There are some other business where -- basically, our franchise isn't quite as strong as theirs to the end market location. And in all likelihood, as the BNSF service returns, and they're able to take the business back, it's going to shift back to them. So I think you see some of both.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. In fact, Scott, if you looked at those numbers, in May, it was like 19 days below, and in June it's dropped to 16. So there has been some improvement in the inventory levels, but there's still a lot of opportunity for us as we see the second half of the year.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, Ken, this is Jack. In fact, right now, we're moving some of the strongest volume we've seen all year, and yet, our operating statistics in performance is improving. So we feel really good about that.
John J. Koraleski: Allison, that's way too specific. We're not going to go down that line. We are going to continue, as we said, to price to the market and to have reinvestability as our threshold, and we've got it headed in the right direction.
John J. Koraleski: Chris, I'm kind of there with you. There was really not anything in there that was totally a surprise to us. We have been actively involved with the Department of Transportation, the AAR and others in helping to do everything we can to make what is already a safe product safer. And so some of the ideas that are in that NPRM have already been implemented and some that are still there that we still need to work with. And so we want to be a voice at the table. The 2-year time frame -- the time frame really just revolves around what is the capacity in the industry to rebuild and to build new tank cars, and 2 years does feel a little tight. And if we go too far down that path, and then that's -- some product isn't going to be able to move, which is not the right solution. But so far, I have to say that I think we've got a good track record of having thoughtful approaches to this, and we're looking forward to sitting down again and filing our comments, sitting down with Secretary Fox and others to work through what is the right solution here.
John J. Koraleski: John, I think overall, we're really expecting that the investment in the chemical industry really starts to hit our network sometime in the 2016 kind of -- 2016, '17 kind of zone. That's when we see the bulk of it. And certainly, the investments we're making today are anticipating some of that as we see not only because of the oil business and things like that, but also everything else that's happening in our southern region. Lance, do you want to...
John J. Koraleski: And we have a very important project going on right now. It's one of the biggest congestion points on our railroad called Tower 55. We're about halfway through that project. We'll have it done by probably the 1st of September or around that point. But getting that bottleneck out of our network before this business starts to come on stream is an important step forward to us as we look ahead.
John J. Koraleski: We're also hopeful, Cleo, that our investment in the Santa Teresa facility will draw truck traffic that's moving today from Mexico into the U.S. to our Intermodal facility in Santa Teresa, and then we can move it east or west from that point. So we're pretty excited about that market opportunity as well.
John J. Koraleski: I think our performance for the first half of the year has been quite good, given what we had to face in terms of the weather conditions and the congestion it caused nationwide on the rail industry. I think one of the things that you've seen, and I think one of the earlier questions about how did we get to the 63 operating ratio here in the second quarter, is because over the years, we have really shifted our approach. We have become much less reactionary and much more anticipatory. And so as we see things starting to develop on the horizon, we immediately start a planning phase that says, "We're going to mobilize materials. We're going to mobilize people where they need to be. We're going to be doing some alternative scenario planning as the way to minimize disruption to our network and to our customer service levels." And I think that shift to anticipating is really what's been kind of the key behind some of our performance, certainly in the first half of the year. And so we're -- we learn something from every event. We learn something from every thing that happens on our railroad, and our goal is to take that and work it into our planning structure so we become even more effective and better going forward.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. I would -- so I'm going to start, Cherilyn, and just say -- I think if you look at Chicago, I don't know that I would necessarily describe it as fragility. I think Chicago got hammered with a snow storm about every 2 weeks and frigid cold temperatures, so it never melted, it just kept building up and building up. I think that was a key problem there. We have worked with all of our interline partners in terms of not only their fluidity but also our fluidity. We're all in this together, and so we have done a lot of redirecting out of Chicago into the St. Louis area or down to Memphis in working with our interchange partners for the mutual benefit of both of our railroads as we work through those issues. Lance, why don't you...
John J. Koraleski: It's pretty difficult to do that, Benjamin, if you think about it, because it depends on where the business comes, what kind of business it is and all that. What we can tell you is at this point in time, as we look ahead, even at the volume levels we have, we're still open for business, we still have capacity, and we're looking forward to additional growth.
John J. Koraleski: Well, great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to speaking with you again in October. Take care.
Eric L. Butler: As we've said in the past, Bill, we expect strong pricing opportunities as we see continued strength in demand reprice for reinvestability and reprice to the marketplace. We have mentioned in the past that we do have part of our escalators that are based on A-lift, which is still modest, but we've continued to see pricing opportunities as the demand strength [ph] continues.
Eric L. Butler: You know what, we're not seeing a wall at this point in time. Rob has said many times, Bill, that when we reached our guidance of sub-65, we'll move on from there and continue. We're -- every time we look at productivity, core pricing, the opportunity is to grow our business, the reinvestment that we're making in our infrastructure to support that growth at profitable levels. We are enthusiastic about our ability to do better on operating ratio.
Eric L. Butler: So we -- I've said BN is a strong competitor. They're a capable competitor. I have said they will get their network back, and we are taking them at their word. We're in a competitive marketplace, and we continue to see them being an effective competitor in the future. We -- as always, we look for -- we focus on business development, and we look for opportunities that we could price effectively. It works well with our network, and we're focused on that, and we're focused on that for the long term.
Eric L. Butler: As you said, we are seeing strong coal demand. And I think as Lance and Rob both said in their prepared remarks, we did have network fluidity challenges. Weather and natural gas pricing will determine the demand in the future. But at this point, we've seen pretty good upside demand from our current run rate of coal volumes.
Eric L. Butler: I think we've said in the past that a portion of our business in the -- about 30% of our business is really repriceable at any one period of time. And I think pretty much across the board, with strong demand, we're seeing the opportunities for price improvement.
Eric L. Butler: Ken, as we said, our international Intermodal was up about 12% in the second quarter. I would say, going into this year, we probably would have expected a 3%, 4%, 5% improvement in second quarter, and we clearly were above that. And so we think that most of the increase beyond that was not necessarily organically marked for a business driven but related to the free shipping. And so we think that it will not probably impact the volumes in the third quarter.
Eric L. Butler: Walter, I'm not sure. Hopefully, we have not given an indication that our pricing strategy is to price in line with inflation. Our pricing strategy is to price to the market at reinvestable levels, which basically means to make sure all of our business is generating an effective return on investment. So that's the strategy that we've had for a number of years. We think it's the right strategy. We think it's helping to drive the financial results we're producing, and we're committed to that strategy.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. We do see the trucking market tightening, the CSA drivers are tightening. The trucking market is an effective competitor for a wide swath of our business, not just Intermodal business. And certainly, as their costs go up, that gives us opportunity to see more demand for our network, and we're seeing that, and we have been seeing that, and we're going to continue to price to the market based on that.
Eric L. Butler: We're excited, Brandon, about our new Intermodal products and services, and Santa Teresa has facilitated us being able to put some new products and services in the marketplace, and we're going to look to grow that even more in the future. So we view that as upside and excitement for us. Our Mexico franchise, as we said in the past, we have the premier Mexico franchise with 6 border crossings, and we're continuing to focus and invest in strengthening our Mexico franchise with all of our Mexican rail partners. So that's going to be an area of focus for us in the future. As you suggest, auto manufacturing in Mexico is growing historically. They've been, call it, 1.5 million to 2.5 million vehicles a year. They are projecting over the next 3, 4, 5 years a growth of 4 million cars a year production in Mexico with all of the new plants. As anything, really what's going to drive the level of our auto business in the future is sales because wherever the car is produced, hopefully, we'll have a chance to move it, given the strength of our franchise. So growing the absolute number will really still depend on what's happening with automotive sales.
Eric L. Butler: So Jason, the latest reports from the Department of Ag says that the corn crop is as good as it's been in the last 20 years. There's still weakness in the wheat crop, but if you're talking about the corn crop, we're expecting and, I think, the Ag -- Department of Agriculture estimates suggests that we're looking at perhaps another record corn crop year, which, again, will say that the transportation network will see strong demand for moving that. We feel pretty good about where we are with that. We have ramped up to handle the incremental demand from last year's record corn crop, and we are in a position to maintain that level if the crop comes in that strong. So we feel pretty good about how we're positioned to handle that potential demand.
Eric L. Butler: Jason, so again, I hate to sound like a broken record, but we're continuing to look at a pricing environment that we think is strong, and we're going to price to the market in showing that business is reinvestable, and that's our focus. That will continue to be our focus.
Eric L. Butler: Mix was a little bit of a headwind in the second quarter, really, for some of the new products and services that we put in place. We're shorter haul than some of our traditional long-haul international Intermodal business and domestic Intermodal business. But it was just phenomenal in the second quarter.
Eric L. Butler: I think we are seeing some of those pressures, nothing that's beyond our ability to manage through on a tactical basis. We do have some major initiatives underway to really address making our first-mile, last-mile process a lot more effective. And one of the good things about the challenges that you see kind of in the dray network with the driver shortage is that it really emphasizes to go rail as long as you can and as far as you can on the rail network. So we do think we're going to see some upside from that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So we have hardly none of our Intermodal business today that we do outside of IMCs. IMCs are our strategy, our market channel strategy to go to market. We do have an internal IMC that is focused on the auto parts business subsidiary, UPDS. But other than that, we -- our market channel strategy today is to work with IMCs.
Eric L. Butler: We're seeing pretty good growth across the breadth of the Intermodal market, whether you're talking about motor carriers or brokers. I think the western part of the U.S., if you want to consider it West of the Mississippi, probably has as much or more opportunity as the Eastern part because we have longer hauls, which should make it easier for -- to make the conversion from truck to rail. So I think we're seeing strength pretty much across the breadth of our Intermodal customers.
Eric L. Butler: We -- Cleo, we're seeing pretty good demand, and the -- our first look at the 2015 forecast is pretty good demand across our book of business. And so I don't think there's any one place that would stick out beyond any other places.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So a part of it is replacement. As we discussed, our business is growing. And actually, as we look into the future, and we don't talk about this in specificity, but there's a bunch of containers that are aging out, and so we're trying to do some level-set planning and management strategically. But you can think of it as part replacement, part growth, part future level-set planning.
Eric L. Butler: So the pricing that we're reporting in our Intermodal business, we are increasing our prices in our Intermodal business on -- whether they're rail-owned containers or private-owned containers, the pricing -- because the demand is going up, pricing is going up.
Robert M. Knight: Scott, if I could just jump in, this is Rob. What I would look to is the inventory levels are still below where the utilities would like them to be, I mean, if you look at it on a 5-year average. So as we are in the throes of the winter -- or excuse me, the summer air-conditioning burn season, with low inventories, we think that gives us increasing opportunities.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. That's exactly right. It's not an exact number, but what we're basically saying is fairly high hiring numbers, fairly high attrition rate, and the net number will ultimately be driven by what the volume ends up being because we still squeeze out and expect to squeeze out productivity. But it's a high-class problem for us as volume grows for us to continue to increase our hiring levels.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Great question. I mean, we're obviously not going to give that guidance other than we do see, as Eric walked through, a lot of optimistic opportunities for us. So without giving a specific number, we hope the economy continues to cooperate, not only for the balance of this year, but as we head into 2015.
Robert M. Knight: Well, Allison, as you know, we don't give guidance on that. But we're -- the entire team is focused on, in fact, making improvements everywhere we can. I mean, if the economy cooperates, that's a great opportunity for us to move. Bill's very strong volumes gives Eric a chance to price it right. Lance has talked about the improvements that we're progressing and, in fact, seeing in our operating efficiency, which should help us on the cost side. So we're focused on doing that. I'm not going to give guidance on that number, but we're focused on improving our margins.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, and as you know, we don't give guidance as to what we're actually going to buy. But I would say there was nothing unusual in the second quarter other than we continue, a, starts with generating strong cash in the front end, which is our entire team's focus, that gives us then the opportunity to reward shareholders, and we will continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchase program as we were in the second quarter. So I can't give you a precise number, but we felt pretty good about what we were able to do in the second quarter under that philosophy, while at the same time, reinvesting in the business with a strong capital program and with an increased dividend payment that you saw year-over-year.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Jeff. I mean, as you know, we are -- we and most companies in Corporate America are holding more cash today than maybe historical numbers would have suggested. But I wouldn't get too hung up on quarter end cash balances from one quarter to the next because there's all kinds of timing issues, which really was the big explainer of some of the changes that we saw in our second quarter, whether it's tax payments, timing of tax payments year-over-year, that's all factored, that timing that we choose to do. So again, our focus -- the way I would answer that is our focus -- as I said earlier, the entire team is focused on generating quality cash from operations so that we continue to have the opportunity to reinvest in the business, continue to move our dividend up and continue to be opportunistic with share buybacks, which, I think, we, in fact, have walked our talk in terms of what we've done over the last several years.
Robert M. Knight: No. I wouldn't look at that. I mean, it's not a hard number on the cash. Again, as you know, we're focused on improving, which we did in the second quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio. We have said we want to get to that low-40s number, and we've got a little bit room or opportunity to continue to progress in that direction. I would look more at that number.
Robert M. Knight: Jason, this is Rob. I mean, we're not going to give a specific pricing guidance other than the tenets of our strategy remain in a strong force, and that is the price-to-market at a minimum reinvestable levels above inflation. And clearly, a strong environment, a strong demand environment is better than a weak demand environment. So we will look to move numbers and price appropriately everywhere across the business, whether it's Intermodal or Other.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. John, I mean, I'm not giving the specific number, and it's hard to exactly split the hairs between was it -- or was it the weather, was it adding process as result of some of the challenges that Lance talked about. It was kind of all of the above, and they were -- without giving a precise number, they were somewhat meaningful, if you will. I mean, look at our labor line, you look at some of the purchased services, you look at some of the other cost items, they were in there. So your point is well-taken that had we not incurred those costs, things could have been slightly better, and I think you're focused on the right thing that we did a good job of improving our margins in spite of some of those challenges. And some of those challenges clearly were brought on by a very strong ramp-up in volumes so that helped, of course, contribute towards the positive volume and margin improvement. So again, without breaking out the numbers, we think that does give us an opportunity. If the economy stays strong and demand stays as strong as it is, for us to make the improvements that Lance talked about, for us to continue to improve our returns in our margins.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, John. I mean, given the labor agreements, no, there really isn't a meaningful -- we incur, when we hire somebody, some training and hiring costs, but in terms of the ongoing wage, there's no real difference.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, it's an ongoing, I mean, where it makes economic sense for us to take advantage of some of the markets and long-term deals. So I wouldn't read anything into that. There's no shift in strategy. It's just we're sort of opportunistic we're able to take advantage of that in the second quarter.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. I mean, just to remind you what we've said in terms of our total capital spend for positive train control is going to be in the neighborhood of $2 billion-ish total. We're spending, to your point, planning to spend about $450 million this year, which is the high watermark thus far on our spend. We -- the deadline, we'll see what the date actually ends up being. But if it's -- if the deadline gets moved back, our expectation is to spend -- on the capital side, we'll still be in that $2 billion neighborhood. We don't want it to shift the deadline and result in higher spending, so we're very focused on that. To your point in terms of what might shift, we've said before -- you perhaps had heard me say before that will be an ongoing expense in our OE [ph], and that shows up most notably in depreciation, which, in fact, we're starting to see that in our numbers this year. So as we start to depreciate those new PTC assets, you will see an increase in our depreciation expense related to that. And again, we are seeing some of that this year.
Robert M. Knight: I would just say it is all return based. I mean, I wouldn't -- don't have a clean answer to that other than we didn't back off on spending other worthwhile projects on our network where the returns were there, and we were confident. So it's not as if it was a simple trade-off there. We'll always look at -- as we look at capital spending, we'll always look at our business case and the expected returns that we will expect to generate out of those capital investments. And that's all included in the guidance that we've given out in the 16% to 17% of revenue as we look forward. That's not how we build our capital budget, but that's kind of a guiding light of how we expect to size up our capital spending as we look forward.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. So Ken, we feel confident that our network can handle that kind of volumes that look like they're coming our way as we proceed through the second half. Our capital plan is targeted at specific bottlenecks and constraints. It's coming to fruition as we would like it to. And so going forward, we feel pretty good about being able to handle the volumes that we're seeing.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. So Brandon, we love to get the leverage through service improvements. Service improvements are our favorite way of kind of leveraging growth. If you look back at the second quarter, we leveraged the growth, but we were behind the eight-ball when it came to our service product. As we look forward, the addition of resources, like labor, are going to help us improve our service product, and we still expect to get leverage productivity off the volume as we add that labor.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. I would remind you that the beauty of the investments that we're putting down in the southern region is that they can be broadly utilized for different commodity groups. You point out, one, the Chemicals franchise, we're/using them right now for our strong grain shipments down to the Gulf, and we can use them for many, many frac sand. It's beautiful to leverage that capital that way.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So we are receiving locomotives in the second half of the year. It's a good portion of that 229. And if you look out into 2015, we have not solidified our plans yet, but we could very well be in the market in 2015.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, sure. So new locomotives are actually a benefit to sea rate. But there's just -- I don't think there's going to be enough new locomotives coming online in the second half to measurably show up in sea rate. I will tell you that I'm pretty proud that we got some sea rate reduction, which is improvement in the first half, given the fact that our network was a bit sluggish, and we pulled out a fair number of stored locomotives that are not our most fuel-efficient locomotives. So that just demonstrates that our activity on sea rate is getting traction, and I expect that to continue.
Lance M. Fritz: And Eric, if you look at it from a network perspective, Cleo, we are investing in the areas where we anticipate we are going to be tight, and we've talked openly about investing in the southern region and also in the north/south corridors.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. So you would ask how much of our business? It's a fair portion, call it, 1/4 of our business ultimately moves through, into, out of Chicago. And when you think about our activity in Chicago, CREATE has really done a very good job of improving the Chicago gateway with interline partners. The gateway, since the start of CREATE, has improved by about 1/3 in terms of the amount of time it takes a car to traverse. And Jack mentioned it as well. We've got ongoing investments in Chicago, one of which is going to be in connection with Metro where we add a third mainline to our critical east-west route in and out of Chicago. So I'm very optimistic, both in the level of activity engagement we have with our interline partners and in the progress that we've seen. This winter was exceptional. It was an exceptional winter, and it had exceptional impacts on the railroad. And even so, volumes still continued to move through the gateway.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes. We did not provide a time frame, but what we did say is we're positioned to improve, and we expect to improve.
