Lance Fritz: Good morning, everybody. And welcome to the Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha, are Beth Whited, our Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, our Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of $7.3 billion for the fourth quarter of 2017 or $9.25 per share. These reported numbers include the previously disclosed adjustments reflecting the impact of corporate tax reform which Rob will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Excluding these adjustments 2017 fourth quarter net income was $1.2 billion or $1.53 per share. This represents an increase of 5% and 10% respectively when compared to 2016. Total volume increased 1% in the quarter compared to 2016 driven primarily by 17% increase in industrial products and a 5% increase in chemicals. Partially offsetting these volume increases were declines in agricultural products, automotive and coal. Intermodal carloads were flat for the quarter. Overall force levels decreased in the fourth quarter both sequentially and year-over-year as we continue to make meaningful progress on our productivity initiatives. The quarterly adjusted operating ratio came in at 62.6% which was up 0.6 points from the fourth quarter of 2016. This increase was driven by an increase in fuel price. I'm pleased with the results the men and women of Union Pacific achieved by focusing on our six-track value strategy. While we have room for improvement in many areas that does not include the dedication and hard work of our employees as they build America. Our team will give you more of the details on the fourth quarter, starting with Beth.
Lance Fritz: Thank you Rob. As we discussed today we delivered solid fourth quarter and full year results setting the table for 2018. We're optimistic the economy will favor a number of our market segments leading to another year of positive volume growth. Increased unit volume combined with inflation plus core pricing and G55 and zero productivity initiatives should result in another year of revenue growth and improved margins. We'll continue to execute our value track strategy to benefit our employees, partner with the communities we serve, provide our customers with an excellent experience and generate strong returns for our shareholders. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Ken, this is Lance just two other observations. One is that training pipeline is going to have to be filled just for attrition purposes. We have what mid to high single-digit percent attrition out of TE&Y workforce every year, so that's going to have to be filled for that purpose. As we look forward into next year in growth. The second thing is, growth is another levers that we focus on in making sure that we're able to drive long-term margin improvement and we're very pleased that we got margin improvement this year.
Lance Fritz: Yes, absolutely so let's start from the top. Ken, right we use yards whether it's flat switching yards or hump yards to categorize cars in our manifest network and you know we have a very robust large manifest network. When we determined how we want to get that switching done it's all about how many cars can we aggregate and how deep into the network or somebody else's network we can send them that informs for us. The number of large network yards which are hump yards for us that's all driven by car count versus smaller, regional or local yards which are flat switching yards. The reason why we're building a new hump yard in the middle of Texas is that as we look forward both from the volume that's coming out of the petrochemical complexes along the Gulf Coast. Texas itself and overall manifest growth down in that part of our network. We see that our existing infrastructure is going to be overwhelmed at some point in the future. We're doing everything we can to incrementally improve productivity in those areas. You saw Cameron this morning talk about incremental productivity and car switch for employee. We also look for incremental capital that can be spent in existing network yards, but once that string runs out, we have built new capacity. When you think about this specific yard, Brazos. It will be the most productive yard on our network. It will be the lowest cost per car switched and the most efficient. And what we will do is, we'll utilize it again for a lot of that two and from business that's down in the Southeast part of our network and we're pretty confident I would scratch that, very confident that now is the right time to build it and it's the right asset to build.
Lance Fritz: David this is Lance. The lower tax rate and increased cash flow resulting from it does not change the calculus that we used for the returns that are attractive to our shareholders and for reinvesting in the railroad. So I think the short answer is, just because we have increased cash, it doesn't increase the pool of either projects or markets that are effective to us.
Lance Fritz: Well so those routing decisions right now as we compete for that business right now is all about the service product, the ultimate cost to the end user and which way they want to go, what's most attractive to them. So we compete aggressively for that today. We'll compete aggressively for it tomorrow. In the context of making sure we generate an attractive return outlook.
Lance Fritz: Let me start with that and then I'll let both Rob and maybe Cam add technicolors [ph] appropriate. So Fadi, the game plan really doesn't change as we look forward. The levers continue to be productivity and we've talked about the amount of productivity we think we can get in 2018 and we're just laser focused on delivering that and then moving into 2019 for the same. We see market opportunity for growth and growth is always our friend in terms of leverage and dropping it to the bottom line and then price of course. The thing that gotten away a little bit for even better results from 2017 is that in the second half of the year, the fluidity of the network eroded to a certain degree in some part that's Positive Train Control and the impact of implementing it aggressively across the network you heard those stats. Part of it candidly was just execution in a certain spots around the network that we have all hands on and attention and I'm confident given that we've got the resources and the capacity that will remedy that. So my expectation is 2019, 60 plus or minus operating ratio is still eminently achievable and we have enough in front of us in activity and projects to make it happen.
Lance Fritz: Hi, Chris I'll let Rob speak to the details of the fourth quarter financials. But just at a high level. I think we would have been generating a better operating ratio and overall results with a more fluid network. Again there is a number of reasons for that, that Rob outlined that we've talked about this morning and there is no reason to think that that is systemic is anyway. That's a completely resolvable issue.
Lance Fritz: No, so listen to what Beth was just saying, at a moment in time a third is available through tariffs overtime the other two-thirds a portion of that, maybe a fair portion of that is in short-term contract. So as they expire they become available for pricing.
Lance Fritz: Bascome, I don't know we'll give you exact numbers, but I think Cameron can give you a sense for how we're thinking about it.
Lance Fritz: The operating team and we haven't received any questions about this morning, but it was a pretty start [ph] number. They've done a tremendous job on the engineering and mechanical side of achieving productivity both in central operations and in our distributed operations that are throughout the network and I anticipate there is even more opportunity there as we look into 2018 and beyond.
Lance Fritz: Jason, this is Lance. We would love for the current truck pricing environment to continue all the way through bid season next year as a potential that it does and it's a great environment for us to be out in the market place pursuing business and repricing business. So I think that's probably the sum total of what we want to say about truck pricing.
Lance Fritz: I'll take that Jason. So our Mexico business is about 11%, maybe a little bit more of our overall book. We enjoy about 70% of that business to and from Mexico that's shipped by rail and we've not seen anybody's behaviour in our served markets changing pending NAFTA. Having brought up NAFTA of course we're keeping a very close eye on current negotiations, you know we're in the penultimate negotiation up in Montreal. So they're down to the really difficult parts of the deal that need to be negotiated and while I still believe there is a good opportunity for the NAFTA agreement to be solidified, all three parties continue in it going forward. We've got a strong eye on all the what if's and contingency plans and agility to react to whatever would happen.
Lance Fritz: I'll take a stab at that. so when we think about productivity we don't view that as a trade-off for price and volume productivity to a fair degree is in our control and things that we are consuming, paying for, organized for, in order to provide an excellent customer service which allows us to price in the market place. So I don't think we see it as a trade-off like that.
Lance Fritz: Matt, but so let's take a step back and take a little broader perspective of this tax reform. We do believe and we hear from our customers and our markets that tax reform fundamentally makes the United States more competitive both for direct investment whether it's foreign direct investment or domestic investment and for competing it with either import goods or for export goods. So from our perspective we believe the tax reform will result in more opportunity for us over the longer term which should result in more opportunity for us to invest and to grow and to hire. But that's the string that we see happening basically it will affect the competitiveness of the markets that we serve and then that will drive incremental investment opportunity and incremental hiring opportunity.
Lance Fritz: Yes, I'll just briefly take a stab at that question and ask Cameron to provide more. We won't put date certain on when we think the network is “back to normal”. My expectation is, it happened sooner as opposed to later. This isn't something that I think we wait around and see what happens in the first and second quarter. I mean we're actively working on the handful of issues that we need to address and Cameron maybe you want to talk about those specifics.
Lance Fritz: So we've got couple of discrete kind of execution areas that we've got to pick up on but the good news from my perspective is, we got all the resources we need, we got the right team and they're focused on the right stuff. So we - so I expect this to happen sooner not later.
Lance Fritz: Brian, thanks for that question. There's a lot of moving parts as regards to trade and trade is pretty important to us of course. First we need consumer in the United States to feel optimistic and feel wealthy so that they consume stuff, build homes etc. and that looks like it's set up pretty well as long as the risk and global environment don't kind of overwhelm that optimism. Right now consumers are saying they're pretty optimistic and we see wages starting to increase and they feel pretty wealthy. The second thing that needs to happen is we've got to have open markets and free and fair trade and more open markets is better. While there is some rhetoric that isn't helpful to that, as we're negotiating NAFTA and as the administration observes other trade relationships as of yet. I've not seen it significantly negatively impact markets that we serve nor in conversations with my counterparts in those markets. Are they saying it's fundamentally changing their behaviour at this point? So there is a lot to pay attention to, now that it's, I think the power of tax reform is it almost can't be overstated to some degree. You think about this, every product produced in the United States that has any kind of supply chain to it, all along the way suppliers build in a 35% tax rate historically that drop in 21% fundamentally alters the landscape for cost of goods sold coming out of the United States and at the same time it makes us very attractive, more attractive for capital investment. All of that is positive for railroads. And so I think in the net we're cautious and we're deliberate and diligent on all the moving parts, but I think there is a pretty fair chance that it turns out positive as oppose to negative.
Lance Fritz: We always take Beth's forecast and drop it into a model and take a look at a couple basic questions surrounding T plan, whether or not we have enough T plan to offload our terminals and we make adjustments as necessary. So we'll be watching that particularly down on the southern region. Again it's not really a western region or northern region exercise it is focused on the southern region.
Lance Fritz: Great. Thank you. And thank you all for your questions and interest in Union Pacific. We're all looking forward to talking with you again in April.
Beth Whited: Lance mentioned we're very focused on ensuring that we're generating great value and margins for the company and we're maybe less focused on volume as we end and all be all, so we had great growth, wonderful business that we enjoy in frac sand. We saw coal return in the year overall to levels that are probably a little bit more normalized. We had really strong Ag in the first half not so much in the second half compared to the year before and that's really just a global markets perspective and then on the intermodal side, while our domestic parcel business went gangbusters, we continue to see competitive pricing scenarios in both international and domestic intermodal for most of the year that really dampened our growth potential compared to others. We remained really focused on improving margins in intermodal and so we didn't see maybe the same kind of growth that you saw from others.
Beth Whited: So as I mentioned we were - we had really strong parcel growth in the last quarter, a lot of that ecommerce driven as you would expect. The domestic market seems to be significantly improving with the tightening of truck availability so I would - we're certainly very hopeful that ends up being a good market for us in 2018, on the international side. We did see some decline in the fourth quarter and I think that is largely due to some shifting from the Pacific Northwest US ports into some of the Canadian ports where you've seen some pretty significant capacity expansion.
Beth Whited: Yes, just building on what Rob said. My perspective is that, our pricing in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter was not different. We were still seeing opportunities to price and I would say growing opportunities to price on the domestic intermodal side, international intermodal and coal continue to be challenges for us competitively, but we definitely do see that truck availability is tightening in the spot market, how that converts into long-term contracts we'll get more and more opportunity to see as we have bid season coming up in domestic intermodal, but it does feel like the pricing opportunities are flowing.
Beth Whited: Fadi, I would say that we see both things being pretty aggressive. It's pretty aggressive coming out as Pacific Southwest in terms of the pricing challenges and it's pretty aggressive coming on Pacific Northwest which is US railroads and Canadian railroads.
Beth Whited: I think we've given guidance previously that roughly two-thirds of our business is under some sort of one year or longer term at any given point in time and then you have things that are under, everything else will be kind of under tariff and available for pricing and then you know of course you get roll off the one year deal, so.
Beth Whited: Well as you know, there definitely is a timing of the bid season on the intermodal side in particular and then of course we have other business that's truck competitive as well. so as we go into the bid season in the second quarter, we certainly hope that spot high rates that are happening right now and trucks convert to longer term contract capability, but you're right it won't show up until later in the year.
Beth Whited: We do have several markets that are very truck competitive, intermodal being one of them. Lumber, I think you probably saw the article in the Wall Street Journal yesterday that called out Reefer capability as being very tight right now and we participate in that to obviously lower volume for us, but we do have exposure to that and then of course we serve a lot of bulk markets that aren't as likely to be truck competitive. So when we put all that kind of together in the mixer and we think about what's happening there, we do see that there is a potential for us to have the opportunity to participate with some higher pricing in these markets that are truck competitive. The caution I give you is that, we are continuing to see quite a bit of competitive pressure in big books of business like international intermodal and coal.
Beth Whited: We really don't talk about individual deals when we do this, we have a very purist mentality about how we calculate price. We are looking at the yields and so one thing you might want to think about is, it really kind of depends on what's going on in your book of business, right. So mix can be very important and the fourth quarter we had the virtually the same price as what we got in the third quarter and we had a lot of changes in that mix of business. So it matters in the way that we calculate price. We still feel good about the pricing that we're getting we're going to take advantage of the opportunities we have as these spot truck rates firm we hope into longer term capability to price there. And as I've mentioned like a few times it feels like a bunch, we still see headwinds in some of our big books international, intermodal and coal being two, I would call out for you.
Beth Whited: The change doesn't impact Union Pacific in particular, we do participate in some of the Canadian grain market that would come across desk from one of the Canadian railroads and go to export, but we don't see that - this change in the regulation materially changing anything for us.
Beth Whited: The reason that the brown sand is really emerging is because the logistics cost are so substantial coming from with constant in Minnesota and while there could be fringe markets that you can help make that worse, it doesn't seem like that's solvable by us. However I do think that there are other markets, other shale plays where white sand is desirable that will continue to emerge, so it's not just the Permian there's Eagle Ford, there's the Oklahoma markets are pretty hot you're seeing investment happening in the DJ Basin and Colorado as well.
Rob Knight: Yes, Scott let me take all that in. first of all you noticed that we changed the refind [ph] if you will and I would say being crystal clear and trying to be as transparent as we possibly can the rounding convention to quarter points here. I would say that if you look at the difference between the just under two, that we reported in our pricing in the third quarter to the 1.75 that we're calling out here in the fourth quarter the difference between the third and fourth quarter is really quite small. So I wouldn't read that there is any pricing actions story to be told between the third and fourth quarter there. Stepping back though, just to remind you and I know you, you know this but to remind everybody listening. How we calculate price? And we've been doing this for the 15 years that I've been the CFO and I'm very proud of this. It's a very detailed, analytical approach to what did we actually yield from our pricing action. So it's not representative of same store sales that took place this quarter versus last quarter or last year. it really is how many dollars did we yield from the pricing actions that we took since the last 12 months and how many dollars did we yield this quarter that actually went to the bottom line, so it's not again it's not a same store sales type, remember what we did really take to the bottom line and in the fourth quarter that was 1.75 pricing. To your point, if you exclude as we called out in both the third quarter and now in the fourth quarter. If you exclude the coal intermodal where we continue to face some challenges I would say and Beth can perhaps elaborate on the intermodal piece of this. I would say that in the fourth quarter we still face those same challenges. Now as you look forward and Beth can comment on this, as you look forward particularly in the intermodal we're feeling better about that obviously but we're still in the competitive challenges I would say in the coal space and then there is one final comment before I let Beth comment on the intermodal on your question about the well exceeding comment that I made as we look to 2018 and what I'm saying there, is our expectation again remember how we calculate price, it's dollars yielded from the pricing actions that we took and comparing that to the dollars we anticipate expending on inflation, both pieces we think are moving favorably, yes we think inflation overall for 2018 will be lower than 2017, we think it's going overall be under 2% and yes, we do have some optimism as we look forward to 2018 in some of our pricing opportunity. So we believe that gap if you will of the pricing actions and yields from our pricing actions in 2018 versus the inflation dollars will be better in 2018, than it was in 2017.
Rob Knight: Scott, duly noted. We totally understand your point and others point on this very issue. I would say that, with the new $1 billion of cash flow opportunity we have, it's frankly high class problem for us to evaluate how this is all going to play out. I know we and everyone including rating agencies are going to be digesting what does all this mean. We're comfortable being we drive towards cash flow measures and we've been comfortable with A rating, but even within that Scott to your point, we think there is a growing opportunity for us to both grow our cash flow from the fundamentals and the benefits of the tax reform act give us additional opportunities and as I stated. I'll reiterate it. We're not changing our philosophy we're going to contuse to be very focused on rewarding our shareholders in addition to spending capital, where the returns are there but we do believe this gives us a high class problem as we look at dividend and share repurchases going forward.
Rob Knight: Yes Ken I mean your point is duly noted in terms of where we are and we're proud that we've, as you know over the years going from high 80s to the low 60s and we're very focused on getting that 60 and ultimately 55. The math behind why it may have kind of slowed the momentum here in the last couple of years is a lot of moving parts in there. But rest assured, we're very focused on continuing to improve year-over-year and we have to drive incremental margins to get to that 60 plus or minus by 2019. And what it's going to take continue focus on our G55 and zero initiatives which still is turning out stellar productivity numbers. High quality service product enables us to continue to get price in the marketplace. Specifically to your point on headcount that's not really a change. What I said here today on headcount and that is that, it will move with volume but not one for one that is not a change we've kind of had that philosophy now for several years and what I'm saying there, is if volume is up x% I would expect that will require us because we think we're right-sized right now that will require us to bring in additional employees depending on what business it is, what makes it etc., but it's not going to one-to-one because the G55 and zero focus on productivity, we're very confident that headcount will not grow at the same pace that hopefully volume does. So it's really a combination of factors, but I take comfort that we're very focused and committed to continue to drive to that 60 plus or minus by 2019.
Rob Knight: Yes, David I mean there's a lot goes into the line item as you know and it includes state and local taxes. The equipment property damage, utilities, insurance I mean environmental. A lot of things going into that so it's one of the hardest if you will to try to nail to the wall is to exactly what that's going to be. Your point is duly noted. On every cost bucket rest assured as part of our G55 and zero initiative though we've got an eye on being as efficient and productive as we can and we got to include the other expense, but our best linking at this point in time largely driven by some of the unknowns around the state and local tax is in that 10% category.
Rob Knight: Fadi I would just add, don't take anything I'm about to say here as excuses, but just recall notably in the third quarter we did have the hurricane impact, we had the force reduction impact, fuel for the full year was a little bit of headwind, so no excuses but some of those things notably the workforce reduction sizable we'll get the benefits of that more in 2018 where we incurred the cost in 2017 and of course things like the hurricane, which frankly we whether extremely well, those are things that we don't anticipate repeating, other than that it really is just a volume productivity and pricing levers that we're going to continue to pull.
Rob Knight: Lance the only thing I would add and Chris as you know, we are focused on improving our operating gross here in 2018, we're going to stay away from breaking out by quarter or first half versus second half. But [indiscernible] Lance from my perspective there is nothing really unusual, you called out fuel that occurred in the fourth quarter other than our disappointment on the cost side. I mean we frankly admit that there is opportunities and we are very focused on doing better on that and that's the big delta in my mind.
Rob Knight: I'll probably disappoint you, not getting into quite the level of detail that you're asking and let me just start out by reiterating that our guidance for the long-term is 15% of revenue and as I think you and everyone knows, that's not how we build our capital plan, but that still is a good way of thinking about what we're thinking here as to what the overall expenditures will be when you add it all up. Some of the moving parts so that I will call out. Yes, this is the last year's as Cam pointed out, this is last of our long-term commitment on buying locomotives, so we'll take 60 locomotives this year and we don't have plans at this point in time to take any more locomotives beyond that. We will still have some capital expenditures that go into locomotive programs etc. in there. So the number will come down, but it won't go to zero in our locomotive line PTC. Clearly once that's up and running and behind us that number will change. It will go down to probably not zero in the near term, but it will go down as it has dramatically from where it started and beyond that again, so we just talk about Brazos being an opportunity where we're making an investment because we're confident the returns are there. And that's how we look at all investments, so you're right there is some pieces coming down and other than Brazos we're not saying it's necessarily going to be backfilled dollar for dollar, but our guidance at this point in time to kind of answer your question is still at 15% of revenue look.
Rob Knight: Tom, again I'll probably disappoint in terms of giving you the precise line items that you're asking, but I would just start out by saying, every cost bucket we're looking at opportunities to squeeze out efficiency and manage the cost. You've got your comp line, which again I called out that line overall should be less than 2% on the inflation side of the house. You look at rents I mean that's another category where we're hopeful of continuing to manage that effectively, but just and I know you know this. But just to kind of reiterate, when we less than 2% of course we're talking about inflation, the actual cost that flow through the income statement will largely be driven by what volume we actually enjoy and so volume costs albeit not one for one and all the efficiencies that we expect to squeeze out of that will clearly fill up on the line items as well, but as it relates to inflation. I call out I guess comp and rents of two lines that might be lower than overall average.
Rob Knight: Matt this is Rob. I would say clearly yes, that's a positive tax reform is a positive in that calculus. What we were saying and Lance addressed earlier is that alone is not going to cause us to, it's not like we have a bunch of pent up capital projects that were sitting on the sidelines just waiting for that extra couple of points have been improving on the ROI and by the way I would remind that we're improving or increasing our capital spend in 2018 versus s2017, so it's all in the mix of things but it's not like to ask opening a floodgate of additional investment that was pent up sitting on the sideline.
Rob Knight: Justin, you're right on I mean as I pointed out earlier. We were not happy with our performance in the fourth quarter on couple of measures and that showed up in the incremental margins, but it was fully explained by some of the fluidity challenges that Lance and Cam addressed earlier. So there is nothing other behind the scenes on that. and as we look to get to our 60 plus or minus by 2019 we've got annually run in 50% to 60% incremental margin range and that's our focus and we understand that and we're confident in our ability to get there.
Rob Knight: Amit this is Rob. We don't straight line our repurchases. It's - we're opportunistic in terms of the pricing and the opportunity and we will continue to operate that way. But I wouldn't take, I wouldn't interrupt anything that we've said or what the benefits of the $1 billion of additional cash flow from the tax to imply that we will slow down the pace of share repurchases I wouldn't look at it that way and we were still working through all the details of that, but we think it gives us a greater opportunity on dividends and share repurchases frankly.
Rob Knight: Yes fair point, Amit. And as I said earlier, if you recall in the third quarter I said our pricing when you look at what we yield in the third quarter with just under two, then we refined our convention in terms of the routings. So I would say again the story is not the big change from the third to the fourth quarter and it's probably in the 10 or two tenths kind of range in terms of the way the math flew, so it's not a full quarter of point different.
Rob Knight: Good question, Ben. Because 2017 was an unusually higher year if you remember the third quarter we had couple of larger transactions Kinder Morgan, Seabrook which we called out. So as we looked to 2018 a normal year is closer to call it $150 million range plus or minus rather than you know call it $300 million that we had this year.
Ken Hoexter: Rob, you've been at between 63%, 64% OR for four years now and you noted the workforce that was in your commentary will increase with volumes. Is that a change from growing the workforce but not at a pace with volumes and I guess just thinking about 60% OR does that include the shift in pension income and with the rise in the fuel prices impacting the operating ratio.
Ken Hoexter: Okay, great thanks. Rob I think I was little confused I thought you were shifting and saying that you're going to one-for-one in the original computation. Thanks for that clarification.
Ken Hoexter: And then my second one, I guess Lance maybe for you the - we've heard now three other rails move to kind of eliminate it seems like almost all of their hump yards and improved operating performance. Now you're looking to spend maybe $500 million on adding another one. Maybe can you just walk through the cost benefit analysis so we can understand the difference of why you looked to add, when other seem to cutting them.
Chris Wetherbee: I wanted to come back to the OR for a second just thinking about the fourth quarter and them maybe looking out to 2018. But within the fourth quarter, we know fuel was a headwind but it sounds like ex-fuel kind of OR was flattish. We had positive volume, positive price. Just want to get a sense from a 4Q perspective. If there is anything specific in the quarter going on from a cost standpoint. That you felt like maybe it was maybe a little bit one-time and make sure maybe that's recurring and then as you move into 2018 particularly the first half. I mean did those things kind of, are there other cost item that sort of drop away. Do you think you can get OR improvement in the first half of 2018? Just trying to get a sense of sort of how things are trending today.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, all right. And that's helpful. I appreciate it. And then just in the context of sort of pricing and it seems like the industry is getting better pricing gradually in 4Q and then moving forward into 2018 with the potential of the much tighter truck market, how much of your business is sort of available and open for repricing. So how much in other words do you think you can kind of capture what's going on in some of those markets, with contracts that are available to be repriced.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, so somewhere in the sort of the third range is kind of what the shot on goal is for 2018, maybe a little bit more than that.
Cameron Scott: For the attrition that Lance mentioned earlier in the meeting, we have filled the pipeline appropriately to meet that attrition and some of the growth that has been highlighted for the southern region and we feel like that's time to pretty accurately. There will be a few additional hirers filtration in the locomotive and engineering side, but we think we've got that pipeline filled appropriately.
Cameron Scott: Velocity at this particular time is so being impacted as we implement PTC in Chicago, in Kansas city and Houston that's really the last series of implementation that we've ahead of us. There are always challenges when we implement and those big network industrialized heavy areas and we'll work out way through this. We're shipping quickly from implementing PTC to problem solving PTC which requires a technical team to continue to problem solve and that really a human design team to help people become more familiar and try to adapt to the technology that we've asked them to use as they're running trains. So we'll continue to work that throughout 2018 and there are really no other critical issues that's impeding velocity other than that.
Cameron Scott: During the previous earnings call we estimated half of mile an hour to a mile an hour and that still looks like to be a very solid estimate, somewhere in that range. And as we mentioned some of that, as we troubleshoot, problem solve and train our employees will be recovered. You do highlight the challenge for the entire industry which is ahead of us, which is the interoperability, which we've all been working very closely with each other all along. I don't believe there will be any issues with executing that. it is little bit of unknown. We have yet to marry up with BNSF or Norfolk Southern or CN or CP and really run each other's products on each other's railroads that's ahead of us here this year.
Cameron Scott: I'll give you one example that is time certain if you think about Metra. Being a specific Metro in Chicago that cut over with each other is going to be this July.
Cameron Scott: Amit, I don't think we really talked in detail about mixed challenges. What we were referring or trying to refer to is that mix is a significant contributor to what happens sequentially quarter-to-quarter to pricing. And if you look at incremental margin which we only really talk to for purposes of kind of illustrating full year, last year was something like mid-60s. the fourth quarter was something like high 30s, right. So the fourth quarter from our perspective was all about fluidity and some incremental cost like little elevated recruise, some little elevated overtime, little elevated [indiscernible] more equipment than we would need normally all adding up expense that need to be there.
Cameron Scott: To answer your volume question, which is a good one. Northern region looks sound, western region looks very sound. This really about the State of Texas and very positive growth not only this year but the next several years and that is what is Brazos is meant to address. Plus if you looked under the hood of where we're spending our capacity dollars, it is all pointed at Texas. So we have the right capacity projects pointed at growth to take care of the southern region.
Jason Seidl: Well let me drag the horse out again, guys. Let me look at it at a different way, so obviously you're saying modest sequential decline and what you report as core price or essentially the same as the previous quarter. When you look at the contracts that you've signed this year or maybe late last year would those be above that core rate that you posted in the fourth quarter. so something similar to one of your competitors reported north of the border [ph].
Jason Seidl: Your description of firming at least intrigues me to some extent because what we're seeing in the marketplace on the spot side is really strong price increases and a lot of people talking about potential contractual increases, somewhere between 6% and 10% on the truckload side. Are you guys seeing something different because I would categorize at a strong rate increases is not firming, if you will.
Jason Seidl: My follow-up is on Mexico, could you talk a little bit about the total exposure in terms of traffic direct from you guys and then maybe any interchange as well as, do you feel that there's been any increase in shipping to and from Mexico ahead of any potential issues with NAFTA.
Brian Ossenbeck: First following up on the PTC comments. You said you're going to the big metropolitan areas. Cam, if you can give us a guesstimate last quarter on how much PTC implementation shaved off velocity for the network so that would be helpful. And as you look ahead to beyond 2018 in the next couple of years, what's your early sense of the other rails, interoperability and is that going to be another potential challenge for rolling out this system after the first couple legs going through here now.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay and their specific time on when you start to cross tracks or link up the systems as you mentioned.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay, thank you. And Lance just one quick one for you if I could. On just trade flows globally we've seen some news on tariffs being increased but on the flipside we've got a weaker dollar just been down I think 4%, 5% since you last reported earnings. So just what are you hearing from some of the bigger customers, bigger accounts and what's your view on kind of the upside and downside with potentially more tariffs but offset by what could be a continual weaker dollar which will be a pretty nice tailwind for you and for the industry in general.
Amit Mehrotra: First one is on the share repurchase, the company committed to 30 million I guess share buyback clip through 2020 back in 2016, you ran a little bit above 20% that rate last year by repurchasing a little more than 36 million shares. Now we have tax reform the share price is up more than 50%, since that target was announced. So just given all those factors moving parts can we assume maybe a bit of a cooling off on the pace of buybacks given those factors and also are you still committed to repurchase your 120 million shares by 2020 from the 2017 date. Thank you.
Amit Mehrotra: So the 120 million targets in terms of share, if it's still very much intact maybe even, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but maybe even some upward bias to that, given the inflows and the tax reform.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay, one other quick one for me and I don't mean to nit-pick on the core pricing, but I just wanted to be crystal clear on the movement as you move from 3Q to 4Q. you did talk about rounding and offering kind of that 1.75% number in the fourth quarter down from 2%. I just wanted to see was that 2% rounded. Again I'm not trying to nit-pick here but I just want to be clear, was it 2.00% or 1.8% or 2.05% any color there so we're just - we're on the same page in terms of that.
Amit Mehrotra: But the and the mix shifts that impacted, the headline number, I would just imagine would probably accelerate over the next 12 months in terms of the coal intermodal volume. So I know you talked about I guess in response to one of the previous questions that 50% to 60% is obviously the walk to get to your long-term target, but how do incremental margins get to accelerate from kind of back half of the year, when some of the mixed challenges accelerate in 2018.
