John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me in Omaha today are Rob Knight, our CFO; Lance Fritz, our Executive Vice President of Operations; and I also want to introduce Eric Butler in his new role as our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales.  Now before we get started, I want to quickly thank all of you for the support you've expressed for Jim and his family during this time. I know Jim and the entire company greatly appreciate your thoughts and well-wishes. So turning to the quarter, you can see that Union Pacific delivered record financial results across the board this quarter, generating a first quarter earnings milestone of $1.79 per share, an increase of 39% compared to 2011. First quarter record operating revenue, operating income and operating ratio performance drove our improved bottom line results. We're clearly delivering on the benefits of our diverse franchise, even as we saw the current coal headwinds start to build in the quarter. We remain focused on delivering safe, efficient, high-quality service that creates value for our customers and increased financial returns for our shareholders. These efforts were recognized with record marks in customer satisfaction and employee safety. So let's get started this morning, and I'll turn it over to Eric Butler.
John J. Koraleski: Thanks, Rob. With the strong first quarter behind us, we are totally focused on the prospects that lie ahead. Although coal volumes remain a challenge, we expect that continued opportunities in other areas of our business are going to allow us to drive financial -- record financial results for the year. We're moving forward with our capital investment strategies. We're investing today to strengthen the network and build capacity that will drive improved customer service and shareholder returns for tomorrow. We believe very strongly in the opportunities for growing our financial returns for the future. So with that, let's open up the phone and take your questions.
John J. Koraleski: Brandon, I would tell you that, for the most part, transportation rates are not going to make or break the productivity and the efficiency of coal electric utility generation. If there is a utility that is so close to the edge that the transportation rates are making the difference, we'll probably not going to be in a position of being able to save that utility, nor would we go down that path with our pricing strategies.
John J. Koraleski: Well, at some point in time, Tom, we're predicting the weather here. So that makes it a little bit iffy on our part. When we look at our coal situation right now, here's how we think about it: The gas capabilities in our served territory have already played their cards. So there's not really a lot more opportunity in the utility that we serve to shift anymore production to gas. So that's really running full out at this point in time. We've seen the fall off now in volumes. We think that's going to stay. And so we think that low to mid-teens is probably a fairly solid number. If you have a normal summer, by the time we get to the end of the second quarter, we should start to see our volume kind of pick up and then it will grow in the third and fourth quarter, and you'll start to see overall coal volumes come back. And in the meantime, we think we've got enough upside on our other business, like the shale plays, the Automotive business, the domestic Intermodal side, that, by the time we get to the end of the year, we should still be in positive territory for total volumes.
John J. Koraleski: Again, Justin, you've been with us a long time, and you know that our strategy has been to ensure that every piece of business that moves on our railroad is re-investable. So we're going to continue to go down that path. We don't think the transportation rates -- if you have a utility that is on the edge of economic viability, we don't believe transportation rates is going to save that utility, and it has further implications for us in all of our other customers. So we don't want people trading on the basis of transportation contracts. We want them trading on the basis of their own productivity, efficiency and manufacturing capabilities. So we would stay with my earlier answer.
John J. Koraleski: So again, Scott, if you just think about it, we have one of probably the most conservative assessments of core price. Because if the car doesn't move, regardless of how high we raise the price, we don't get credit for it. And so the core price of 5% is a solid number for us. The mix did hurt us, as everybody pointed out, in terms of coal and International Intermodal, because that is where the bulk of our -- where all of our legacy renewals from last year were housed. So hopefully, we'll see those volumes improve as we get through the year and we'll start to see a greater contribution from. I think the best assessment of it though, the total impact, you just to go back to the operating ratio and see that 70.5 to 4 points of improvement.
John J. Koraleski: Overall, when you look at the frac sand and the crude oil, it's re-investable. It's at market rates, and we're very, very happy to have as much of it as we can bring on the railroad.
John J. Koraleski: So we have customers that are operating at their minimum, but they're not falling below and then paying us the economic penalty.
John J. Koraleski: I think our volumes are already ahead of what they're cutting. And customers, many times, have multiple mine sources, so they can move between mines.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, I'll give you just a couple of benchmark points for you. Last year, our shale crude oil was about 3,900 carloads. And in the first quarter this year, it was 20,400. So that's order of magnitude, just kind of where we saw the volume growth. We think it's going to continue to grow as we go through the year. We were something like 26 trains, as I recall, last September, 72 trains in March, moving forward to 100 and beyond that as we go through the year. So it's growing nicely for us.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, meaning the terminals. There was a press release yesterday or the day before, that our partner, US Development, down at St. James, just opened up, added capacity that will allow 2 trains a day. So as we talked earlier about some of the ramp up we're seeing here, April and beyond, that's kind of a good news piece of the factor for us.
John J. Koraleski: For sure, reallocation of fungible assets happens, and that will benefit, as Rob mentioned, both growth rates and service. And from the standpoint of capital, in the current outlook, there's just not a lot of capital that we've got planned for coal-specific operations. I mean, I just don't think there's a lot of adjustment there.
John J. Koraleski: Chris, our commitment is to make every carload on this railroad re-investible over time and get to that level. And if we can't achieve those kinds, where we can re-invest in the locomotives, the track capacity and things like that, we will probably pass on the business.
John J. Koraleski: The key thing for us, Walter, as Eric said, we haven't seen that shift taking place. And one of the reasons is because we are doing everything we possibly can to deliver great service to our customers. And as long as our service package is excellent and stays excellent, that's our best defense. It's our best defense against port shifting on the West Coast, it's also our best defense against a new port capacity in Mexico, although we may actually benefit from that, I guess, depending on which port it would come across in the border. But also, the shift to the Panama Canal. That's largely -- we can influence that greatly by the kind of service, and we are up to that challenge.
John J. Koraleski: Right now -- so the one that we were probably most excited about was the one up in Longview, Washington. That's kind of run afoul of some of the EPA concerns. We're actually kind of watching that whole decision for the EPA to be kind of taking a more broad or blanket look at potential environmental situations. But certainly, the one at Longview was important us. We've been moving quite a bit of export coal now down through Houston, and we think there's some additional capacity there. We've been working with mines and the Ferromex railroad and looking at the Port of Guaymas down in Mexico. All of those things are still in play. The newly added challenge or wrinkle for us is what happens with the EPA reviews.
John J. Koraleski: Absolutely. And we have very, very excellent cooperation with our customers. I mean, it's not just us. It takes the entire team, the customers, the destination facilities, the railroad, everybody working together to keep this thing moving on a fluid basis. And it's very, very heartwarming to see it happen.
John J. Koraleski: Yes. I would say coal is probably longer. We're -- the interchanges for us on the crude oil out of the Bakken would be Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago, St. Paul. So -- and then you would add beyond that the coal. So I would say, the oil transfer, a little shorter in terms of length of haul. Maybe 100, a couple of hundred miles max.
John J. Koraleski: I would have told you 1,000 miles would be my best guess, but we could clarify that. We could have Michelle or someone.
John J. Koraleski: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call this morning. Clearly, our 150th anniversary year is off to a great start. We do have some challenges ahead as we manage through a soft coal environment, but our franchise diversity has given us a lot of opportunities to help us do just that. So we're going to keep doing what we know how to do: We're going to stay agile in a changing environment, we're going to stay focused on providing great service for our customers, and we're going to continue to improve returns for our shareholders. And we look forward to being back with you again in July, at the end of another strong quarter for Union Pacific. Thanks very much.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. What I'm saying there is -- yes, on an earnings basis, the rate of improvement won't be as great as the rate of improvement that we saw in the first quarter. However, as I pointed out, we do expect it to be sequentially stronger and still grow year-over-year, which is not quite at the same rate. Again, the main challenge is the coal that we talked about.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. Tom, in the first quarter, let me just kind of set the stage there. You're right, incremental volume were -- margins were outstanding in the first quarter at over 60%, which was driven by all the positives that we spoke about. How it will play out, I would expect that incremental margins will continue to be very positive. Exactly how it will play out will be as dependent as anything on the mix effect. We expect, as Eric walked through, positive strength to continue and things like the new shale-related activities. We expect international -- or excuse me, domestic Intermodal to continue to strengthen. So the mix will play a fact in that. But I would expect that incremental margins will continue to be strong.
Robert M. Knight: If I can just add, this is Rob, Scott. As Eric pointed out, yes, if the coal volumes came back. Because what we experienced in the first quarter, both on coal and also on International Intermodal, is some of the repriced business didn't move. So, yes, if that volume came back, that would be a positive for us if that repriced business came back. The other thing I wanted to respond to you, Scott, was your question on the legacy in 2013. The bulk of that is front-end loaded.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Bill. We're staying with that 65% to 67% operating ratio target, full year operating ratio target by 2015. And you hit the nail in the head. When we gave that guidance, a lot of things have changed. But we have not changed in our conviction, in our commitment. We may get there a different way, and I think we're walking our talk in terms of making the kind of progress we did, even without the benefit of coal in the first quarter with that 4-point improvement. And as I've said all along, and I said this when we set the original 75% target, in the low 70s operating ratio target, we're going to get there as efficiently as we can, as quickly as we can. It's not an endpoint. It's just a next step along the game here. And so we're not changing our conviction. We're going to get there as soon as we can, but we still feel confident about that, even though it may come in a different way.
Robert M. Knight: Yes. And again, just to make sure everybody's following what Chris is asking, the way we calculate price, and I would say, again, the financial organization, our conservative looks at it, it's all in yield, and we calculate it across our entire book of business. So as Jack pointed out, if something doesn't move, it doesn't get counted, obviously. And also, what doesn't get counted in our price is if there's new business that comes on board, which we've seen a lot of that. So you see that positive mix in our operating ratio, but you don't see that in the price. But specific to your question on the negative impact that we saw in the first quarter from price, I would say it was about 0.5 point. And what that is, is a result of the repriced, mostly coal and International Intermodal business that made up the bulk of that billion dollar legacy end of fourth -- or end of 2011, beginning in 2012 that we talked about. That did not move. So the volume wasn't there, we didn't get credit for it in the way we calculated the price. And that was about 0.5 point, if you will, from a core price impact.
Robert M. Knight: Chris, that's exactly right. The other thing I would point out that was a real plus in -- shows up in our operating ratio improvement, but also shows up in our legacy renewal success is the improvement in our fuel recovery mechanism. We're still not where we want to be as a company. We're not going to be at 100% until we finish off all of the legacy renewals. But we did make a nice step forward with improving our lot and recovering fuel.
Robert M. Knight: I'll kind of address the overall, and there's a mix impact here, as Lance pointed out, in terms of the growth in the south versus less growth in the other parts of the region. So we're dealing with that, and Lance and his team are addressing that. But at a macro level, just reiterating, we would expect that headcount will grow with volume. So with volumes on the positive side of the ledger, which we expect it will be for the full year, we would expect headcount to actually be up net-net as a result of the hiring that we will do for both attrition and hiring for growth, but not at a one-for-one level. In addition to that, headcount likely will grow as we continue to increase our capital spending, which is again a $3.6 billion spend this year and the impact of positive train control. So net-net, I would expect that if volume plays out the way we expect it to on the positive side of the ledger, that headcount would be exactly up.
Robert M. Knight: If I can just add to that, in addition to all the operating ships and improvements that Lance just walked through at a macro level, what will continue to also drive our operating ratio improvement are: continue to focus on adding the capacity and the changes that Lance talked about; providing great service to our customers, which enables us to continue to get price in the marketplace; continue to improve our surcharge recovery mechanisms. All of that adds up into our operating ratio target.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, I would just add that -- Peter, while we've talked about sort of our general view of inflation plus sort of philosophy, it's not like the contract spells out inflation plus in the terms of the contract. So the fact that inflation is high one year like it was last year, and as we pointed out in the Labor line alone, last year, inflation was in the 4% to 5% range. This quarter, we turned in 2%. We expect the full year to be somewhere in the 2.5% range. We are not -- that does not impact our pricing decisions that we're making currently.
Robert M. Knight: If I can just make one comment on that. Remember, and Eric showed it on his slide earlier, that there was a little bit of uniqueness in terms of the comps last year. Remember, we had the flood last year that hit in the second quarter, then we came out of that strong, and it strengthened throughout the balance of the year. So just keep in mind, as you look year-over-year, that there was that unusual activity last year.
Robert M. Knight: No, that's not what that is, Chris. The driver of the other revenue was relatively small, but our subsidiary rev, what we call subsidiary revenue, was up nicely this quarter for us. Not anything to do with any kind of liquidated damages discussion.
Robert M. Knight: If I can just add? Yes. Jason, you probably know this, but the investment in the tank car itself is not our investment. That's the investment of the producer, of course. Yes.
Robert M. Knight: Let me take the second part of that first. Yes, it would continue to step down as it goes to 0 because you got to pay back a portion of the prior years and, of course, the current year fall off. I think the order of magnitude of the change is in the couple of hundred million range year-over-year.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. As we look at the ramp up in April, clearly, April started off soft from a trend standpoint. Part of that is due to the holiday weekend that we saw. But we are seeing a good ramp up here in the latter part of April, and we feel pretty good about our outlook for the demand and the other businesses, as we've discussed earlier, both the domestic businesses and our opportunities on the import side. So we still are pretty confident looking at our outlook and looking at our current rate and run rate and ramp up.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. As has been said in the past, we expected to see a 1- to 2-point percent benefit from our legacy pricing, and that's what we're seeing this year. Certainly, the volume mix or the volume shortfall in coal and some of the volume shortfall in our International Intermodal business has had a negative impact on our legacy pricing mix. But we are seeing it still in that 1% to 2% range that we had expected. We do not have any layered pricing plans in our late -- in our legacy contracts throughout the year, but we are firmly committed and looking forward to meeting, exceeding the price expectations that we had out there.
Eric L. Butler: We do have a small percent of our coal customers that are running at minimums, but it's a very small percent of our coal customers that are doing that. So we typically don't have a large portion of take or pay contracts.
Eric L. Butler: Well, as you know, we have a tough comp in the first quarter, first half of this year. Intermodal volumes -- International Intermodal volumes last year were very strong, and they're off compared to last year. And then we also have a tough comp throughout the first half of the year with the contract loss that we discussed in the past. So we have those 2 factors that are putting some caution in our outlook for some early part of this year. In terms of your question about East Coast issues, there are a lot of factors that impact whether a steamship carrier decides to land on the West Coast and use a land bridge or go through the East Coast. We think that our value proposition and the strength of our franchise still allows the West Coast option land bridge to be a very strong option, and we still see a very competitive outlook in our business from that factor, vis-a-vis East Coast ports.
Eric L. Butler: As Jack said earlier, we're not capable of predicting the weather, but our assumption is that we're going to have a normal outlook for the second quarter. Again, second quarter is typically a shelf month where there is a normal downturn in the second quarter, just because of the mild weather. But we're expecting a -- our low to mid-teens outlook assumes normal weather patterns.
Eric L. Butler: No, no, no. We don't see that. As I mentioned earlier, a very small percent of our coal customers currently are operating at their minimum commitments, and we don't see any contract changes in the future that would address that or lower that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, that's -- well, that's a good question. Certainly, from a Canadian standpoint, everyone's familiar with Prince Rupert. And Prince Rupert is certainly looking to position itself as an alternative port. And if you look at the U.S. West Coast ports, particularly the Port of L.A. Long Beach, that is, and we foresee for the foreseeable future, to be the predominant port for imports onto the West Coast from a value standpoint, from a cost standpoint, from a productivity standpoint, from a size standpoint. And we don't really see a lot of risk to that, the Port of L.A. Long Beach position or the other U.S. West Coast ports. Certainly, there are ports in Mexico that are also attempting to position themselves as options, but we really don't see that.  In terms of the Panama Canal, lots of points of view out there. I think some of the experts would suggest that if you look at the expense of the Canal and what is already happening with the Canal fees, if you look at the fact that there are not many current U.S. East Coast ports that could handle the larger ships, and there would be an expense that would be required to do dredging and decks expansion to handle those ships, we think the Canal might have a minor impact. I think the market numbers today, roughly about 30% of the freight goes all water. That may increase a couple of percentage points as you look at the opening of the Panama Canal. But we're not expecting it to be, at this point in time, a significant impact on our going-forward strategic plans.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. To add to what Jack said, I think the current list of proposed projects, some of which multi-year duration and all of which, certainly, will be subject to various environmental, permitting review processes, but -- the list of projects really would expand export coal capacity to over 100 million tons annually. That's a huge number.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, I think most of those comments were referred to the ports on the west coast of Mexico. We are actually having in-depth conversations with a number of port officials and with our partner railroads in Mexico, to look at product and service offerings, both export and import and not just Intermodal, but also bulk products, export and import in a variety of ports down there. So we think there is some upside. There are some capacity things we're working through, but we believe there is an upside.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. I'm not sure we said there were no capacity constraints. Lance will talk a little bit about our principal capacity. There are significant -- perhaps a record number of tank cars coming online, as you may know. I don't have the exact number off the top of my head, but there is almost a record number of tank cars. So that it a significant investment that customers are making, third parties are making. And I think enough tank cars will be coming online to align with the demand that is out there. There's also significant investment in covered hoppers that are coming online that handle the drilling materials for -- like frac sand for the drilling market. So I think the car -- there's some headwinds there, but there are enough cars coming online to address the capacity issues, I think, over the midterm. In terms of the physical capacity issues, I'm going to let Lance address that.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. So I mentioned earlier the port development projects that we referred to in the West Coast and also in Mexico, those are really being driven by the inquiries for coal for -- [ph] coal for Asia. So we are still seeing a significant amount of potential demand for export coal.
Eric L. Butler: We have not seen any cooling, and I would say, perhaps, the opposite. We've seen some real time higher level of interest for export coal out of Mexican ports that do not seem to have the same permitting process requirements, perhaps, that we have in the Pacific Northwest ports.
Eric L. Butler: I don't think there's a substantial significant difference in length of haul this year versus last year.
Eric L. Butler: Yes. Industrial Products had very, very strong growth in terms of the drilling-related things as we [indiscernible] as we mentioned. So frac sand, steel. Very, very strong growth. Moderate growth in some of the other base of construction products like our rock business, our lumber business. And we actually saw a significant decline in volume, as I referred to in some of our hazardous waste business. We had a very short-haul contract that we've talked about in the past where the stimulus funding ran out, and so there was a significant reduction in that business.
Eric L. Butler: We are still seeing a strong interest in crude-by-rail. And one of the things that we have seen is that we are providing a very strong value proposition, not only in terms of the value in terms of cost, but also the time. There's some assessment that suggests crude by rail is faster to market and certainly has the ability to change markets vis-a-vis crude by pipeline. We do not forever foresee taking over the haul market, but we do see, for a long-term play, the opportunity to have markets move crude by rail, as long as we continue our value proposition.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, sure. So we're at a furlough number of about 600 right now, something like that. And we have been adjusting both our hiring and our existing headcount numbers. I expect those will continue to adjust. I think hiring is, of course, going to be pretty healthy for mostly attrition, and mix is going to be driving some of that headcount decision as well as we see manifest absorbing more of the business and requiring more headcount than some of the coal business, for instance.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure, yes, let's get started. So let's say coal does shrink over the long run going forward. Well, some of the first things we do is we reallocate resources, we right size the business, which we have been doing in the first quarter. We'll continue to do. On the upside of productivity, as we've talked about before, we've got just a target-rich environment for improvement, whether it's train size improvement, process improvement in terminals, process improvement over the road and the benefits, the productivity benefits of our capital spend. So we've got ample opportunity in the operating side to continue to improve productivity and efficiency.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure, Ken. Now you know we're used to operating outside, so the weather did have some favorable impact, right, where we're typically going to spend on snow removal or, perhaps, face some tough operating conditions during very inclement weather. We didn't have much of that repeat across the system the first quarter this year. That's really kind of minor in the grand scheme of things. What I would have much preferred is a cold winter and good coal demand, and I would have traded that in a heartbeat.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. Jason, you might be referring to -- I think what we said was the volume on crude was largely being throttled by destination facilities. But that's not to say that there aren't other capacity constraints or challenges. On the railroad side, we're largely overcoming those with incremental resources, and we're building capacity rapidly as we speak.
Lance M. Fritz: I can probably answer that. It's in the ballpark, on average. In a normal demand scenario, coal might be marginally longer.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, both can be. Again, we -- typically, when we respond to train size questions, we remind you that it's very specific by quarter. But there is equal opportunity on both and without any negative impact on service parameters.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, we can all -- I'm going to speak to the train starts as volume increases. We always have the opportunity to leverage volume through train starts via size and with key plan changes. Mix does have an impact, but in the global sense, as we grow, we would expect we should be able to generate some productivity out of train starts.
