Lance M. Fritz: Good morning everybody and welcome to Union Pacific's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales; Cameron Scott, our Executive Vice President of Operations; and Rob Knight, Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2015. This equates to $1.31 per share, which compares to $1.61 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Another quarter of solid pricing gains were not enough to offset the 9% decrease in total volumes. Carload volume declined in five of our six commodity groups with coal and industrial products down 22% and 16% respectively. Automotive continued to be a bright spot for us in the quarter with the volume up 8% versus 2014.  On the cost side, we continued to adjust resources throughout the quarter and also made solid progress with our productivity initiatives. We will hear the team talk about some of the highlights here this morning. As a result of these efforts we achieved a quarterly operating ratio of 63.2%. We continue to be laser focused on running a fluid and efficient network while safely providing value added service to our customers and delivering solid returns for our shareholders.  So with that I’ll turn it over to Eric. 
Lance M. Fritz: Thanks Rob, and as we discussed today this past year was a difficult one in many respects. But our team did outstanding work in the face of dramatic declines in volumes and shifts in our business mix. Overall economic conditions, uncertainty in the energy markets, commodity prices, and the strength of U.S. dollar will continue to have a major impact on our business this year. However, our velocity is at an all-time best for the current level of demand. The network is fluid, and we are driving towards further improvement. We are well positioned to efficiently serve customers in existing markets as they rebound. The strength and the diversity of the Union Pacific franchise also will provide tremendous opportunities for new business development as both domestic and global markets evolve. When combined with our unrelenting focus on safety, productivity, and service these opportunities will translate into an excellent experience for our customers and strong value for our shareholders in the years ahead. So with that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Lance M. Fritz: Brandon, this is Lance. The impact on all railroad has been acute as you point out in energy, in commodities affected by the strong dollar like export grains, steel markets, and those are not necessarily indicative of a broader U.S. reality. I will share with you though there is also questions that we have about U.S. consumers. There are indicators that the consumers are healthy like the unemployment rate is at a comfortable 5% level, the consumers are buying automobiles as Eric outlined. But labor participation rate isn’t that great and fourth quarter retail sales for goods was not that great. So I will let Eric give you a little more technicolor.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes Brandon one last thing, early in the year we talked about the impact on energy from low natural gas prices and the effect on coal, the effect on crude oil and natural gas exploration to development and we said ultimately that should be a benefit to other industries we serve like plastics manufacturing and consumers. And we just haven't seen yet the offset, the positive offset from the headwinds that we’ve experienced. 
Lance M. Fritz: Chris we outlined for you the expectations for volumes in the first quarter in a few specific areas. I would say we are in a much better posture entering 2016 from a realizing productivity in a headcount perspective, getting the resources right for the volumes than we were entering 2015. We are just in a very different place. 
Lance M. Fritz: And Eric your team continually works with trucking companies themselves in terms of helping them with their cost structures and they look at intermodal conversions as an opportunity to modify their own cost structures as they compete in that marketplace and those opportunities continue as well. 
Lance M. Fritz: Sure Ken. We have been clear historically about time lags in decisions that are just the nature of our business in terms of hiring somebody to operate a train. That is about a six month process. So, we have to by nature when we are planning crews look out 6, 12, 18 months. And when we are talking about capital planning or locomotive acquisitions those lead times get longer. So it all begins with our business planning process and making sure that we have tight connectivity between what Eric and the commercial team are seeing and then how we are boiling that into a transportation plan and the resources necessary to run it.  Every time we see a significant shift in volume, whether it is significant growth or significant shrink we try to learn from that situation. As we are going into 2016 we think our business planning process is tighter, we think our connectivity between what Eric sees in the marketplace and secondary and tertiary indicators of demand more of that is being absorbed into our estimating process. And so I shouldn’t miss the opportunity to talk about also doing a better job of shrinking some of the timelines let's say in terms of hiring and bringing a crew on board or acquiring equipment. We are also better candidly at when we have to store equipments, storing it quickly and efficiently and we are also better at trying to find the right mix of the right employee base where they are located and training them for alternative jobs. So we are just getting a little better in all those ways and that adds up I think into a better posture overall. 
Lance M. Fritz: Ken it is hard for me to speak and predict on whether the economy is going into a recession. Certainly our volume drop off as the 2015 year progressed quarter to quarter and as we are entering 2016 is dramatic and it is dramatic in historical reference but it is nothing, it is not approaching what we experienced in 2008 to 2009. I will tell again, a 6% decrease year-over-year and a quarterly 6%, 7%, 8%, 9% decrease year-over-year is pretty dramatic volume change. 
Lance M. Fritz: Ken we do not support mergers or consolidation in the current environment. We think that the regulatory outcomes, the regulatory impact would be substantial. The Service Transportation Board has been clear. That in the next merger that they consider it has to enhance competition not just maintain it. It has to improve operations for customers and they also have to consider downstream impacts whether one merger triggers a string of consolidations. We’ve shared with you, we are focused on safety, we are focused on efficiency, we are focused on an excellent customer experience. We don’t think a merger enhances those efforts. Matter of fact we think it would have a negative impact on service and be a headwind disincentive to capital investment. 
Lance M. Fritz: Yeah Matt, I think if you go back historically and go back to the '80s when really the Powder River Basin franchise was developed for us certainly in addition to our competitor, I think it’s been roughly call it a 55-45 split over time and as opposed to the 50-50. But we don’t look at markets in terms of what share we have in a market. We look at it in terms of what's the value of that market, what's the value of that franchise where we think we have value, a value proposition to offer the market and we sell our value proposition and we are comfortable with the outcome in terms of the business that we win or lose based on the value proposition that we sell.
Lance M. Fritz: What we are comfortable with Matt, is the diversity of our franchise. Coal remains a nice book of business for us, generates an attractive return, that’s how we look at all of our book of business in terms of can we generate an attractive return and we invest for that and we price for that. And I think our track record speaks for itself. We’ve done a pretty fair job of making that happen. 
Lance M. Fritz: John in addition to saying we don’t support rail mergers at this time we’ve also said we’re paying close attention to the situation, we’re monitoring it and as things evolve we’ll do what is in the best interest of our shareholders and our stakeholders. If you look at our capital structure we are in a solid position strategically if we had to do anything. But what we are focused on right now is that in the current environment we think mergers are not in the interest of our customers and just monitoring that and keeping close tabs on it. 
Lance M. Fritz: I will make one quick comment and that is what we saw in 2015 was both cost coming out because of volume getting the structure right and a much more fluid network in the second half of the year generating excellent productivity opportunities. 
Lance M. Fritz: I don’t think Rob said that. I think he said we are going to generate cash, we have got room in our balance sheet and we will see how the year plays out.
Lance M. Fritz: Sami, this is Lance. We in the third quarter of last year and into the fourth quarter we announced and executed an involuntary force reduction on our non-agreement to our management ranks and that has been executed. And then as we look forward, we continue to look for opportunity to get our overall structure sized right for the markets that we are serving. Attrition is our friend in that effort. We typically get an attrition rate of 7% or 8% a year and we will use that to our advantage as and if we need to continue to adjust our overall structural cost. 
Lance M. Fritz: Eric? Unidentified Company Representative  We did in both the prepared remarks and I think in the materials that were sent out, we…
Lance M. Fritz: Thank you Rob and thank you all for your questions and interest in Union Pacific. We look forward to talking with you again in April. 
Cameron A. Scott: Thanks Eric and good morning. Starting with our safety performance of our full year reportable personal injury rate improved 11% versus 2014 to a record low of 0.87. Successfully finding and addressing risk in the work place is clearly having a positive impact as we achieve annual records on our way to an incident free environment.  With respect to rail equipments incidents or derailments, our reportable rate increased 14% to 3.42, driven by an increase in yard and industrial reportables. While our reportable rate took a step backwards in 2015, we are confident that our strategy aimed at eliminating human factor incidents and hardening our infrastructure will lead to improved results going forward.  In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate improved 3% versus 2014 to 2.28. We continue to focus on reinforcing public awareness through community partnerships and public safety campaigns to drive improvements in the future.  Moving onto network performance, after making a step function improvement in our operating metrics during the third quarter we have continued to make solid incremental progress. As reported to the AAR, velocity and terminal dwell improved 13% and 5% respectively when compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. Record fourth quarter velocity of 27 miles per hour was at the best ever at a level of volume handled during the quarter.  In fact the last quarter we ran at this velocity was six years ago when our network was handling 7% fewer car loads. The strength and resiliency of our network allowed us to mitigate the impact from flooding events in the Eastern portion of our network during late December thereby minimizing service delays to our customers. But while we have made significant improvement in our metrics we know there is still more work to do as the team continues a relentless approach to further improve service and reduce cost.  While we noted back in October that our resources were more closely in line with demand at that time, further declines in volume prompted us to make additional resource adjustments in the fourth quarter. In addition to adjusting to lower volumes, our improvement in network performance has translated into fewer recruits, lessening resource demands of our network.  By the end of the year, we had around 3,900 TE&Y employees either furloughed or an alternative work status compared with 2,700 at the end of the third quarter. Overall, our total TE&Y workforce was down 18% in the fourth quarter versus the same period in 2014. Around half of this decrease was driven by fewer employees in the training pipeline. Our active locomotive fleet was down 13% from the fourth quarter of 2014. As always, we'll continue to adjust our workforce levels and equipment fleet as volume and network performance dictates.  In addition to efficiently rightsizing our resource base, we also realized gains on other productivity initiatives such as train length. While we are unable to overcome the volume decline within intermodal, we ran record train lengths in all other major categories. We were also able to generate efficiency gains within terminals as productivity initiatives led to record terminal productivity even with an 8% decline in the number of cars switched.  In addition to process improvements, capital investments have also enhanced our ability to generate productivity and increased the fluid capabilities of our network. In total, we invested $4.3 billion in our 2015 capital program. For 2016, we are targeting around $3.75 billion pending final approval by our Board of Directors. More than half of our planned 2016 capital investment is replacement spending to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets and to improve the safety and resiliency of the network. The plan includes 230 locomotives as part of a previous purchase commitment. This commitment wraps up with the acquisition of an additional 70 units in 2017. We also plan to invest an additional $375 million in positive train control during 2016. In summary, we finished 2015 on a solid note. In 2016 we are carrying that momentum forward as we continue to focus on those critical initiatives that would drive future improvement. Above all, this includes safety, where we expect once again to yield record results on a way towards zero incidents.  In the face of uncertain volume environment, we will continue to adjust our resources to demand while also focusing on other productivity initiatives to further reduce costs. And where growth opportunities arise, we will leverage that growth to the bottom line to increase utilization of existing assets. As a result, we will create value for our customers with an excellent customer experience. With that, I will turn it over to Rob.
Cameron A. Scott: Scott, just a little point of detail. At the tail end of many years, there is a lot of moving parts that affect headcount, the absolute headcount number. But the average is the one that’s most useful.
Cameron A. Scott: We are going to continue to match headcount to whatever the volume situation is. The other thing to note is headcount comes in and out on capital programs as for instance in the winter time we start shutting down capital spend because of the weather and spooling it backup in the spring. There is just a lot of moving parts quarter-to-quarter sequentially.
Cameron A. Scott: Recall Tom first quarter of 2015, we grew frac sand shipments, coal was still relatively healthy, grain was healthier than what we saw as the year progressed into later quarters. So markets have really changed pretty dramatically from the first quarter of 2015. 
Cameron A. Scott: Coal is about the only program that is nearly optimized although there is opportunities still within coal. Every other commodity group has plenty of train size productivity opportunity and you will see us continuing to make progress, balancing customer needs along the way.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Yeah, I would say, basically, effectively zero. I mean, there might be a tad bit of little carryover, but I think for your modeling purposes, those are pretty much behind us.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Yes the big driver, I mean volume obviously is our friend and I guided as you picked up that we expect full year volume to be slightly down. We’d obviously like to see that improve from there but given that slightly down sort of view of the world and a positive improving operating ratio is our conviction around our ability and our focus on continuing to drive productivity and our ability to continue to provide quality service to our customers enables us to get price in the marketplace. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Chris, I mean and the reason that I am not giving earnings guidance is because of all those unknowns. We are confident we can control what we can control which again is the productivity, quality of service, continue to drive positive price but there is so much uncertainty at this point in time in terms of what the absolute volumes will be and what the mix of those volumes will play out. So, that’s why we are not at a position right now to give earnings guidance but I assure you we are focused on driving improvement on every aspect that we can and we certainly would like to see as positive results as we can drive.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: I mean Chris, as we’ve said all along and I’ll say it here again for 2016 is that volume will drive what our headcount ultimately is although there is still productivity. So volumes are slightly down. I would expect that we would have down headcount driven by volume and layering on our expectation of driving further productivity. So it will flow with directionally with what volume is but we are very focused getting to see what the mix actually plays out, very focused on driving productivity in those numbers and being as efficient as we can. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Allison, this is Rob. I mean I can’t give you and not giving guidance on the earnings. So I mean I get the point of your question but really the driver will be what's the mix, what volumes actually move, and etc. But I can just assure you that there is obviously a tipping point at some point, if that were to go so negative it would flip the other -- flip negative. But we are going to squeeze out productivity and continue to drive price where we can and so I can’t give you a direct answer as to where that tipping point is. But we are focused on regardless of what the volume is on controlling what we can and driving positive OR and earnings.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Basically that guidance or that view of the world Scott, that where I say it’s slightly down is a year-over-year assumption at this point in time. And again full year. And again, what will drive that is what the ultimate volumes end up being.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: That is correct. Now nothing would please us more than to see the economy turn and things are going to go favorable. So we are going to fight like heck to do the best we can. But yes, you are correct. At this point in time, we do not see record earnings.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Yes. But as you know, we don’t set our prices based on what current year inflation numbers are. And as has been pointed out we’ve discussed here today we priced the market. Every market is a little bit different. We clearly don’t have the benefit of the calling half point legacy renewal that we’d enjoyed in 2016 but having said all of that yes we are still focused on pricing above inflation. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Let me just start off and Eric may want to comment further and to maybe more specific, but this is Rob. I would just say that Tom to your point we clearly are highlighting and as you know that the comps particularly, the first quarter is particularly challenging and that’s why we are calling out the down volume in the first quarter in coal clearly you know 20% or so range. So the comps do change throughout the year but our view of the world right now is that the energy environment which impacts our coal impacts our shale impacts our metals. It supports the shale activity on top of the continuing strong dollar. Those are going to continue to be hurdles and pressures for us. But the comps do change as the year plays out and I think that’s what's driving sort of maybe the math that you are wrestling with. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Tom, this is Rob again. I would say again as you know we don’t and is very difficult, in fact frankly impossible to precisely predict exactly what mix is going to be. But I would say just sort of directionally if you look at the full year mix impact in 2015 it was about 1.5 negative and you are right, the fourth quarter was particularly bad at down at 4. We do expect to still see mix headwinds as 2016 plays out. I don’t anticipate that it would be for the full year as bad as we saw in the fourth quarter. We do have a comp challenge in the first quarter but as the year plays out things should get easier and while mix will be headwinds for the full year it should sort of get better than what we saw in the first quarter, we’ll see in the first quarter and what we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Yes, Matt you are right. I mean our expectation coming off of certainly with last year's low number from cash flow that we will hopefully positively generate increase in cash flow. And yes, we’ll continue our philosophy of being opportunistic in the marketplace as it relates to shares. So I would expect that we will continue to do that. And as I called out by the way in the third quarter that was a high watermark if you will that we’ve seen at least in modern times of the rate of which we were buying back shares and that clearly was not our ratable rate in terms of shares. But we were opportunistic in terms of when we buy and how much we buy and that attitude and that philosophy will continue in 2016. But if we can generate stronger levels of cash that gives us greater opportunities and as we continue to walk up our debt to EBITDA as we said and as we have, it gives us further opportunity. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Justin, I would just add, this is Rob, I would just add that kind of what gives us the confidence that marker that I would point you to is our improvement in our operating ratio throughout the full year and I am confident that we will continue to do that. In terms of at what pace we can do it, when they were all about doing it as quickly and as efficiently and safely as we can but what will drive sort of the timing of that productivity as we move with volumes is going to be the mix of factors and the timing of when do our volume changes. And as you know throughout 2015, the first half we are kind of chasing volume down and then we were able to sort of take advantage as things neutralize or straighten out a little bit in the back half. And so that will be a factor too in terms of what volume swings may or may not occur. But we are focused on squeezing out productivity as on everything we do and that's all I can point you to is that we will look at every stone and uncover it and look for opportunities. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Rob, the reason I am not giving guidance on the earnings is because there are so many uncertainties of which mix by the way is another headwind I would remind you of that. I did call out and that will dictate I think in large part exactly how this year plays out. So with all the uncertainties out there, we are going to certainly focus and fight like heck to take advantage of whatever the economy plays us to turn in as positive of earnings and returns and cash generation as we can. But we are not giving guidance as to exactly what the earnings will end up being for the year. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Yes Jeff, I would just remind you that guidance that we have given which we are comfortable with is working towards that debt to EBITDA of 2x and we have said sort of that is marker out there. I think we still have a little bit of a room from the improvement we made on that metric in 2015. So I would expect that we will continue to march forward if you will and as I pointed out, we do expect largely because of a reduction in and we hope to generate stronger cash on the front end but we also have the benefit of lower CAPEX and the benefit of the bonus depreciation that I outlined. So, and we may do debt this year. When we look at that that would not be an unrealistic expectation that you will see us take on additional debt this year. All of that gives us additional -- gives us opportunities to generate stronger free cash flow and gives us opportunities to continue to be opportunistic in the marketplace.
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Yeah, I didn’t put a number on the full year but it could well be a headwind. I did call out that the first quarter, remember that we had about $0.08 of positive last year. So, we clearly have that as a hurdle facing us as the first quarter continues to play out. Of course how fuel and the timing within an quarter will dictate exactly what that number ends up being year-over-year. But we do see that as a headwind certainly in the first quarter and could continue at some pace throughout the year. 
Robert M. Knight, Jr: Well as I said those are publically seen and the calculations for those you probably have an accurate calculation. 
Eric L. Butler: Yeah, Rob. As we indicated, we still we always expect our highway conversion strategy which we are firmly focused on to continue to drive growing domestic intermodal volumes. And so, we continue to see growing domestic intermodal volumes despite headwinds from Triple Crown and other things that occur all the time. We do expect as I called out to see headwinds on the international intermodal side, just because of all of what's going on with the trends in simple [ph] trade in the China markets. But on the domestic intermodal side, we continue to see our strategy working, which is growing volumes through highway conversions.
Eric L. Butler: Yes I am not sure there is much else I would add to that. I would say the consumer is spending, there is consumer confidence, household income is going up. There appear to be a shift between consuming on products or goods, spending on services. There does appear to be that shift so it does some of the changes is impacting our business and the industrial space. 
Eric L. Butler: Hey Scott, this is Eric. So I cannot speak to what the BN does with pricing strategy. They do their own independent strategy and I cannot speak to what they do. We continue to hold on our strategy of pricings for our value. We are driving a value proposition that we want to be an industry superior value proposition and we are going to price accordingly for that. We do think that there are places in the market and the economy that are growing and we think that those provide value for us to continue to price according to our long held strategy.
Eric L. Butler: Yes, this Eric, Jason. So, a big reason as you know for kind of the shrinkage in truck pricing is fuel is coming down which is a major cause. So, our customers are also seeing a cost reduction benefit as fuel goes down because of the fuel surcharge going down. So they are seeing that natural cost reduction benefit. So the gap if you will between the value proposition for intermodal rail service versus truck I think that, that gap is still there in terms of intermodal providing a value proposition to manufacturers. We have talked in the past about just by laws of physics steel wheel on steel rail is a lower costing, rubber tire on asphalt or concrete. So there still is a value proposition there that we think gives us a leverage to continue to drive highway conversions which we demonstrated in 2015 and we are going to continue to focus on in 2016.
Eric L. Butler: Oh, we don’t give volume guidance for 2016. I think if you look at the Ag markets overall I think the Ag producers are expecting pretty good yields for 2016 of course depending on weather and number of acres planned in all of that. Maybe not record levels but pretty good levels. I think a large factor will depend on worldwide Ag production, strong dollar, and how competitive U.S. Ag is. In worldwide market there is a lot of corn, a lot of wheat in storage right now. And presumably as U.S. Ag becomes more competitive pricing wise in worldwide markets that's got to move and when that does move, presumably we as a transportation provider will have a benefit in moving in. 
Eric L. Butler: Brian historically Mexico produced about 1.7 million vehicles. I think full year 2015 the number is probably closer to about 2.9 million vehicles. I’ll call it 17.5 that were sold with all of the plant expansions and new plants I think it is on its way to 4 million or 4.5 million in the next call it year and a half to two years. As it has been said we have a great franchise for Mexico and we think that that will be a strong part of our business portfolio going into the future. As always, the issue is when the sales drive total volume and so our total volume will be aligned with whatever sales are. And our strategy is to have a franchise to move it wherever it is manufactured.
Eric L. Butler: We are hearing nothing specific from our shippers surrounding the Chinese New Year to disclose here. I would say that every BCO is looking at rationalizing their inventories because they expect the holiday season higher than I think expected on inventories with sluggish retail sales. I think across the Board you hear every customer talking about trying to right size their inventories. 
Eric L. Butler: I am not quite sure what you are asking. If you are asking about our pricing strategy and we don’t really talk publically about our pricing strategy. We have historically said we don’t think philosophically that need to tie transportation to slings in commodity markets, you have said that philosophically but we don’t talk about our pricing strategy publically. 
Eric L. Butler: Yes, again that we don’t talk publically about our pricing strategy. We don’t talk about what are -- how our prices developed. 
Eric L. Butler: Our length of haul is down slightly this year and again it is other things that we have been talking about in terms of the mix headwinds with our coal business, some of the mix headwinds with our frac sand business, our long haul grain export business, those are all mixed factors that has impacted our length of haul which was down slightly this year. 
Eric L. Butler: Cleo I’ll focus the answer on your question about not seeing the benefits of low oil. There is multiple moving parts in there. We are seeing capital investment occurring specifically along the Gulf Coast in our chemical franchise. Those investments just haven't yet turned over into operating units and so that’s a matter of time. That’s an end of this year 2017-2018 kind of impact. We are still hopeful for that impact. The other part of it is consumers doing something with the windfall of lower energy cost and that’s where it is really hard to see that showing through in the goods that we shipped for retailers. And their feedback is while maybe services consumption is relatively healthy, goods consumption isn't necessarily showing that. 
Eric L. Butler: Our business has a wonderful franchise that we’ve talked about. One of the wonderful parts of that is this Gulf Coast franchise. And with low natural gas as a feedstock to many of those manufacturers that’s a benefit to them and we think ultimately will be something we can participate when they increase production. 
Eric L. Butler: David, I am with Rob, I would just remind you and others that remember we have some 60 plus different surcharge mechanisms that have different starting points, different components, different timing mechanism around them so it is very difficult to draw any kind of a straight line conclusion. But clearly at these low prices some of them are totally new edge. 
