Lance Fritz: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Union Pacific's third quarter earnings conference call. With me here today in Omaha are Eric Butler, Chief Marketing Officer; Cameron Scott, Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Knight, Chief Financial Officer. This morning Union Pacific is reporting net income of $1.1 billion for the third quarter of 2016. This equates to $1.36 per share, which compares to $1.50 in the third quarter of 2015. Total volume decreased 6% in the quarter compared to 2015. Carload volume declined in five of our six commodity groups, with coal and industrial products both down double-digits. Agricultural product volumes were up a robust 11% this quarter versus 2015 as grain shipments finally started to show some strength. The quarterly operating ratio came in at 62.1%, which was up 1.8 percentage points from the record third quarter last year, but improved 3.1 percentage points from the second quarter of this year. Continued momentum from our productivity initiatives, as well as positive core pricing helped partially offset the decline in total carload volumes. While many of the same volume challenges have continued throughout the year, we are keeping a laser focus on our six value tracks. This strategy ensures we provide our customers with an excellent value proposition and service experience, while efficiently and safely managing our resources. Our team will give you more of the details, starting with Eric.
Lance Fritz: Thank you, Rob. As the team has articulated here this morning we continue to experience a difficult, but improving market environment in the third quarter. While we were pleased to see improving volumes in some of our business lines such as grain and coal, many of our markets still remained at volume levels below a year ago.  The macroeconomic environment still has its challenges and unstable global economy, the relatively strong U.S. dollar and continued soft demand for consumer goods. However, certain segments of the economy are showing signs of life. A recent rally in energy prices has crude oil over $50 a barrel and natural gas over $3 per million btu, which are both encouraging for our coal and shale-related businesses.  We are also pleased to see strength in the overall grain market. With the record harvest currently underway we are well-positioned with our network and resources to serve an increase in demand from our Ag customers.  Closing out 2016 and heading into next year, we’re optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead. In the coming months, we will continue to do what Union Pacific does best, operate a safe, efficient, and productive network while providing an excellent customer experience and delivering solid shareholder returns. With that, let’s open up the line for your questions.
Lance Fritz: Cherilyn this is Lance. What Eric just outlined is indicative of the franchise strength that the Union Pacific brings to the industry. We've got breadth and coverage in a number of markets that allow us visibility into potential match backs.
Lance Fritz: Hi Tom, this is Lance. Clearly an environment where natural gas price is increasing, put it north of $3.50 or so and where weather is favorable and where the stock piles have been worked down that is a better pricing and competitive environment that not. So it helps.
Lance Fritz: You know Jason we don't give any guidance on price. Clearly, as we've outlined a little bit here this morning, there are certain markers that make the competitive environment better for pricing. Any time, for instance capacity and alternative modes tightens up that's good. Demand for the core underlying commodities as it increases that’s good. So you just got to keep your eye on what's happening with for instance natural gas prices and stockpiles and weather in the cold world. What's happening on import demand and the financial help of our international intermodal ocean carriers that helps? What happens for industrial production in the United States that helps? What's happening to truck capacity, alternative modes that helps? So all of those are helpful environment for our pricing.
Lance Fritz: Let me start Brandon, this is Lance and I’ll remind you that we have confidence, extreme confidence in our ability to continually find opportunities to be more efficient, reduce waste, and increase the value that we are adding. I’ll ask Cameron just to give us a handful of examples of things we're working on when we are going into next year, but our bucket is full of opportunity to be better.
Lance Fritz: Exactly. And even little things like see [ph] rates that improved 2% year-over-year here, there is plenty of opportunities we look forward to become world-class if you will and in consumption rate for diesel, so there is just a host of issues there Brandon that we can continue to work on.
Lance Fritz: Scott our philosophy is not changing and as a matter of fact, our top line this quarter reflects that it’s not changing. We are pursuing business in the marketplace that we can price for the value that we represent and that’s re-investable. And if we can't find that we walk away from it. So nothing has changed about that philosophy.
Lance Fritz: Just exactly what we’ve said this morning, which is our pricing philosophy is that we’re looking for markets and opportunities where we can price for the value that we represent and if we can't find that and have it re-investable we’ll keep searching. As markets improve, as the competitive environment improves that should translate into an environment where we have more opportunities than not, but our philosophy, our way of conducting business is not going to change.
Lance Fritz: One thing to note, you can get to that days inventory reduction adjustment a number of ways. If you think about what's happening in the coal world in a different perspective, on a stock level of qualitative million tons of SPRB coal we are about 3 million tons higher year-over-year and that represents as Eric says about 25 days of burn. So, it really doesn't take much in both how much you have in stock and how much you’re burning to affect that day’s ratio. You can get there in a number of ways.
Lance Fritz: Yes John, this is Lance. You are right, the dollar has been strong. We don't make prediction about what the dollar is going to be going forward, but you got to believe all reasonable expectations are it’s going to remain strong. In order to change that you need real acceleration in the global market, which would enhance the strength of other currencies and there is just not a lot of catalyst that you see for that. To your point, a strong dollar does make exports difficult however. Even in today's world you see for instance grain exporting of Pacific North-west and the Gulf Coast and into Mexico despite a strong dollar, so market conditions can still prompt commodity movement in global trade. And the other thing to note is that the U.S. is unique in its ability for its manufacturing base to figure out how to be globally competitive over time. I think the shale energy revolution is indicative of that. Where a couple of years ago people would say $70 a barrel shale oil was competitive and in today's world they say no that’s maybe more like $50 a barrel. So, there’s a lot of moving parts there, clearly we would prefer an acceleration in the global economy which would prompt more global trade, which would mean more U.S. exports that all would be really helpful to us.
Lance Fritz: Yeah Walter, this is Lance. So, again I won’t compare ourselves to our peers. We are a unique railroad. When we began the year, we were hopeful we were going to make OR improvement. The topline went away from us as Rob said a little more aggressively than we had anticipated. If you think about our ability to improve OR over the long run we are still confident that we can do it that’s shown in our - maintaining the guidance for a plus minus 60 in 2019. We did start the year with very low operating ratio, it’s still an attractive operating ratio, we’re not pleased that we didn't have the opportunity to improve it this year and again we are just laser focused on all the activity necessary to continue to improve our margins for our shareholders.
Lance Fritz: Thank you Rob, and thank you all for your questions and interest in Union Pacific. We’re looking forward to another conversation with you in January.
Cameron Scott: Thanks Eric and good morning. Starting with our safety performance, our year-to-date reportable personal injury rate improved 16% versus 2015 to a record low of 0.77. Included in this was a record low number of severe injuries, which have the greatest human and financial impact.  Although we continue to make significant improvement, we won't be satisfied until we reach our goal of zero incidents getting every one of our employees home safely at the end of each day. With respect to rail equipment incidents or derailments, our year-to-date reportable rate of 3.13 improved 4% versus last year.  While we made only a slight improvement on the reportable rate, enhanced TE&Y training and continued infrastructure investment helped significantly reduce the absolute number of incidents, including those who did not meet the reportable threshold to a new record low. In public safety, our grade crossing incident rate increased 13% to 2.55. We continue to focus on driving improvement by reinforcing public awareness through various channels, including public safety campaigns and community partnerships.  Moving to network performance. While the California wildfires and flooding along various parts of our network created some challenges during the quarter, our network proved resilient as we continue to achieve solid operating performance. Effective use of our surge locomotive fleet and TE&Y workforce were critical to minimize the impact of these network challenges.  As reported to the AAR, velocity improved 2% when compared to the third quarter of 2015. Terminal dwell also improved 2%, but the benefits of a food network were somewhat offset by productivity gains such as longer train lengths and other network management initiatives.  Moving on to resources, as part of our ongoing business planning process, we continue to adjust resource levels to account for volume changes and productivity gains. As a result, our total TE&Y workforce was down 14% when compared to the same quarter last year, but up 2% sequentially from the second quarter to efficiently handle the 8% volume increase experienced since the end of June.  We also continue to evaluate all other aspects of the business with a goal of driving productivity throughout the organization. This includes the rightsizing of our engineering and mechanical workforce, which was down a combined 1,900 employees or 9% versus the third quarter of last year.  Our active locomotive fleet was down 9% from the third quarter of 2015, but up 2% sequentially to handle the increase in carloads. As you know, we’ve been planning for the acquisition of 230 new locomotives this year.  We now expect that number to be 200 locomotives this year with the delivery of 30 units delayed into 2017. This would add to the 70 units previously scheduled in 2017 for a total of 100 next year. We are adjusting our 2016 capital program down about $100 million to just under $3.6 billion, primarily driven by this change in locomotive deliveries.  Turning to network productivity, while we remain focused on effectively balancing our resources, we also continue to realize efficiency gains through several productivity initiatives. Train length is a significant productivity driver and a primary focus area for us. During the quarter, our manifest and grain networks ran at all-time record train length levels, while our automotive network set a third quarter of record.  Re-crew rate, a cost incurred when the first crew had insufficient time to complete the trip is an indicative measure of the fluidity and productivity of our network. Our third quarter re-crew rate was 2.3%, a near 2 point improvement from 2015 and a third quarter record.  As we move forward, we expect our safety strategy will continue yielding positive results on our way to an incident free environment. And where growth opportunities arise we’ll leverage that growth to the bottom-line to increase utilization of existing assets, while maintaining our intense focus on productivity and efficiency across the network. With that I'll turn it over to Rob.
Cameron Scott: Tom as we've opened up the door now to the productivity in your question, I just want to give recognition to the entire UP team who have done a tremendous job in a reduced volume environment of finding ways to grow, for instance manifest train size 5% year-over-year that’s a phenomenal effort, and that’s just one of many in terms of finding productivity on the network. I think the team has done a tremendous job in creating productivity in a pretty difficult environment.
Cameron Scott: If I could just add to Eric's comments Jason, just kind of remind you and everyone else, you know our thesis from this point over the longer period is a positive volume environment and you look out the - as Eric just pointed out, you look at the unique diverse opportunities of our franchise while we are giving precise volume guidance for next year, but we do feel there is great opportunity for us to continue to leverage and over the longer period of time for us to have volume on the positive side of the ledger certainly.
Cameron Scott: Yes that's an accurate statement. Generally speaking, we got to be playing in multiple markets, but that’s a fairly accurate statement.
Cameron Scott: On train size, the only commodity group that is truly optimized or nearly optimized is coal. Every single commodity that we have out there from manifest to automotive to intermodal to grain or rock all has tremendous opportunities for us to continue with the results that you have seen, so we feel confident that that is going to happen in 2017. The record all-time re-crew rate from a process perspective we feel like we have well in hand and we should continue to see that into 2017 and 2018. And we work on other initiatives like rationalizing our little horsepower for you. We've done a great job of moving to single unit local operations versus two units. There’s a number of initiatives that we have. We’re truly, we're just getting started in framing up the opportunity and getting ready to realize it as we step into the New Year.
Rob Knight: Yeah, Ken what I commented in the quarter was around 17 million of projects that were started that we have chosen to not pursue and so we’re taking adjustments there. So, I think if you look longer term that’s a number that is not going to repeat, I mean we occasionally will have situations like that, but I think it’s safe to assume that that’s a number similar to the Hanjin receivable write-off that I mentioned that are not going to repeat in that line item. In terms of the cost, we are confident that we are well situated both on locomotives and employees to leverage the volume that we hope does materialize. So we've got fewer people in training line because we've got so many people if you will in furlough status at this point. So, we feel very good about our ability to and we'd love nothing more than to see volume pickup and be able to put resources back to work.
Rob Knight: Ravi this is Rob, let me answer that. I mean clearly long-term that is still our goal. The one thing with these challenges and opportunities that Eric just outlined, you know one things that we haven't finalized yet, but as we look into 2017, at this stage it looks like global insights inflationary numbers are like 2.5% and our number may well be above that from an inflationary standpoint, largely driven by the health and welfare costs on our labor lines. So, still some work to play out there, but longer term absolutely we are as committed as ever to driving that price.
Rob Knight: Yeah, so Tom you are asking a couple of different things here, as you know there are always a variety of market conditions that impact price transportation capacity availability and availability on transportation networks for other commodities, as you know competition, weather there are a lot of things, natural gas prices that will effect coal. We are positive that the use of coal should be increasing in the mid-term, if you just look at, again the competition against natural gas, if you look at the economic pick up and the use of energy we are confident that the use of coal should be picking up in the near mid-term and we saw that in the second to third quarter in terms of the sequential use of coal. We will continue to price for re-investible returns based on the value of service that we provide and we are confident in that strategy, we are confident in the value that we are providing and we are going forward.
Rob Knight: Yes Tom. This won't surprise you, but we won't give guidance on the actual incremental margins, but everything you said are certainly opportunities. I mean as you know our G55 and Zero initiatives which are some 15 different areas and our view is we’re looking at every single cost bucket in the entire company and attacking it aggressively with an eye on safety and efficiency and customer values. So, I would just answer that question by saying the scenario you outlined where there is positive volume and a reasonably positive economic environment would give us an outstanding opportunity to continue to drive productivity and staying away from an actual incremental margin calculation we would expect it to be a positive contributor. And by the way for us to go from where we are today to our 60 plus or minus by 2019 and with an eye on getting to 55 or so we're going to have a very healthy incremental margins from here to there. So we're going to certain certainly go after it.
Rob Knight: Yes Brandon. I mean your comment is right that we have always said and we do believe that we can make improvements in the operating ratio in spite of the lack of volume growth. And in fact if you look at over the last decade, you know we have taken almost 25 points of our operating ratio without the benefit of positive volume over that time frame. I would say that you are exactly right though, here in the short term this year I would say that the major driver of not likely improving the operating ratio this year is the pace of which we've been chasing volume down. I mean it’s, we never have perfect visibility as to where that volume is going to trough and that makes it difficult so we are always kind of chasing if you will and I think that’s really the answer to what you've seen this year. So as we look forward I think it’s still a fair assumption and it is certainly our drive that we expect to make improvements in our operating ratio in spite of what the economy deals us in terms of what happens with volume now. Having said that as we look out over the next several years we do have volume in our thesis on the positive side of the ledger, but we’re going to not use that as an excuse not to make continued productivity improvements.
Rob Knight: Yes Scott, my point on the inflationary comment is, we do expect inflation to go back up if you will to more normal levels versus the below inflation, below normal levels that we enjoyed this year and again 2.5 global insight are numbers because of health and welfare costs might be higher than that, so my point on that is simply to say not unusual against historical numbers, but we do expect inflationary pressures to be back to sort of normal conditions if you will.
Rob Knight: I would say no. I mean it’s not mechanical as you know the way we price and we play in so many different markets that they are not - it's not a cookie-cutter, it is not a one size fits all, and as Eric outlined. There are opportunities for us to achieve stronger prize than other areas in the short-term, but we will continue to drive service, drive value and price at minimum of re-investable levels as Eric outlined in spite of what that inflationary number turns out to be. So, I would say they are disconnected if you will in terms of the day-to-day pricing initiatives that we take.
Rob Knight: Yes Scott, I think if you sum up pricing as you know is in public tariff, which is publicly available and I think you would see some of that sequential increase in pricing in the public available tariffs that mirror kind of the demand that’s picking up in grain. I think you will also see in some of the secondary markets huge increases in kind of the value in the secondary markets for equipment for grain, so some of that is yet public visibility too and I think if you look at those public things you would see pricing going with the demand increases.
Rob Knight: Yes, I guess I would answer that by saying it’s hard to say, I mean I can't give guidance as to what that gap may be, but certainly the way I look at is overall as diesel fuel prices increase we will work hard and have good mechanisms in place to continue to - there may be a timing difference, but our surcharge is in place. So from a net impact we work hard to minimize that, but I can't predict exactly what the delta to the spot will be.
Rob Knight: Yes, Justin you know as you probably are on top of your - comps get a little bit easier if you will in the fourth quarter number one and number two we can continue to drive the productivity initiatives that we've been successful with this year and volumes get easier and if volumes stay kind of flattish as I outlined in my comments, say even flattish with where they are now, we would see the fourth quarter gap over previous year narrowing. So, having said all that, again without giving specific precise guidance on the OR for the quarter we certainly have an opportunity to do that.
Rob Knight: Justin this is Rob, we don't break it out that way, but I would just tell you, I mean again as you've heard me say many times, we don't have just a simple cookie-cutter one price fits all, so all of our markets that we enjoy and again we have more markets because of the diversity of our franchise then many, it gives us opportunities and it’s - the pricing opportunities for us are very diverse, but having said that we don't break out the way you are asking it.
Rob Knight: Yes Chris, I mean just a couple of comments I would make. Number one as I think you and others know we have about 25% of our business if you will that is affected by a list. So over a longer period of time that mechanism sort of may be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, but over a longer period of time it tends to reflect what’s happening with rail inflation number one, but I guess I would more broadly say and remind folks the way we calculate price and as you all have heard me say for many years, I’m very proud of the fact that we are very conservative in terms of how we calculate price, it is not a same store sales kind of number, it is a mathematical calculation of how many dollars we yielded in that particular quarter from our pricing actions and the denominator is our an entire book of business. So, it includes contracts that perhaps we didn’t touch certainly in the quarter for pricing. So, having said that there tends to be a little bit of a lead lag if you will in terms of the yield dollars that come from our pricing actions, but again our focus is unchanged from what it’s been at this point in time, you’ve got a couple of markets out there that are particularly challenging, but our commitment to driving value, driving quality service and driving positive price and positive volumes - positive margins has not changed.
Rob Knight: Yes David, I mean we don't necessarily break it out exactly where you are asking other than I would just remind that overall about 25% of our book of business is touched by the a list index, but to your question of how much do we have sort of under contract or if you will kind of sized from a pricing standpoint, it’s a same answer I would have given you last quarter and that’s about 70%. I mean every day of every week we are negotiating and with the customers and negotiating our deals, so it’s not like it’s done each quarter on day one, so it’s an ongoing continuous process and roughly speaking any day of any week we have about 70% of the next 12 months business under contract or sized up.
Rob Knight: Yes we haven't changed our guidance in terms of a 60 plus or minus by 2019 and then our eyeballs on getting to a 55 and I would just say, don't read that we are like changing longer-term view in terms of our commitment to pricing, we’re not. I mean we’ve got a little bit of the bump off the road because of some of the market conditions that Eric outlined, but as we look longer-term the levers that got us to where we are today that are going to take us to that next rung on the ladder of 60 then eventually 55 or certainly we hope positive volume, but are going to be solid value to our customers, solid core pricing at re-investable levels plus and solid productivity gains.
Rob Knight: Ben, probably not, I wouldn't use that as a marker again because of the timing and these are long live assets generally speaking, but to your broader point, I’m very proud of what the team has done to continue to make progress on tightening our capital discipline and I think it’s a significant step of getting to that 15%-ish range if you will from where we have historically been. I mean there’s a lot of great productivity and a lot of great work that goes into getting to that level. So, we will get to that rung next and then we’ll see where we are at that point.
Rob Knight: Yes Walter, I guess I would remind you and everyone that we are confident in sticking with our 60 plus or minus target OR by full-year 2019 and as you have heard us talk with eyes on where do we go beyond that to the 55, so while we have put a date on the 55, but I would just say that getting to a 60 is a very enviable spot in my opinion, I mean we’ve made great progress on that. So, I would not read that this one year of perhaps not making OR improvement is a new trend or a new objective or new signal here, it’s not, I mean to get from where we are today to that 60 is going to take all the initiatives we just talked about and it is the same levers that got us 25 point improvement over the last decade. So, we're going to continue to make that progress and we haven't backed off our 60 OR guidance.
Rob Knight: I think I would stick with the guidance I gave on bonus depreciation impact this year of about $350 million. I don't think that’s not going to move much. We haven't finalized what the number is going to look like all in for 2017, but I think I would still just kind of use that assumption of 350-ish for this year.
Rob Knight: Yeah, I mean actually we've made great progress on that measure over the last several years and at this point in time the biggest opportunity we still have in front of us, which we are laser focused on is driving EBITDA, driving cash flow, and that will give us additional capacity and that’s how we are approaching it. So, we've either do have room as we grow our earnings and grow our cash flow.
Rob Knight: No, I think the Panama Canal story is what we’ve been saying for the last several years and certainly I think the last couple of quarters we’ve been mentioning that the amount of traffics hitting the West Coast versus the East Coast did - there was traffic that moved to the East Coast because of the strike and BCO’s trying to diversify their risk and not be dependent upon the West Coast. We did see that phenomena. We have seen some of that business start to come back, but it hasn’t all come back from before the strike. That has probably been a larger factor than any Canal opening factor. The fact that the BCOs are diversifying their flows and a lot of ways just to not have that risk. Having said all of that we do believe, I do believe that the West Coast ports are the most economical, the best supply chain in terms of transit time to get goods from Asia to the interior of the country and even into the East Coast. And if you look at some of the technologies at some of the West Coast ports are employee to make themselves more efficient or timing this vehicles and things like that, I think West Coast ports are still going to be positioned to be the best supply chain factor going into the future though you will see people running to do risk mitigation strategies.
Eric Butler: As you mentioned Cherilyn there is a significant volatility going on in the international container ship business. There have been three major mergers, one bankruptcy, there are a number of other entities that are in dire or questionable financial shape. One of the things that all of the container ship companies are looking at doing is finding ways to have match backs or exports from the U.S. to Asia. One of the large historical exports has been grain and in particular the DDGs to China. We are continuing to that look at that as an opportunity to grow our business in terms of the westbound business to Asia.  We’re also really excited longer term or mid-term in terms of the opportunity to ship plastics to Asia from the expanding franchise we have in the Gulf and we think that that’s going to be an excellent opportunity for match backs also. So, we think both of those things are great opportunities. Of course, China occasionally as they have right now have tariffs or other governmental policy things that hinder imports like DDGs, but we think long-term that should be opportunity for us.
Eric Butler: Yes, I mean as we've been saying for the last several quarters, we think most of the growth will happen in 2018 and beyond. There might be a tale of a small ramp-up towards the end of 2017, but basically 2018 and beyond.
Eric Butler: Hi Ravi. So, one of the things that we're real excited about is the great franchise we have and we have a very diverse franchise. And some components of our franchise obviously as we mentioned, the energy related and the International related are facing both economic weakness conditions and also some competitive conditions. So, we've been talking about the challenges in coal, coal as you know has been greatly challenged not only a demand because of weather and other usage demands, but natural gas has been a great strong competitor to coal.  The below $2 natural gas prices has created a headwind for coal in the past. We’re excited or we think that with natural gas being above $3 now and even some of the futures market showing it in the mid-3s that that certainly will improve the competitive condition for coal, but that has clearly had an impact likewise. The three mergers, the one large bankruptcy in the international intermodal, the volatility that we talked about in previous earnings releases has created economic conditions and competitive conditions in international intermodal.  Even despite those challenges in those markets, we still have been able to put our market price at re-investable returns and we think that looking at the broadness of our portfolio we are pretty positive in the future about our ability to price for the excellent value we provide and we're going to price above re-investable returns and we have a broad portfolio of opportunities to drive that message.
Eric Butler: As you say we don't give volume guidance, but if you look at the markets that we have out there and you look at the pickup and different markets that we have. We feel pretty positive that as the economy continues to grow and is slowly strengthening. In many of our markets we feel very positive about the run rate opportunity. The one cautionary area that we have talked about before is in automotive sales, we continue to think those are cautionary, but if you look at even our Mexico franchise we had great growth in our Mexico franchise in the quarter. We still think that there are good opportunities to grow volume.
Eric Butler: If you think about Powder River Basin inventories, the five-year average as I said was the low 60, 63, 65, and right now we are still at 90. So that’s how you get to the 27 days. I do think that 60-ish number is probably right. If we have normal weather patterns and normal cold winter, if you look at the natural gas futures curve, I think right now it’s like projecting 340 in the early part of next year. That will drive the inventories down. That will drive usage of coal, coal market share in the quarter was 32%, compared to like 28% I think in the second quarter, so coal market share is grown I think, it will be in the good - placed a good position, you will see coal volumes grow, you will see the opportunity for coal pricing to grow you will see inventories go down and I think we will be in a better place.
Eric Butler: We didn't Chris, but it’s in the, call it in the low teens, it’s probably a reasonable assumption, down low teens.
Eric Butler: Yes Brian, so you knew specific I think has weathered a lot of what I call the operational fallout from the Hanjin bankruptcy fairly well. At a high level on the day they went bankrupt there roughly had about 100 ships on the inflows around the world, 40 owned, about 60 leased and they had lots of issues in terms of what to do with all of the end traffic flows, it was roughly $14 billion worth of goods and in traffic flows lots of issues about what to do with that.  We had a fairly nominal number of boxes in route on our railroad and we've been able to process all of those through - we probably have a couple of dozen left to process through from roughly probably a little over thousand on a day of bankruptcy. So, we navigated that fairly well, there are issues out there in navigating the rest of that and it is an issue for the industry and supply chain in terms of what to do with those boxes both loaded and empty in boxes on chassis what to do with those and that’s something that the industry is going to be struggling with to resolve, but for the Union Pacific side we’ve navigated that fairly well.
Eric Butler: Yeah, the stockpiles have come down, you know if you look at over the second to the third quarter the stockpiles have come down 13 days and it came down to cause the burn increase and so our volumes improved roughly 40% and the stockpiles came down because the burn increased even at a higher percent than that.
