James R. Young: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Union Pacific's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me in Omaha today are Rob Knight, our CFO; Jack Koraleski, Executive Vice President, Marketing and Sales; and Lance Fritz, our Executive Vice President of Operations. As you can see, we finished 2011 with an all-time record quarter, achieving a quarterly earnings milestone of $1.99 per share, that's a 28% increase compared to 2010. Our outstanding fourth quarter results demonstrate the capabilities of this diverse franchise and contributed to the most profitable year in Union Pacific's 150-year history.  Record top and bottom line results achieved historic marks and generated record financial returns and investments. Rob will provide the details here in the financials in a minute. We remain focused on delivering safe, efficient, high-quality service that generates value for our customers and translates into record financial returns for our shareholders. These efforts were recognized with best ever 2011 marks in customer satisfaction and employee safety.  So with that, we'll turn it over to Jack to cover the marketing details.
James R. Young: Thanks, Rob. And before I wrap up, I want to provide a quick update on National Labor negotiations. As many of you know, 10 of the 13 unions have ratified agreements, and 2 of the 3 remaining unions have tentative agreements out to their members for vote. The Brotherhood of Maintenance Way Employees is the only union without an agreement. The industry is making every effort to reach an agreement before the cooling-off period ends in February 8. We're making progress and are committed to getting a deal done.  Now, when you think about our financial outlook for this year, our outstanding 2011 performance clearly sets the stage. The bar has been raised in terms of future expectations, and I believe our prospects have never looked better. Economic indicators generally point to slow continued growth in 2012.  Excellent service though is the key to our future success, supporting our customer value proposition and helping us drive increased productivity. Our capital investment strategy will be another key part of UP's success, making investments today, building capacity for tomorrow. We believe very strongly in the opportunities to grow our financial returns in the future.  So with that, let's open it up to your questions.
James R. Young: Yes, Jason. We've -- we're obviously not giving specific numbers on those. And -- I mean if you look back in time, you can kind of get some feel for the way some of these commodities grow. And we'll -- I think you're going to continue to see in growth, kind of what we've seen this year, good, consistent growth, but on a slow basis.
James R. Young: Well, Tom, we're not going to confirm your numbers. I would be a little bit careful on how high you move it up here. Remember, some of these agreements have pricing phased in over time. You get some mix effect in here, but it will be a good year for us. I mean we said we were legacy light in 2011. We have been successful, as Jack said, renegotiating about 90% of the legacy deals. So it should be a pretty good year for us this year.
James R. Young: Yes. In terms of coal, Powder River Basin, in particular, kind of the way I think about it that might be helpful for you, Justin, is I take what I -- with the contracts that I lost, and I lay that against the contracts that I've gained, the new business and also some incremental international business, that's about a wash. That's about a breakeven for me. So when I look at coal business going forward, I'm looking right now at a very, very mild winter. I'm looking at stockpiles that are growing in November. The Powder River Basin stockpiles matched where they should be for normal. And since then, the winter weather has been relatively mild. So there's not much burn going on. So I see a stockpile issue burning or building for us that we need to work our way through. And then, we have a couple of customers that have told us to expect somewhat lower demand, and that was tied to some of the environmental regulations. Although now with staying of Casper, I think the jury is out as to just how much that will play. I think the bigger factor for us, hands down, is how hot is it going be this summer. So if the mild winter translates into a very, very hot summer, we should be okay. The other one is the low natural gas prices that are out there. That's not a real big impact for us right at the moment. But of course, you could always watch that and just see -- I mean if you saw -- I suppose if you saw natural gas prices go down to $2 and actually stay there, we could see some of the merchant plants lose some business to the grid. But typically, gas is not a big negative factor for us in our served territory.
James R. Young: On the International Intermodal, we had no peak season to speak of this year. And we've watched inventory ratios, the inventory-to-sales ratios, we kept expecting them to see some build, it never happened. There's the potential there, but there's also some questions as to just how aggressive will the retail sales be and how does that all play itself out. So we're just looking at it and saying, we're going to plan for something that's kind of a repeat of what we saw last year. Yes, it could be a little stronger for us in the second half. We will wrap that contract loss on May 1. So we'll see kind of a stronger second half, but we're not just seeing a lot of enthusiasm for a real, real strong international peak season again next year. So that's kind of how we forecasted it.
James R. Young: And Ken, keep in mind though, UP shipped total tonnage last year was about 250 million tons. So we're talking about an export market of 5 million. It's again, it's not a huge base for us. It will again as we think to the future, will also offer some consistent growth. But it is not the main driver of our coal business.
James R. Young: Ken, we're not going to get into specifics. We feel good about what we're able to accomplish. We lost some business. I said we're out of the box if we couldn't get the kind of returns we're looking for. We wouldn't handle it. And what really helped reinforce it for us is the great service and value we're providing to customers. There's no surprise that there are substantial price increases in many of those, but we also heard very clearly about the value proposition coming through. So again, we don't get individual discussions on them. It was -- feel pretty darn good about what we accomplished this year.
James R. Young: Yes Matt, this is Jim. Maybe it's the new year, you always have more hope coming into it. But I'd say our perspective in meeting with customers, we're just with one of our very large customers here a couple days ago. They're a little more bullish. Now it varies by industry. The auto industry today, they're feeling much better than they were. There's still long ways from where they were in the peak, but that could be a pretty good year. You look at some of the areas where you're still significantly off from recession. Take the -- anything related to construction. In fact, I don't -- I can't remember if we said it or not. Well we had a little bit of an increase in our lumber shipments this year. Or in 2011, we're still 60% below where we were in the peak. So when you think about housing, some of the construction, it's a little more positive this year. So again though, I think it still all fits into the perspective of we will see positive growth, it will be something kind of the slow side.
James R. Young: Bill, we compete, we compete hard. And a lot of factors come into play when you look at your decision points. It can be the routes, the capability you have, the efficiency by corridor or long-term relationships you have. I don't like that word horsetrading, because it really is one we compete hard. And I'm sure the other guys would tell you the same thing that they have some internal dynamics. They look at where's the point to walk from. So again, we've had some very tough discussions with our customers in some cases. But the key for us, Jack just said, we renegotiated successfully 90% this year of those legacy deals. An absolute key is how the customer views value from its provider. And I will tell you, I've felt very good that we're in the legacy discussions -- negotiations when you also look at we have the best customer service in the history of our company.
James R. Young: Well, John, I believe -- we talked before. I mean, we set a goal offsetting all of inflation. Now realistically, about half of it, I think, you can sustain over time. And it's going be a function of technology, it's going to be a function of process improvement. It's going be a function of leveraging volume and operations. So I don't think that's unrealistic, at a minimum offset half of your inflation number.
James R. Young: But Scott, I think there are other factors, external factors. What do you think is going to happen with capacity in the truckload sector? What's our perspective here in terms of the economy? All those come into play. We've achieved pretty darn good pricing with really a relatively weak economy. All those can come into play. So I would -- when I look at 2000 -- this year, if anything, there could be potential upside if the economy comes a little bit stronger going forward.
James R. Young: About 5% this year. We're going -- it's really a function of how we're looking at volume and the economy in the next 4 or 5 years. So again, it's still years out. I'd like to accelerate it. If I accelerates, that says the economy is much stronger, and we're much more bullish on the outlook. But right now, when you look at kind of the slow growth economy, we're in pretty good shape down there and want to keep ahead of the curve.
James R. Young: Well, I think we're a long ways from that. Here's my point, and you know we spent a lot of time up in Washington talking to members of Congress. I spent time in front of my customers. Here's the key, we just reported the greatest financial in the history of UP in 2011. And we just came out and said, we announced the single largest capital spend in the history of our company. They are connected. And when you think about the replacement cost of assets in the railroad industry, the returns have to grow. And I will tell you if we get into a situation where somebody wants to cap us at the level we're at right now, return of capital, you will see capital shrink. The math is pretty simple. So we're making bets on capital investment today under the assumption that I can continue to grow the return on invested capital. The other thing is provide great service and value to the customer. All those things are important. And I mean I'm not going to kid you, we obviously think about it. But my board has supported me in terms of the capital we're putting in, and I think we have a good story to talk with our customers.
James R. Young: We came up this year up about 3%, 1,500. We finished about 45,000. Keep in mind though, you got a split -- that 1,500 increase was split about 50/50 between capital, which includes positive train control and OE. So as our cap, you got 2 things that will drive it. Volume will drive the OE number next year, offset by some productivity. It won't be 100% offset, but the capital spend including PTC should grow that. So I would tell you at the end of the year, assuming our economic outlook plays out, you're going to see more people working at railroad this time next year than we did the year earlier.
James R. Young: Well, I didn't say it was a major driver. Although remember, we were still battling issues in Texas starting in the beginning of the first -- of the fourth quarter when you look at...
James R. Young: Well, my only point is there are a lot of factors that drove the operating ratio in the fourth quarter. The fundamental ones toward -- to me are business, our volume, our pricing and our productivity.
James R. Young: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We're looking forward to talking to you again in April. I hope what you see today with our results is the real capability and potential for the UP network. So thanks again for joining us.
Robert M. Knight: Let me start with the, maybe the first part of that question, Jason, in terms of the RCAF impact. It's about 0.5 point on our pricing, and that's been fairly consistent throughout 2011.
Robert M. Knight: Jason, this is Rob, again. In the fourth quarter, most of what you saw on the renewals were back-end loaded in the quarter.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, a couple of points I would make, Tom. Recall that labor inflation coming into the year, we said for 2011 would be -- and it was in that 4% to 5% range. We think the labor inflation will moderate below that, as I said earlier. You're right, depreciation is a bit of a headwind, as you point out. The other item I would call to your attention is other expense. And as you know, there's a lot of items in there. But one cost pressure we know we're going to face in 2012 in the other line is going to be our property taxes, which again are driven by higher earnings and volume-related costs, or some volume-related cost are in that category as well. Plus, we do face some fairly challenging comps year-over-year in our personal injury expense line. So those will be the challenges that I would point out at this point.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, Walter, a couple of things. One, as we've said before and as you point out, there was some timing in our -- because we're full ahead on the financing item. But we are comfortable being in that low 40s debt-to-cap ratio. So we don't have a specific set number target that I would share with you other than to say we are comfortable in that range. In terms of what we're going to do with cash, I think it's similar to what you saw us do this year. As you heard Lance talk, number one, we're increasing our capital spend, and we've increased our dividend. We want to continue to stay in that 30% payout ratio, and continue to be opportunistic with share repurchases going forward. And that's how we're approaching it.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, this is Rob. We don't expect the injury expenses to climb. What I was pointing out is that year-over-year, because of the sizable reductions in expenses in 2011, that just creates a difficult comp for us. We have every expectation that we'll continue to improve our safety performance and continue to improve the expense, perhaps just not at the same rate.
Robert M. Knight: At this point in time, it's harder to tell, just less than that 4% that I indicated. Yes, and that's -- if I can, just, Chris, on that, that's on inflation. The inflation rate in our labor line, I'm saying, is going to less than 4%. The headcount net-net, that will depend upon where volumes end up. And as I said, we expect volumes to be a steady slow growth. So we'd expect headcount to increase, but at a less than one-for-one rate.
Robert M. Knight: I don't think -- we were still dealing with issues down south at the beginning of the quarter. You bet it was a little bit better weather wise for us, but that wasn't the difference maker. And at the end of day here, we really -- a couple of things to keep in mind. We cycled some of the cost. Remember, Rob, we're talking about training -- we got to employ productivity. We've been telling you all year that we had really kind of a one-off deal where we're building our training forces. That leveled out fourth quarter, and you had decent volume that came through. We managed our costs very well. Our pricing came in strong. You put those all those together, and boy, it can really lever that operating ratio.
Robert M. Knight: Yes, just a comment I would make on that, John. What we've said, if that 65% to 67% target implies we've got to do about a 50% incremental margin improvement, and it will be lumpy, as Jim says. I think one point I would make is remember, our first quarter generally is our toughest, most challenged from an operating ratio standpoint. And second and third tend to be our best. So you get lumpiness within the quarter, but on an annualized basis, it's at 50% is our expectation. And that's what we have to do to hit that target.
Robert M. Knight: Let me just give you -- kind of size the numbers, and then maybe Lance can give some technicolor on some of the initiatives. Remember, coming into 2011, particularly in the back half, we said that, that was going to be unusually high. And it was unusually high as we had more people in the pipeline, if you will, in terms of training. So we had that comp. And as we came in to 2000 -- back half of 2011, we said that we thought the fourth quarter would be a catch-up, if you will. So we experienced that. So we had fewer people in the hiring and training pipeline in the fourth quarter, particularly when you look at it year-over-year. And I'd say that was really what drove the financial variance that you're pointing out. In terms of some of the great initiatives that we were doing on the ground or in operation productivity, Jack should talk about that.
Robert M. Knight: I think that's in the ballpark of what it was. I don't have the exact number, but I think that's in the ballpark.
John J. Koraleski: I would also say, Jason, as we go through the process of continuing to renegotiate and renew and compete for these legacy deals, that RCAF component becomes a lesser piece of the pie for us in terms of how it influences our escalations.
John J. Koraleski: We have some of the $1 billion from last year, included some for this year. So we've got that completed, and it's behind us. The remainder of our legacy deals for 2013 are going to be at the end of this year.
John J. Koraleski: Well, what we said was over 90% has been repriced, and I don't think we're going to get into very specific deals, but I think that's a fairly good number for you.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, Justin, when you look at it, only about, I would say 25% to 30% of our business is moving in unit trains today, but we're still actually in that start-up mode. So moving a lot in manifest, and we're shifting more towards unit trains, and you'll see that trend continue as we work our way here through 2012. Clearly, the Bakken was the largest proportion of our business this year in terms of the crude oil. Eagle Ford started up, which was nice for us. We'll also, this year, be moving Permian Basin, and hopefully, out of the Niobrara as kind of the big ones.
John J. Koraleski: Justin, the real wildcard here is where do you think the consumer will come play out next year? Housing actually has, can have a pretty big impact on International Intermodal. There's some positive signs there. So we're -- it's really bet on how you think the economy consumer will play during the year.
John J. Koraleski: I think overall, Ken, we're looking at the world demand and saying, "It's going to continue." It could be choppy. You see prices ebb and flow from time to time that might cause some. But overall, we still see world demand growing and creating a great export opportunity for us. We had 5.2 million tons, up from, I think, what did I say, 1.4 million last year. We'll do better than that, again, this year. We'll continue to see growth in that marketplace for us, and it will -- our primary focus right out of the box is for the bituminous coal out in Colorado and Utah, because that's where the world demand seems -- the higher energy coal is more in demand than the SPRB. But we're all over SPRB opportunities as well. We're scouring every port potential, every opportunity that we get, we're working with the mines. And we see that as a continuing to develop as a good opportunity for us.
John J. Koraleski: Matt, when you look at it, I do actually look at it as a potential opportunity for UP and Southern Powder River Basin coal because the coal will be more amenable to meeting those standards. I think we probably were getting some inquiries about moving coal, particularly to the east with the stay. It's probably dead right at the moment. And I think the other question in a lot of our customers' minds is just the emission credits and what value will be assessed to them by the market, and how does that play itself out. So a lot of questions that are out there, but it does present an opportunity, I think, for UP. And the other side of it is, both in terms of moving limestone and also trona, as a couple of different approaches towards reaching those requirement levels would also be a good business opportunity for us.
John J. Koraleski: Sure. We started off the year, customers kind of were -- kind of looking at it and looking at the change and trying to determine whether or not they should or shouldn't participate. So we kind of got off to a slow start. As we got into peak season though, we were right on with every commitment that we made during peak. We offered customers 110% of their committed volumes, and we were able to meet every commitment. So we came out of the peak season with some very favorable comments from customers and a lot more receptivity to the program. So we're anxious. We will definitely stay the course here and continue to work the program for 2012 and beyond.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, let's talk about it. And it kind of gets to the earlier question about train size and other -- what we can think about going forward in terms of incremental productivity. So we did have a good quarter on train size growth. We also had a good quarter in terms of improvement in the fluidity of the network. You saw in one of my charts, I showed you improvement in cars switched per man day. That's pure productivity through our terminals. And we've got, what we call, the UP way and downtime initiatives that are using process improvement and direct involvement by the people doing the work to design the work, standardize it, take out risk and take out waste. And all of that is helping us drive, not only productivity, but safety and service at the same time. And there is plenty more of that left in the network.
John J. Koraleski: I think when you look at the employee count spreads, the training piece was a pretty big number year-over-year, but they all interplay. I mean, I think one of the keys, Lance mentioned, we start to see our velocity pick up, the fluidity of the network. I think it just shows you how sensitive these networks are, the challenges you have. So you had a little bit less issues with weather. You had some of the routes, the mix comes into play. They all really contribute. And what I think you need to understand, we were saying that for 3 quarters. What you were seeing in the prior quarters was more unusual. That wasn't the norm. And when you're looking at a 9% and 10% increase in labor cost year-over-year, that isn't sustainable in a business. And this is an area where I think it's more of a sustainable level that they're seeing in the fourth quarter.
John J. Koraleski: I think we're continuing our focus on increasing our pricing. I don't think that's going to change in 2012. And I think that with great service, we have added capacity or available capacity in our box fleet that gets us through the year just fine.
John J. Koraleski: And we're also sometimes -- Scott, it wasn't a prolonged period of time, but we were sold out on our containers even this year with a relatively weak peak. So we'll see that happen again next year, but we think that the throughput and the better service -- you're not dealing with floods and things like that hopefully. We'll get a greater turn on that equipment, and so we can handle more freight.
John J. Koraleski: Ben, I don't think it changed meaningfully in 2011. And staying the Casper rules and things like that, I don't think we'll see a significant change in 2012 either.
John J. Koraleski: Yes, the domestic side, we had a great fourth quarter on the domestic business, record setting, so that was good. It reduces the repositioning. It would be nice to have the stronger international side as well, because there's some nice dovetailing that takes place, particularly, when they stuff the domestic containers on the West Coast. But overall, yes, your assumption is correct.
Lance M. Fritz: Sure. Let's start with the drivers. So recall that PTC, when it was mandated, was not an off-the-shelf technology. So what you're seeing reflected is exactly what I mentioned in my comments. And that is, as we develop both the hardware, the software and the overall systems technology, we're discovering more complexity, more interactions, and it's more costly. So the reflection of going from $1.4 billion to $2 billion is mostly about technology development and getting a more finite cost on that. So then looking forward, by the mandate, we've accelerated spending in 2012 to this anticipated $335 million. I anticipate there could be modest acceleration from that point in future years. But it'll be predicated on having developed technology to implement. So spending is going to be paced somewhat by making sure the technology's developed.
Lance M. Fritz: Well, Chris, the industry, you have a key report due to Congress on March 1. That -- obviously, the FRA will be required to report on the status. I'll be very honest with you, I just -- I don't see it happening in 2015, the complexity that we're faced with here, the requirements. I mean, keep in mind, if the system doesn't work, you don't move product. And that's why when we look at implementing this thing, it's got to have a very, very high degree of reliability. And you have no room to get it wrong. So keep your eye out on the report that goes to Congress here on March 1.
Lance M. Fritz: Yes, we do see incremental benefits along the way. One of them that we don't talk about too much is we're cutting over double-track segments in areas where we have to perform maintenance on the existing single track. So we've talked historically about this investing for maintainability, and that's paying off in spades on the Sunset route.
