Howard Rubel: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics' first quarter 2019 conference call. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company’s outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company’s 10-K and 10-Q filings.
Howard Rubel: Thank you, Jason. As a reminder, we ask participants to ask one question and one follow-up so that everyone has a chance to participate. Jamie, would you please remind participants, how to enter the queue.
Howard Rubel: Operator. Thank you very much. Prior to the close, I'd like to first thank everybody for joining us today. And then secondarily, as a reminder, we refer you to our website for both the first quarter earnings release and our highlights presentation. If you have any additional questions, I can be reached at (703) 876-3117. Thank you very much.
PhebeNovakovic: And as I said in my remarks, the margin rate is largely attributable to the mix and as we've talked about fairly frequently, that mix is driven by the increased deliveries on the G500, which carry lower margin in that first accounting lot, but we're going to be through that in the second quarter. And look, I think we've been pretty, quite transparent about this change in mix. We'll work our ways through it, as we deliver more G500s and the G600s will enter into service all with good margin. So when I think about it, our margins will improve throughout the year and as we go into next year our performance will get even better and better. As yet -- we hit full-rate production on the G500 and G600 and continue to come down our learning curves.
PhebeNovakovic: Well, the G650, nothing's going to come close to that for I think all the reasons you understand. But it is our expectation that the G500 and G600 surpass the G450 and G550 peak margins. They are built and purpose-built facilities that are coming down, straight line and we have over that time continued to perfect our manufacturing processes. So I -- when we are up, we're really, really running. I think we're going to be better than those two legacy airplanes.
PhebeNovakovic: Yes. So a little bit this year, and then more in next year and the following year when G500s and G600s are in -- as I say, full-rate production with good margins.
PhebeNovakovic: Well, when we put something in firm backlog, it's pretty sure conversion into revenue. But let me give you a little bit of context to it. I think it helps to understand. So GDIT in the quarter at 1.1 to 1 book-to-bill and over the last four quarters as I mentioned in my remarks they add 1 to 1. Now their win rate, they have demonstrated a win rate consecutively over those last four quarters between 70% and 75%. Against Dow's performance indicator, you've got a budget that is growing by 5%. So, I think this business is in very good stead for continued growth.
PhebeNovakovic: So, given its portfolio, I don't believe that it's sub-scale. If you think about what they really are is, they are systems integrators with a significant products business. They've got some long-term franchise programs, a number of them and those programs are growing. So I like where they are, they've got some unique positioning, in fact, best-of-class position in a number of areas, in network security, cyber protection, accuracy and position, navigation in a GPS environment, integration of systems on the ballistic missile class submarines and the fire control system. So they assist something. These are programs that they've had for a long, long time, all of which are on the growth trajectories. So, I don't really see them as sub-scale. And again, their margins are really quite nice. This is a good operating leverage company. I think they play nicely in the space therein, and we're quite comfortable with this.
PhebeNovakovic: Yes, I'm not getting into that anymore, so we're really not tracking it that way. We've got a whole lot of new airplanes coming on. So those individual metrics become little less meaningful, but you need to think about what's really unusual and unique about the Gulfstream portfolio, as we have a family now of all brand new airplanes and when I say brand new, they are clean sheet, you know that better than anybody what that means, from scratch all new, nobody else has that, and that family is compelling, and we're seeing that in our consistent demand.
PhebeNovakovic: So we're off to a good start, but undergirding this, you raise -- undergirding your question is really a -- I think more robust demand question. And like I think I'll take this opportunity to help us think about demand a little bit more holistically. It's kind of folly to try to address demand prospectively. It's a little bit easier from a retrospective point of view, as long as one's not too myopic about the data. So what does the data tell us? That the market for Gulfstream airplane has been good over the last 12 months at a period of ramped up deliveries.  The book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.5 to 1 at Gulfstream and almost 1.1 to 1 for the trailing 12 months. This tells me that we're in a period of solid, but not overheated demand. And I see nothing in the data available to me at the moment that suggests a change in that picture. So that's how you ought to think about, as we go through the year, our expectations about the demand environment.
PhebeNovakovic: Well, look we'll always work towards improved margins. But remember the revenue is simply a question of timing and mix. And as we move from the Block III to Block IV, we have accounted for those margin changes as we see in every -- by the way we see this and you know this and every one of our transition from one block to the other, because we bid down a continuous learning curve and we have a -- each one of our contracts has the same sort of target profit. And on a share lines, so we always give back some of that goodness appropriately. So did the U.S. Navy, but what does that mean?  That means we've got to drive our operating performance relentlessly and continuously and we've done that now for 20 years. So, we will work very hard to consolidate and accelerate our learning on the Block IV, but at the moment we're pretty comfortable with the guidance we gave you.
PhebeNovakovic: Yes. And I don't think we've given you a whole lot of specificity about '20, but I tried to set some context to how to think about this growth profile. With that win rates, with the increasing budget and post-acquisition book-to-bill, we're in a very good place. So I look at this business as long-term good growth. In that budget it was about $100 billion, their addressable market budget is about $120 billion, 5% increase, almost 5% increase. That's pretty darn impressive. Good opportunities there.
PhebeNovakovic: And I think it's important to understand that these are negotiations between two sovereign powers, that are progressing, but they're very, very sensitive, as all of diplomatic negotiations are. Progress is good, but slow. We do anticipate it resolving this year.
PhebeNovakovic: Yes. So I mean that's the inference from us being through that first block right, and we'll get through that in this quarter and get into the second lot in the second quarter. So, you're right.
PhebeNovakovic: So if you think about us and you know us and you've known us for years. We are conservative, when we look at opportunities. We give healthy discount rates, I think that are a good thing to do for internally for the business and the forecast and guidance that we issue reflects that, those discounted rates. So the beauty of a business with 7,000 contracts is that frankly no one is positive. But I'm comfortable that they'll win their fair share. That said, we've approached this -- their pipeline through -- looking through a conservative prism.
PhebeNovakovic: Sure. So the U.S. Army is recapitalizing, after the hot wars, they have utilized a lot of their equipment and as their budget slowed down rather precipitously, they did not have the resource to go and recapitalized, but they do now and that's exactly what they're doing. So they're modernizing their existing fleet in addition to developing new potential platforms. And we -- that existing fleet is our program, right. Stryker and Abrams have seen considerable increases in their budget funding lines because the Army needs those vehicles. The Abrams remains an outstanding tank and the upgrade in the version 4, is really not your father's Abram. It is a more capable, more survivable, more lethal system as is the Stryker. So we think those twp core franchise programs for us are in very, very good stead. We work very closely with our Army customer to understand their demands and their requirements and how they think about the war fighter and so we position ourselves in our investment dollars and also, thinking about the art of the possible for them and how we can help them meet their objectives. That's certainly true on the franchise programs. I've just talked about, but also on new programs, what is in the art of the possible what's doable how fast you can do it and what it is going cost you. And the key there is to have the trust of the Army customer, who believes that the estimates that you give them are reliable. So we've had a -- we are very aligned with our Army customer, know where they're headed. And I frankly like everything that I see here. And that's on the big vehicle programs, when I look at ammunition business, ammunition business is growing. I think we grew 10% in the quarter. And we've had our book-to-bill, there that's been very wholesome because as we increase our operational training tempo, our munitions and armaments will increase demands. So outside the United States, in North America, outside of the United States we see some recapitalization in the UK and Canada, where we have decade's long presence in both of those countries, throughout NATO and heavily in Eastern European. The world is getting a more dangerous place and unfortunately, but that is -- that creates demand for our products. Our European Land Systems has multiple opportunities throughout the Former Soviet Border States and Eastern Block and domestically and elsewhere. So you know threats drive funding and they drive the need for requirements and unfortunately we live in a world have increased threat.
PhebeNovakovic: So let's break the businesses into two distinct factors. Aerospace, I think we've just given you a pretty fulsome and I going to walk you through that again, pretty fulsome explanation of the margin compression. And on the defense side, it's really about mix. When you're growing and you've got new contracts coming in, and you've got older contracts closing, you're going to have the mix issues and we frankly because all of our defense businesses are growing we have some of that right now. So that will resolve in continuing throughout the year and then into the future years as we get -- one thing you can absolutely rely on us for is superb operating performance. We are very good at improving what we control and we control our own operations. So you can expect us to get better and better and better as time goes by.
PhebeNovakovic: So, first the FAA and as we're targeting late June, but they've got a pretty rigorous process, so that may slip a week -- a couple of weeks or so, but I think importantly that does not impact our deliveries, which is really, I think the key underlying question. We have, not seen any new regulations or any new changes and the FAA oversight. So, we work very closely with them. Frankly, their partners and ensuring that we deliver base airplanes efficiently, and so they've got an additional workload, but so far haven't really seen much of an impact.
PhebeNovakovic: So cost is increasingly under control. The schedules, we de-risked a lot of the schedules. We're getting a lot of input from the manufacturing workforce, which will help us optimize our production, and again we're very, very good at manufacturing. So a lot of that risk is definitely behind us and it's going to get better.
PhebeNovakovic: You should expect them to advance. Think about it this way, for a while that in the period where the Army funding was seriously constrained, that tank plant was producing one tank a month. At the end of this year, we'll be rolling out 30 tanks a months by the end of this year. So that obviously will drive revenue growth and that backlog increase translates 1 to 1 in the revenue.
PhebeNovakovic: So there are two things. There is mix between domestic and international. And there's also the mix issue driven by older contracts and newer ones coming on board. So as Abram ramps up, remember we're also doing the mobile protective firepower. We were one of the two down select and so those -- again, we've got to move down our learning curve and that will ensue the performance over time.
PhebeNovakovic: Myles, if I told you any of that, that is just proprietary, but of -- listen, you would expect us to have lessons learned from everything we do. These have been extraordinarily successful developmental programs as these have been an extraordinarily successful test program. These airplanes are beating all of their design performance specifications. So we will continue to work closely with our FAA customer and it will continue to refine our processes going forward. But when we announce anything or how we announce that just sensitive.
