Phebe N. Novakovic: Wow, so much for not getting into 2017. Look, we have, as a goal, double-digit growth, but it's too soon for me to tell how 2017 plays out. So, if you want to ask another question, go ahead.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah. So look, you asked about the regional distribution, and I think it's worth stepping back a moment and talking in the general and then in the specific. And let's start by talking about the market, and let me try to give you some insight into our market. Let's start with, for example, the Honeywell study, which measures deliveries, not orders. Deliveries in the business jet market are down, including somewhat at Gulfstream, right? So, the good and valid reasons that we have discussed during our transition, discussed with you previously during our transition from the G450 and G550 to G650 or G550 and G600 or G500 and G600. Deliveries, however, are based on retrospective orders, so 12 to 24 months previously. And for Gulfstream, from an order perspective, we have seen and continue to see nice demands. So, it would appear that we have been taking share from others in our space and as the G500 and G600 enter into service, we really anticipate that we will continue to take share. I've been reluctant in the past year or so to get into a share discussion because we really are about – not about share but really about profit, but it would appear that we are indeed taking share. So, I think that understanding where we are positioned today and how our position going forward will help you. It would also appear, specifically to your question, that we are far less dependent on the BRIC countries and on, frankly, any one particular region outside North America. And our demand, consequently, has not been as perturbative as others have seemed to be. So, it gives you a sense of I think where we stand in the market and how we see it in general. Now, let's dig down a little bit deeper into Gulfstream, and let's just think about this. So, from a Gulfstream perspective, again as measured by our sales pipeline and order activity with respect to demand, both are stable and sufficient to get us through to the new aircraft. I mentioned that the third quarter orders are the strongest in five years and interestingly, both our fourth quarter activity to date and the pipeline are good. If we think about Gulfstream more specifically, let me talk to you and just give you a little bit of color without getting into guidance. This is just color in the most broad sense. The G500 will most certainly make a contribution in 2017 and a significant one in 2018. The amount of the 2017 contribution, of course, will be dependent on the timeliness of the certification. The G600 should make a contribution in 2018 and a significant contribution in 2019. So, why am I confident in talking to you all about this? I'll tell you why. It's because the test program for both airplanes are going very well. The G500 is doing well in tests and should be certified and entered into service in 2017, as implied by what we've just talked about. The G600 will fly this quarter and should be certified and enter into service, and all are on schedule with some forward bias. Thinking about, again, just broadly, our market in Gulfstream in particular, I've always been of the view that a new plane needs 50 solid orders before the commencement of initial production to have a good start. Well, the G500 is going to exceed that number, which is quite good, especially when you consider that our sales force has been incentivized to focus on the G450 and G550. They'll now be incentivized to turn their attention towards the G500. So, with respect to used airplanes, some of you have been very concerned about that. Let me talk to you a little bit about where we are in the used market. We see, in the G650 market, I think there are about 19 to 20 airplanes that are up for sale, but as we deconstruct and analyze those potential aircrafts, we see maybe 12 to 14 serious sellers, dedicated sellers. So, that's well within the 10% of the 200 and some – 203, actually, G650s that we've got into service, and we haven't seen any impact this quarter on our new order activity or our order activity from the used market. And with respect to the G550, the used market is about 7% of the 700 or so aircraft in service and so, we haven't been affected by that either. So, I notice that was rather a soliloquy, but I think your question about the distribution of our market I think was particularly just – gave me an opportunity to talk to you guys a little bit more fulsomely about the market. So, I hope that helped.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, you're quite right. We said that we're going to try – we intended to keep earnings as flat as we could and the margins as high as we could during this transition period just to be a bit cyclical and frankly, so far, I think we've done a pretty good job. We'll get into 2017 after we set our production rates and got a little more clarity into the market, but that still remains our goal to give you those higher earnings as we possibly can and margins as high as we can.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, as we've talked before, Aerospace margins and Gulfstream, in particular, are variable quarter-over-quarter. But what you're seeing here is a result of the Gulfstream team doing a superb job taking costs out as their revenue has declined. And they've done a very good job at that in the quarter. R&D was somewhat lower. We had some timing issues at Jet Aviation. I don't anticipate that performance going forward in margins, but they will continue to do quite well.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay. We've talked the last year or so about how we're going to manage the transition as we wind down the G450 and G550 and then bring on the G500 and G600. And the key there is matching the shipsets, the wings, the fuselage, the engines with the number of airplanes that we have left to sell or left to deliver. And so far, with the G150 for example, we got it spot on. We're on track to get that perfect correlation on the G450 and I expect the same thing on the G550. So, I don't anticipate any decrease in margins as a result of our failure to make that transition really comfortable and profitable. That said, as we, look, think about it. Any time you have a mix shift, which is what Gulfstream's going to have, right. You're going to have a mix shift as we go from older production, long-running lines, long historic learning curves, as we enter and start to produce and deliver G500s and G600s. But I will tell you, if you look at the G650 by comparison, and let's just use that as our baseline, the G650 margin performance was faster and higher than the G550 before it. So, that means it's coming down its learning curve and we're seeing gross margin expansion earlier than we had ever before. So, the lessons that we have learned on the G650, we are translating into how we go about the production on the G500 and G600, and that gives me an awful lot of confidence that this team is going hit the ground running. They have some margin compression as we begin to deliver, as we come down those learning curves, but our ability to come down those learning curves as we've demonstrated, I believe is going to go much, much faster. And remember too, there's a fair amount of commonality between the G500 and G600. So, I suspect that the ignition coming down, when we bring that G600 into full wave production, it's going to be pretty impressive. I got to tell you, I like where we are. I like where we're headed. We're moving through this transition period like I told you we were going to do, and we're in good shape for real revenue and earnings growth as we get these two new airplanes into service.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So, the fourth quarter revenue increase is driven primarily by a couple of things. The Canadian, Mid East order and our AJAC programs as they move from engineering and low rate production in the third quarter into full rate production in the fourth quarter. So you're going to see some real – and by the way, we got this – Combat has this analyzed down to a fine level of detail, and we have that growth in our backlog and we are positioned on both of those programs. So those are going to drive it primarily. But recall also Combat tends to have very robust revenue growth in the fourth quarter across the portfolio, and we'll continue to see that in OTS and ELS as well as Land Systems. So, there isn't much ambiguity this late in the year with the group that really understands their products and how they're going to then begin to execute.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I'm not sure why you think they're pushing back on it. Frankly, they approved. If you're talking about the 100, in September, they approved the 133 M1A2 Saudi Main Battle Tank request, so that's good to go, it at contract.
Phebe N. Novakovic: But to give you a sense, just in general it's the case here is that the sales force is incentivized to sell whatever products we, at the moment, are focused on. And so their bonuses are a significant part of their compensation and it's up to us to give them the direction of where we're going have them focus. So, this has been a very effective sales force as I think you can see from our order activity.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, look, think about it. The G450 we've announced – that line is going to end, surprisingly, right? These replacement aircrafts, by definition, are going to replace airplanes that we're winding down and the G550 has continued to have very nice order activity. So, we're pretty confident that it's time now to move more robustly to the G500. And let me tell you, even incentivized as they were, as I mentioned in my remarks, we have sold quite a few. So, we're in pretty good shape here.
Phebe N. Novakovic: All right. Let me kind of take that in two parts. And let's start with our book-to-bill because I think that that reflects a lot of different moving parts. In the quarter, we had a book-to-bill about 0.8:1, and that's solid for this short-cycle business. And think about it in terms of the last eight quarters, or eight of the last 11 quarters for this group have had a 1:1 or greater book-to-bill, which is really quite exceptional in the short term for short, these highly transactional businesses. So, that gives us the platform for some of this ignition. And in terms of where we're focused, on our platform side, we've got a number of growth opportunities across our platform portfolio. In our ISR business and space payload markets, cyber, nuclear weapons and avionics. So, I like where they are there. On our IT side, we have had nice book-to-bills, and we've got a number of wins that we've had across the entirety of the portfolio. And I'll tell you, if you remember, we also have the census in there, which would be a nice cost plus award fee program for five years, and we like how that fits into our low risk cash generating portfolio. And then going forward, we've got an awful lot of competitions coming up, and we tend to announce those as we win them or we put them into our backlog. So, the diving board for our growth is there in our backlog, and because these businesses have really reduced their cost and increased their competitiveness, their book-to-bill has been wholesome for quite some time now and I expect it to be going forward.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I think first half is a touch ambitious, but I'll be able to give you in January a lot more clarity when we get the full certification timeline from the FAA. But I'm very confident we're going to cert in 2017.
Phebe N. Novakovic: All right. Let me give you a little bit – because this is such a big program, let me give you a little bit of detail on what's going on, on the Ohio Replacement. We have had the design contract now for about five years, and we're proceeding nicely apace. As you know, we're the prime contractor for the design but not the sole contractor, and the prime contractor for the construction. So, our schedule is right on point to start the conception of the lead ship in 2021, and I would imagine that – well, I expect that our profile on revenue between now and 2021 where we'll really begin to see the real ignition, will be driven by a couple of things. One, we'll continue to have further design work on the Ohio, which will begin to ramp down as we get closer and closer. But starting perhaps in 2019 – I think we're anticipating 2019 – we're likely to see long lead production, so we can actualize the ship production construction in 2021. So, as you know, these submarine programs take – require a fair amount of long lead material in order to ensure that you stay on your construction schedule. So, to give you a sense of where we in the design and the component development. Well, we have proposed a detailed design and, actually, all the component development design to the Navy earlier this summer, and they'd like to give us an award by the end of the year. And you know what, when you think about these large nationally strategic programs, one of the most important things that we all get right is that the costs are well understood. And so one of the things that's been driving our work the last three years is a bottom-up analysis of the full cost of construction. So that'll be an important element as we work through those costs with the Navy. And once we get some clarity about the schedule and the pace, then we'll be able to have more clarity about specifics on that production ramp because it will all be very public and obvious.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well look, I'm sorry, you did ask that, my fault. We have begun making the investments over the last five years. The investments are primarily funded by the Navy, but we will also and have been putting some of our capital in and will continue to because, well look, we invest in lines of business that have high returns for us and good returns for us and this is one of those lines of business, and it is transformative. You put Ohio on top of Virginia and there's going be quite a lot of workload. So we have spent the last five years both getting our facilities in place. Our design tools are mature. the design to build tools are also very mature, and we need to get our work force because we're going to have this increase in volume. We're going to be bringing in a fair number of green labor. We have a robust education program in the trades with Rhode Island and Connecticut and that will provide us the foundation to really be able to start full rate production on schedule on the Ohio Replacement and continue on Virginia class. Shipbuilding, one of the competitive advantages in shipbuilding is that detailed planning is critical, and that's something that Electric Boat has excelled at for decades and has demonstrated yet again in their preparation for the Ohio. So we have detailed hiring plans, training plans, CapEx plans with the Navy, and of course our design work that we also have in lock step with the Navy on. So, this is all about preparing for success and so far, so good.
Phebe N. Novakovic: And look, think about it this way, we've long been talking about these two years of fairly low cash flow. We need to normalize that cash flow and augment it by our balance sheet and we've done that. I think about it more like, where are we in cash flow, where are we on the balance sheet, and what resources do we have to continue to go buy shares and other investments as needed. And I think we've managed that pretty prudently. So I think about it as where our cash flow is and where are our cash deployment, where our cash flow is and what our balance sheet looks like and we've been pretty consistent.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We'll have to see on that. But we've got plenty of powder on our balance sheet. So, there's been no material change from the guidance that we gave you back in January about our cash flow.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, let's talk about the Middle East for a moment in general. And this particular customer, we have had a 50-year productive relationship with the Kingdom. And the vast preponderance of all of our combat programs are government-to-government and the contracts have been – products have been fully vetted and supported and these all happen to be products that the customer wants and needs. So, we have seen no indication from the end-user customer that there is concern on their part or an intent on their part to change the profile of these – of our deliveries. And look, we will – we got these large advances and we've been working those down and then we'll continue to refresh cash flow as we – from these customers as we increase deliveries. And so far, we're in pretty good shape.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, we will work with the Navy. I haven't planned on and haven't looked at the specific timing of the cash flow with respect to that order – of that contract, because we don't have the contract signed yet. So, as soon as we get that contract, we'll have real clarity about the timing quarter-by-quarter of when we can expect the cash associated with that. But there's no way to estimate at the moment until that contract is signed.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. What I said was that it has been my experience that you – to have a successful launch of a new airplane, you need to have 50 orders before entry into service and we on our way to exceed that amount.
