Amy Gilliland: Thank you (Shamika) and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics’s first quarter conference call. As always, any forward-looking statements made today represent our best estimates regarding the company’s outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company’s 10-K and 10-Q filings.  And with that, I would like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Jay Johnson.
Amy Gilliland: Thank you. As a quick reminder, we ask participants to ask only one question so that everyone has an opportunity to participate. If you have additional questions please get back into the queue. And (Shamika) if you could just please remind participants how to enter the queue. 
Amy Gilliland: I just want to thank everyone for joining our call today. And if you have additional questions, I can be reached at 703-876-3748. Have a great day. 
Jay Johnson: I think the way I’d characterize it Rob, at the top is that our core programs are stable and have some potential to build as the year progresses and I would relate that specifically to Stryker. But the big growth if you will as the year progresses will come as I alluded in my remarks from the international programs and we have a number of those as you know. So it will be gradual as it usually is, heavily weighted if you will to the third and fourth quarters which is not at all unusual for Combat Systems but fairly substitute in its elements across both US franchise and international, that’s the general description I would offer. 
Jay Johnson: I got to say Rob that I pump the answer a little bit in the following way, what I see there is potential for that, but what I see for example in the 2011 budget summit is very strong support for the US franchise programs, AKA Stryker, Abrams. We’ve got grand combat vehicle competition that will lay itself out later this year, JLTV is still playing, Stryker is in play right now, reset modernization all of those elements is not just new production. So it’s multifaceted and very robust as we forward. So I don’t see a big tail off if that’s perhaps the implication here, because our core programs are being very well supported.  We also have on the international side things that perhaps more realities the last time we talk like as I mentioned in my remarks the FRESH contract which will be significant add to the portfolio for Combat Systems. 
Jay Johnson: Okay, we’ll talk about aerospace a bit. To your point on margins, I started off by saying I am very pleased with the performance that aerospace both in Gulfstream and in Jet Aviation. So let's just get that on the table at the start and it’s reflected in the margin performance that you saw. There are several thing, have been several things that play in realizing those margins relative to both year-over-year first quarter ’09 and the sequential from last quarter, example year-over-year our margins this quarter were positively impacted certainly by mix as I mentioned I think in my remarks. So we have 15 fewer midsized completions this year than we did last year.  Also we had a – we didn’t have pre-owned charges this year which we had last year. And as is usually the case when we’re talking about aerospace here, they lowered their SG&A this quarter through great discipline, continuous improvement in cost savings. So those are three I’d say elements that differentiate this quarter from year ago quarter on the margin side.  Let's talk about sequential now from fourth quarter ’09 to first quarter ‘010 and the positive influencers if you will are somewhat different this quarter. I’ll leave the lower SG&A in there because indeed that made a big different again this quarter as it did in the year-over-year comparison but we also had improvement in Jet Aviation which is consistent with we’ve been telling you was happening and would continue to happen. We saw that quarter-over-quarter here and we’re very pleased with that and I would also say as I mentioned in my remarks I think that we did have some liquidated damages.  So that’s kind of the summation if you will of elements that I think impacted the differentiation quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. Now that said I would caution not to get too far ahead I mean on margins this year because we have something’s to thing about going forward. One is that we are planning a furlough at Gulfstream in the third quarter, not as long as we had last year but nonetheless we’ve got a furlough in the plan which will impact us and also the midsize mix is still a little bit uncertain in all of this, it depends on how the market recovers, depends on how many completions etcetera, etcetera. So that will definitely have an impact, it could definitely have an impact on the margins going forward.  And then I would also say that we expect the liquidated damages to be less of a factor going forward and we can talk about the backlog later but in point of fact what we see didn’t surprise us and we see less of it in the next and subsequent quarters going forward. So that’s probably more than you asked for but that’s kind of my rundown on the margins side and I hope it’s responsive to your question.
Jay Johnson: You bet, I would be happy to. First of all, in terms, I’ll just go in terms of orders and defaults, just sort of lumping together here, the way I got it stacked in my head. It was on the order side, the best quarter we’ve had since the third quarter of 2008, across the product line and as I mentioned orders did outpace default for the fourth consecutive quarter. So we feel very good about that. $18.5 billion is a very robust backlog by any measure so I feel very good about that even though it moves around a little bit. Now the default activity in this quarter, we’ll talk about it little. A couple of things, for example it was greater than, it was the quarter before when we surprised by that honestly, not really, OK? And here are couple of reasons why.  Let's talk about 650. we had actually by number five 650 defaults in the quarter, OK? They were all tied to the -- you recall the first flight payment milestone, anyway that’s the fourth quarter event that manifested itself in activity in the first quarter. So we lost five of those, not surprisingly they were instantly back filled and we’re still taking orders in the 650 backlog is still just south of 200 aircraft. So but it did in fact impact us on the liquidated damages side.  In addition to that Cai, we had a number of defaults frankly that we've been working with the customer for a while and you could have brought some of them to default in the fourth quarter and end the year, we got payment milestones moved to the first quarter. And so some of that just triggered as a result of timing and folks we've been working with for a while. So, again, not a big surprise.  Having said all of that, as we told you before Joe Lombardo, Larry Flynn, the Gulfstream team and I spent a lot of time together going through the backlog, customer by customer and we still do that almost weekly. And what we see ahead of us is an order book that is still very robust and a default activity that would decrease as the year progresses and I would expect spread between orders and defaults to continue to increase as the year goes forward. I hope that answers your question.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Co.: Except for the amount of liquidated damages in the quarter.  Jay Johnson  No, I won't provide that to you this morning, sorry. Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Co.: Okay.  Jay Johnson  But it was not -- I mean it's not the highest nor the lowest we've ever seen, I mean it's kind of in the middle and if you took some of the actions that I described that became first quarter events that were kind of actually could have been fourth quarter events I could almost draw you a straight line across the last four quarters. 
Jay Johnson: Yes it is, you got it. I mean we see again in the U.S. franchise programs there is opportunity for growth, okay. They're stable as they can be right now but there is growth opportunity particularly with the other elements that we talked about like reset, modernization vehicle improvements etcetera. But on the international side indeed that is a portfolio that will build as we go, we can see it. I just can't time it out to the day that's the reality and it's not a surprise.  So, we can talk about backlog a little bit just as it applies across the corporation. It's not a one size fits all package; what do I mean by that? Let's just talk about the defense businesses. The aerospace backlog we talked about but in the defense businesses you've heard us say before I think in the marine systems group, the backlog is very lumpy and we usually talking big lumps when they come, okay. We're at $22 million or so right now and when we don't have the next two DDG-1000s in the backlog yet etcetera, you understand that. Richard Safran – Buckingham Research Group:  Yes. 
Jay Johnson: On the IS&T side relatively speaking, it’s pretty steady eddy, okay. Now that over simplifies how difficult it is to sustain a 1X book to bill as they're very good at doing but they're very disciplined and very accomplished with that. So that's pretty steady. On the combat side, it's almost in between those two that I just described but it tends to come particularly when you see some of this international business in pretty lumpy orders. So all that said, we can see a lot out ahead of us but how it comes and in what size lumps I think is something we're just going to have to work our way through. But clearly for combat systems, the bill will be throughout the year and the programs that we see on the international side, for instance I mentioned the labs in Canada, there's another vehicle competition that we anticipate in Canada called the Tactical Armored Patrol Vehicle that we're partnered with Oshkosh that will realize itself we believe based on what they're saying now.  Next year and stream out for several years, we’ve got the FMS Labs at great scale, $2.2 billion that are just coming into design work right now that will play out for the next several years. We have got more labs from that customers country that we believe will come in the second half of this year. We've got Iraqi tanks, we've got Saudi Arabian tanks. So there's lots of business that we can see building over the next five years probably longer than you wanted. 
Jay Johnson: Okay, I alluded to -- I mentioned it in my remarks but I would just tell you that we're doing lots of flying on both sides of the ocean with the 250 and the 650. They're in all corners of the flight envelope and we love what we see. That's the best way to say it. These are sweet machines. We are not being surprised by anything and the pilots can't get enough of them. So as a pilot I'm envious.  Anyway, those programs are proceeding as they need to. Right now I think we'll have the third 650 flying here within a matter of days if not weeks. So all those preceding at pace for certification next year and I see no speed bumps in our way at this point.  The 250 order book honestly is a manifestation of the mid cabin market. So it is not robust at this point I would tell you but I'm okay with that because as you mentioned we've got 15 months until it becomes an entry into service reality. And when people see, touch and fly in this airplane, they won't be able to get enough of it. So that is my profound belief and it also will give us the pacing right now, puts us I think in good shape to match the market as it recovers, the mid cabin market recovers because we are seeing activity in that market and I think you're hearing that from the other OEMs as well. 
Jay Johnson: Okay, I might add one other thing to that Peter is that we don't build flight tales on the 250s because we match demand with supply but we're very excited about the 250 as we are about our 650 and I believe the sales will become very robust, it’s just not time yet. 
Jay Johnson: Sure. We expect that contract to be left here in the next couple of quarters, okay probably it'll be a second half. So in terms of impact if you will this year it won't okay, one way or another, it'll really be a ‘11 event but we should have the contract done here within the next couple of quarters. The fixed price is still there okay and we're excited about that so the cost plus boat is in the bill right now at Bath and going very well by the way. We're very proud of the work that's being done on that. So we're waiting for the fixed price boats and the contract will come. We have every indication that we are -- it's on track, it's just moving through the system. Did that answer your question?Sam Pearlstein – Wells Fargo Securities: It does, thank you.
Jay Johnson: No, I mean I think a lot of it, Joe, really is the comp issue. We had – this was our best revenue quarter ever and it comes off of what I'd say was an unusually strong Q1 ‘09. I think if memory serves, it was like 16% better than the ‘08 Q1. So we didn't help ourselves with the comp in that sense but it's really more to me – I feel very good about IS&T right now. They had a great performance quarter as we described. I anticipate more of that for the rest of the year. And the timing of the contracts okay, maybe not as dramatic as I described in combat systems but the sensing will be that that will build again throughout the year as we go forward. So we've got as you know a very diverse portfolio, all elements of that portfolio are very active. We got tactical communications, battle space management, C-Square whatever you want to call it with WIN-T increment two, increment one, increment three is in play. We've got jitters, we've got common hardware/software working there. IT services was very strong as I detailed in my remarks. ISR is still very active. Access is busy within that space for us as we expected and throughout it all we've got cyber at scale. So we're very busy in IS&T, I don't expect that to change. Their year is a challenge but they're up to the challenge. 
Jay Johnson: As I said in my remarks, we had a little OWC issue in the first quarter and it’s going to work itself out through the year. It's not even worth discussing beyond that except to say it was a timing thing and off we go. 
Jay Johnson: Well, you know I am going to keep it at the group level. But I would just tell you that and I just spent a lot of Jet here about a week-and-a-half ago in Europe and took full reports and saw firsthand what’s happening. And Jet Aviation is giving us what we thought Jet Aviation would give us when we purchased Jet Aviation. And we have had some operational challenges at the front end mostly to do with match volume and productivity, okay? But we have that well in hand and they are operating very well right now. And so we are excited about what we see and they will continue to be ever more important contributors if you will to the aerospace group’s contributions, okay? MRO global footprint, it’s becoming – when you look at the – for example, when you look at the Gulfstream order book and look at how global it is, predominantly international certainly this quarter and more than 60% last year international and you look at the Jet footprint, global footprint, the two come together pretty nicely.  So we are very – that’s a long way around me saying I am very pleased with what Jet is putting forth right now and they will continue to improve as we go and become ever more important to the aerospace group.
Jay Johnson: Well, I am very happy, very bullish on what I say on the large cabin. And I think in terms of production to your first point, I think it really is going to be paced by what the mid cabin market brings to us. We can adjust, I can adjust, Joe can adjust the large cabin production somewhat. But we have got a pretty robust plan in execution right now for that, but there is some room I think on the mid cabin. So –
Jay Johnson: Yes, it’s pretty early in year for me to get clairvoyant on that in terms of giving you numbers and I won’t do that. But I will say Heidi, back to my comment earlier about familiarity with the backlog and what we see with our customers, right now, based on what 2011’s backlog looks like frankly from a production standpoint, especially large cabin, I don’t see much change at all, okay? Certainly not on the down.
Jay Johnson: I mean, we pride ourselves on our my word agility, okay? On the down and on the up. So we will ramp appropriately as the market takes us to different production levels. I mean and Joe Lombardo and his aerospace team kind of wrote the book on that. So we know how to do it very well. We right size the business at the time it needs to be right sized. We are very proud of that and we are very disciplined about making sure we never falloff that.
Jay Johnson: Okay Troy. You know that we are – we have delivered LCS to the Navy. We are in the build down at Ostile on LCS-4, Bath Iron Works is the prime, Ostile is the sub. We have submitted – well, the fiscal year ’10 proposals have been submitted and Ostile is priming that for good and sufficient reasons, okay?  What do I mean by that? These ships are being built in their shipyard. They are clearly ready to prime and quite frankly to be as competitive as we could be with the Ostile boats, we felt that having them solo if you will rather than having them and Bath Iron Works in there would make them cost competitive, because you don’t have two yards, you are only working with one. Embedded in all of that for us is the fact that the core mission system of that great ship is ours, okay? It comes from our IS&T team, AIS in particularly and it’s working beautiful and it’s open architecture and we are very excited about that. So that’s a long way around saying we felt that that for this round it was most appropriate for Ostile to prime this. They felt that way and we are in complete alignment with them on that. By the way, it also for round two that the way they are appears set up by the Navy for round two, it also then would give us the opportunity to put – to bid for the second source in 2012 should we choose to do so. But that’s a long way down range. But I hope that answers your question.
Jay Johnson: Yes, and yes. When we get into the discussion about what are the margins going to be and what's the production rate.Howard Rubel – Jeffries & Company: I will leave that for later. 
Jay Johnson: I will stick to where I have been and that is 17.33, 33 is the production rate I have got stacked in my head but we designed that aircraft in that facility for manufacturing as you all know with the 3D (inaudible) of E5, the repeatability, the producibility, the 50% fewer parts, all of that, okay, and the riveting – I mean the bonding versus riveting, all that takes us to a place and by the way, as we go here with the flight test vehicles, we are already making subtle changes to the subsequent vehicles as you would expect – aircraft as you would expect. So, all of that bodes well for great producibility at scale and we intend to do that, it's just not time yet. We got to get ourselves up on the ramp and go more steady state. But we are encouraged by what we have seen, we are facilitized to deal with it, and we have got an order book that handles it. 
Jay Johnson: I kind of go with what you just said. I mean it’s a little tough to tell but I mean I can’t tell you from us, I won't speak to the others in the context with numbers and what else, but for us, we are seeing order activity in the mid cabin, not just tire kickers. People are actually buying airplanes. So that's good. We see it in the servicing side of our business where the services have returned, they are not skyrocketing but that's certainly stabilized in the mid cabin for us, okay. So the indicators are tending albeit slowly to a mid cabin recovery and some (inaudible) in the space out there that will bring the inventory back to what I would call right size to go forward. 
Jay Johnson: The commercial shipbuilding business which resides as you know out at NASSCO in San Diego, is doing very well in execution. In fact it’s doing superbly in execution. Every product carrier we put out has been ahead of schedule and below budget, okay. So we know how to build those ships better than anybody. That said the challenge there is the market space. And so you know we are building one through five in the product carriers, six through nine are not in the build and right now today’s answer is we don’t expect them to come to us anytime soon. They are not in our plan anymore, okay. But that market too shall return and we are getting some interest in commercial activity that could be resident at NASSCO and I don’t want to get much more specific than that except to say and I think we have talked about this before you have got Jones Act ships that are out there in some number that are getting very old and very tired and very inefficient and frankly, you have got environmental disciplines that are going to be kicking in here in terms of single haul versus double oilers, etcetera, etcetera. So there is a lot going on that will come, it's just a question of when it comes.  NASSCO’s navy side is coming out with 14 T-AKEs which are being done very well as you might expect and that will bring us out through 2012 there. The Mobile Landing Platform is being put into the ’11, we are already doing some of the front-end work on that. And so we expect at least three of those Mobile Landing Platform -- Mobile Landing Ships. And then we also got a significant book of business out there with repair. There is no navy shipyard, okay, in San Diego and there are over 50 navy combatants that need to be maintained out there. So that's – that I think last year was like I don't know 20 some percent, 24% I think of NASSCO’s revenues.  So there is plenty of work in that book of business. The commercial side just needs to have the market come back and we will be very competitive when it does.
