Phebe N. Novakovic: So, there were no material adjustments to revenue or earnings as a result of this settlement. That said, the details of the settlement are subject to a non-disclosure agreement, so that's all we can say.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, I don't want to get into 2019, but think about it this way. We have 8 to 10 of the G500s delivering this year that carry really relatively very low margins. We'll have the remainder of that lot delivering in 2019. And then, as we move into the G600 production, those margins are going to be higher since the G500 carried a disproportionate burden of the test program. So, all-in-all, we're comfortable with the implied guidance that we gave you back in January this year and that's about all I could go into at the moment until we set all of our production rates. So that's with respect to that. On the G550, we adjust that rate accordingly. We haven't made that decision yet, but there is very nice demand for that platform, particularly in the ISR space. So as long as there continue to be government customers who see this as a powerful ISR system, and then we'll continue to produce those at fairly low level. And the availabilities of G650 are still out there. I'm not aware of any near-term availabilities whatsoever.
Phebe N. Novakovic: First of all, no one can discern the number. Second of all, it is simply not material. So I – and while UT can be a little more expansive on this agreement, we, however, are bound by a nondisclosure, which I will not violate. So there you go.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So I don't know what the backlog is. We don't look at it in that regard. I will tell you the largest contract we have is with the government of Canada. We are continuing to build that vehicle on schedule, and we see no indication that that contract has changed, the status of that contract has changed in the moment. So, steady as she goes.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, Mission Systems margins are driven most especially by mix and product mix. And that can, in any given quarter, in any given year, vary. But their performance, I think, is indicative of their future performance, again, driven by their mix. And it's wholly dependent on thousands of different products and simply the timing of the orders and the profitability of various different products within that portfolio.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Oh, I'm not going to parse that. I don't think I know that in the moment. And frankly, I start to get nervous about giving specificity of margins by airplane that becomes highly competitive. But the fact is, is they will carry better gross margins because they do not have the larger share of the test program. And you'll recall, there was a fair amount of commonality between the G500 and the G600 test program. So we'll come down quickly. We'll go up where margins will increase nicely on the G500 once we get through the first lot, and they will continue to perform well once we – it's an analogous performance on the G600. Think about it that way. But just at a higher start rate.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. Yes, and we gave you, you will be able to discern all of the particular puts and takes in the Q. We have laid all that out for you, okay? So that should help you.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, there's Aerospace in two regards. One, it looks like we are going to have considerably lower pre-owned sales than we had anticipated, which frankly is a good thing from a bottom-line perspective. And as you quite accurately point out, we've had fewer G500 deliveries than we had originally anticipated. And then on the other defense groups, it's really just a question of timing and when the contracts get executed. So nothing of note across any of the defense units.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, I don't track that data that you asked for. And by the way, I have come to a conclusion that I'm not going to give you detailed, first available, because it becomes meaningless with all these new airplanes coming out. We may ultimately go back to that but there's too much churn in the next year or so because we've got so many new airplanes coming out. But they are well within the comfortable levels that I've talked about before, so I don't have any concern across our existing plane portfolio.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, we were very pleased with the outcome of that competition with four ships, because it gives Bath a nice opportunity to improve its profitability. And if you think about Bath's performance, on the DDG-1000, we've had terrific ship over ship learning. We have delivered the first of the restart, I think, guess the second of the restart ships on the DDG-51 and the third is under construction. We are seeing some nice ship over ship learning there. So from my point of view, this is a wholesome development for Bath and gives us really the opportunity to get where they need to be. With respect to margins, a bit large, I think in Marine. Right now, margin performance in the Marine group is driven almost entirely by timing and mix at Electric Boat. You've got higher Block IV and Columbia-class engineering volume lower margins offset by the lower Virginia-class Block III, a very mature contract that is close to – I think we delivered our final ship. So, if you recall, you've been with us now through three of these block transitions and remember that we did these ships on a continuous learning curve. So, it's incumbent upon us to ensure that we've got the operating excellence moved down our learning curve and we've done that with all three ships, or all three blocks. And you're just going to see some of that again on Block IV. There are, however, opportunities to improve those margins on Block IV, obviously, as we have in the past, and we've got improvements coming at Bath and NASSCO. Ultimately, margins can benefit as we – if you think about Columbia as we decrease our engineering work and move more toward construction of Columbia, but none of that will be clear until we get a contract in place on Columbia. And we don't think we're going to see that for the next year or so.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I don't want to get out there too much on margins. I said something, I think, inadvisably the last time, I think, on this call. And the way that I think about these margins is, look, we've got quarter variability, but the trend is there. And there's a lot of moving parts as we move into Columbia, because the decrease in the cost plus decrease in the engineering work, which carries lower margins and the advent of construction, that offers some opportunities. So, I think that at the moment it's too soon to tell, but there is potential to get better.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So as is our want, we are constantly looking for opportunities to shape our portfolio to better align our lines of business with our core. And in the case of the large public-facing call centers, they really have a better home with MAXIMUS, which allows us to focus on our core, enterprise IT, IT infrastructure and professional services and IT business solutions. On a going-forward basis, we, as you can expect, will continue to look for portfolio-shaping opportunities. However, I think we've made it pretty darn clear, our priority for capital deployment is we're going to draw down net debt, pay down net debt fairly expeditiously. So, you should think about that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay. I understand now. So the way to think about this is that we are reducing the impact in terms of time, shortening the time span as we increase our production on the nacelle. So it's really too soon to tell, but I think we will be well-positioned to support pretty robust manufacturing of the G500 in Q1.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, yeah, the key in any capital deployment investment is to, as quickly as possible, marry in terms of time the capital expenditure with the return. And so the Navy understands that and has worked very closely through contract provisions to ensure that that happens. We've got $1.7 billion in our facilities master plan, not exclusively, but well, actually exclusively at Electric Boat. And there's another couple hundred million at the other two yards in order to support this increase in Navy shipbuilding. So I am quite comfortable that our – particularly at Electric Boat where the preponderance of the funding is deployed and will be deployed is appropriate, and timed well to support the Navy's construction. This is all pretty wholesome. We have got to prepare for the construction of this very, very large and important Columbia-class missile boat. And that's what we're doing right now.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, look, I am capitalizing for the ships that I know that I'm going to compete in. We do not capitalize for programs that have yet to become programs of record and fully funded and supported by the U.S. Congress. That's not a wholesome business decision.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So in terms of cyber, EW and ground forces communications and networks, we are very well positioned on a going-forward basis. If you think about the backlog increase, we had an award of a very large contract for IDIQ for CHS-5. And then we also had a new line of business, Life Cycle Product Management (sic) [Life Cycle Product Line Management] contract from the Army. So those were all – those were both very important, and provides a platform for continued growth. As the Army re-capitalizes and innovates around its ground forces, networking and comms, we are in the sweet spot of that relationship with the Army. So look, a lot of – if you think about it, these very impressive win rates for high-cycle businesses are really driven by being a low-cost, high-quality producer with – undergirded by very strong intimacy with our customers to understand their needs so that we're bringing them the products and capabilities, frankly, irrespective of vendors that can best suit their needs.
