Erin Linnihan: Thank you Tihisha and good morning everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics' third quarter conference call. As always, any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the Company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the Company's 10-K and 10-Q filings. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phebe Novakovic.
Erin Linnihan: Thanks Phebe. As a quick reminder, we ask participants to ask only one question, so that everyone has the chance to participate. If you have additional questions please get back into the queue. Tihisha, could you please remind participants how to enter the queue.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you for joining our call today. If you have any additional questions I can be reached at 703-876-3583. Have a great day.
Phebe Novakovic: If we look into next year margins ought to look about the same as they do this year, because we really expect the ramp-ups in ’16 and ’17 and beyond. As we go through come down our learning curves, we’re going to improve our operating earnings and margins. These will be very profitable programs because they’re in our core we know how to produce them. And so we have strong expectations for Combat Systems’ margin performance.
Phebe Novakovic: We’re not seeing much of a change in our contract terms and conditions. And still as a result for us margin expansion is all about performance. And we’ve seen some of that improved operating performance throughout that Group. Just give you an example we had a book-to-bill of one for the quarter in IS&T so nice order activity. And I really haven’t seen any material change in the contracting.
Phebe Novakovic: I see no reason why this business can’t get into the double-digits. We undertook this consolidation but the markets are changing so it was an opportune time for us to take a fresh look at our entire portfolio. And it became pretty clear to us that we were going to benefit from a consolidation. So from my perspective, the consolidation is going to result in additional cost savings going forward. So that is margin expansion opportunity.
Phebe Novakovic: No, I think our guidance reflects our year-to-date performance and the fourth quarter is going to look very much like what we are leading, we’re guiding to on the overall Company. So Marine will be a little bit up. And everybody -- all the other Groups are pretty much steady. There is some margin compression in IS&T but not much. So, I think when we’ve increased our guidance really to reflect where we’ve been and where we see going forward for the remainder of the year. So this is uncomfortable with our guidance.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, it’s really kind of across the board. We’ve got higher earnings and we anticipate higher earnings in Aerospace, higher earnings in the Marine Systems and well and higher earnings in Combat. So a little bit margin compression as I said in IS&T in the fourth quarter. But when you roll it all up where we’ve been and what we see for the fourth quarter 7.60 to 7.70 is we’re very comfortable with that.
Phebe Novakovic: We’ll be at about at 100% as we begin to take that cash of the balance sheet and send it upon its way to our suppliers. So, we’ve target about 100%.
Phebe Novakovic: We’ve told you all and our investors that we would deploy all of, most if not all of our free cash flow to share repurchases and dividends and we’re about at that point. So, we’ll go a little bit slower in the fourth quarter, but I expect to pick that activity back up in the beginning of the year.
Phebe Novakovic: Let me give you a little bit of color on that. In the quarter our backlog increased by a quarter for almost all of our models 650, 650/ER third quarter of ’17, 550 first quarter of ’16, 450 about the same, 280 third quarter of ’15 and the 150 frankly the largest increase at the first quarter of 2016. So that provides us pretty steady production rate as we go forward to plan for the next at least 12 month period. And you recall we set our production rates at the end of the prior year and then we’ll give you some details about those rates as we go forward. But it’s too soon to predict, I think it's just too soon to project when we have any material changes in productions as a result of the new airplane. And when we get to that, get closer to that point we’ll give you a little bit more clarity.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, we always have flexibility. I think that agility helps us keep our profitability high and as we balance resources against demand. So, I am comfortable that as we stand here today we’ve got an executable plan going forward and as I said as we get closer to the entry into service of the 500 and then the 600, we’ll give you a little bit more color on to, into the relative production rates.
Phebe Novakovic: You pretty much got it right on the mix shift, we’ve got mix shift from Block-3 to Block-4 and then the transition from the MLP to the Jones Act ships. It's an interesting, when you think about what NASSCO has been able to do, they have demonstrated that they can build these ships and meet the customer’s needs competitively and profitably while they are continuing to deliver Navy ships. So the current work we have in-house at NASSCO provides us nice revenue and earnings for the foreseeable future. We’ve got three ships in production they are all performing on or above plan. So I would -- now one thing one caution here is that think about commercial ship building as providing nice strong earnings but the margin are going to be a touch lumpier as we move from one ship class to the next ship class because these are shorter cycles and maybe ship building. So I suspect we’ll see continued margin improvement at NASSCO and have elected photos as we work through some of these mix shifts. And I would suspect to see some of that next year and certainly going into ’16 and beyond.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, they ought to be, it ought to -- I expect we haven’t done our detailed planning yet but I anticipate that they will somewhat near this year.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, so the 650, and 650/ER margins are beginning to approach the 550 and I suspect sometime next year we may have the crossing point on that. We haven’t yet planned out our cash in any detail with respect to the 500s and 600s. We expect to see some this year but more going into next year. And by the way, we’ll give you a lot of color in the fourth quarter call in January about the order activity on both of those airplanes.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So we announced at the rollout that we had several orders, large orders. And the order activity has been very positive since then. But I don’t really want to give you a battlefield update and we’re just barely end of this quarter. So we’ll be able to give you some confirm color and details in the fourth quarter call.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, we haven’t played in the JLTV market and on AMPV. We’re continuing to work with our customer on options for where our vehicles may make some sense. But our mature programs and our tanks and strikers are doing exactly what we thought they did would do and very good margin performance and good earnings. So, we have a lot of stability on those as of today on our Ground Systems’ domestic markets.
Phebe Novakovic: So, you would aptly and correctly pointed out the, for the 650 order book. And given the length of time between order today and a delivery of that aircraft, is has some distortion in our book-to-bill. And we’ve talked about that I think for the last five or six quarters. As we move into the new airplane orders, we expect something very similar. So, I think that we used to watch book-to-bill with great, in the Aerospace Group, with great, I wouldn’t say consternation but detail. And I think that’s what’s apt now. So what we watch for is the mix of the airplanes and so far our in-service models are doing very-very well.
Phebe Novakovic: That kind of depends on when we get an appropriations bill passed. As we’ve got money in 2015 appropriations for the striker bridge, the customer is very anxious to get those vehicles. So, it was pretty much inline of what we planned for in ’15 and ’16. But as I said we don’t have our detailed plans done, but there were no surprises.
Phebe Novakovic: So, the single largest factor particularly for this quarter in margins was pre-owned and we’ve talked I think for the last couple of quarters about with a business of this level of complexity there are a lot of puts and takes, aircraft mix, the mix of service both in terms of volume and types of service, what, some service jobs come in with a lot more high content work, R&D is lumpy, G&A can be lumpy, the pre-owned in this quarter was significant and we didn’t have much pre-owned in the first couple of quarters of this in fact zero in the first half of this year and we had three this quarter. So that is sort of I think well that is what affected our margins this year or this quarter. And then for the fourth quarter we’re looking for a pretty much the same, unless some margin compression but not a whole lot, again we anticipate a couple of pre-owned that carry no margin with it. Going forward, we believe that we’re going to see some margin expansions particularly as the 650 comes down its learning curve or not done improvement from the 650 in fact and production in fact are never really done. And then in the out years when we start to ramp-up 550 or 500 and 600 production we’ll see some compression in margin as we come down our learning curves. But again nothing that is remarkable or particularly out there.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, let me talk about growth and let’s go by Groups in the Marine Group you ought to see steady low single-digit growth year-over-year and we’ve been predicting that and that’s in fact what has happened. Combat Systems given the considerable backlog it has when we start ramping up production and that is largely going to be in’16 and ’17, and I think you’re going to see good bottom-line and top-line growth. And IS&T, we believe we’re at the bottom and we do at least had a good order book in this last quarter. So, we see some good potential there. So on cash conversion thus far fourth quarter will be lighter obviously because we’re beginning to disperse some of that cash to our suppliers.
Phebe Novakovic: And basically the same for completions, so, look margins are going to be, and I think you’ve seen, they are somewhat lumpy. They will -- earnings are going to follow revenue growth. But we will have lumpy margins for a whole series of reasons that we’ve talked about at some length. R&D will fluctuate, net R&D will fluctuate, G&A will fluctuate, mix is going to fluctuate, pre-owned. It’s a complex business with a lot of moving parts that you’ve got a lot of puts and takes, right.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, our performance continues to pay if it’s just that you’ve got in any given quarter there are things that are affecting it and activities that are affecting it. So we have on our gross margins on our airplanes continue to be very-very strong and we see improvement across the board, quarter-over-quarter. So, go ahead…
Phebe Novakovic: Not yet. The sanctions have only impacted us at very-very far margin, and more at Jet Aviation than in Gulfstream. And China, China has a history of variability in its order activity. So, I don’t see anything abnormal there.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, it’s stable. And we’re seeing some improvements, particularly in the larger cabins. Price is affirming up in the pre-owned.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So, in the case of Combat Systems, and by the way all of our internal reorganizations have been in response to changes in our market. So, as we looked at last year, our ATP and OTS business, it made eminent sense to go ahead and combine those two. Primarily some for scale but primarily to our cost reduction and that has executed beautifully. So, we’ve got nice-nice margin activity at now the new OTS. The IS&T was something we’ve thought about for a while. But again as our markets have contracted, it made sense now to integrate those two businesses primarily again for cost reductions. And we ought to see that, the margin benefit from that starting next year and going into the future. But also it provides us some scale which is helpful too in this down market. Look what we want to do in the down market is manage what you can manage and keep our margins as high as possible. So, we’ve had a long road of recovery on IS&T margins, but I anticipate that they will continue to improve.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, it’s an interesting question now let’s go to the, what we have done in anticipation of the new airplane. We learned a very important lesson with the 650 that a purpose build facility provides much greater margin expansion overtime, that plus the way these airplanes were designed if they were designed for producibility. So fewer parts and cleaner and clear build paper, work paper that get’s out on the shop floor, so given that we have these purpose build facilities and the way these planes were manufactured or designed, I think we’ve got very-very good earnings potential in the future. We’ve taken some work in-house that we previously had outsourced so largely just as a matter of control and efficiency for some of these parts that we are now manufacturing at Gulfstream, the transportation costs are significantly less when you move it from one building right over to the next building. So that was a factor and how we thought about optimizing earnings potential going forward for these new airplanes. I don’t believe that this is necessarily a model for the defense businesses, not something that they look at. The Marine Group is not a vertically integrated Group neither is our Land Systems. So they have a very robust and disciplined supply chain network and I don’t see them bringing more work in-house.
Phebe Novakovic: As you know we moved AxleTech into discontinued operations and we are selling at and I think it’s not appropriate to comment any further than that.
Phebe Novakovic: Any charges with respect to restructuring will be taken in the quarter in which they are incurred and more than offset by the cost saving. So we don’t see any material headwinds as a result.
Hunter Keay: Thank you very much. Phebe, can you give us a couple of updates on a couple of ground vehicle programs, I think we are in a bit of a state of flux for you guys; one is AMPV and the other is JLTV. On JLTV, could you confirm, have you guys excluded yourself from bidding on the LRIP contract next year? Are you officially going to, are you officially out of that program at this point? And on… Wolfe Research: Thank you very much. Phebe, can you give us a couple of updates on a couple of ground vehicle programs, I think we are in a bit of a state of flux for you guys; one is AMPV and the other is JLTV. On JLTV, could you confirm, have you guys excluded yourself from bidding on the LRIP contract next year? Are you officially going to, are you officially out of that program at this point? And on…
Hunter Keay: Yes, I was going to also ask on AMPV. So if you give me an update on that, that’d be great. Thank you. Wolfe Research: Yes, I was going to also ask on AMPV. So if you give me an update on that, that’d be great. Thank you.
Hunter Keay: Okay, and just one quick follow-up. I missed it. How long was the wait for G650 right now? Thank you. Wolfe Research: Okay, and just one quick follow-up. I missed it. How long was the wait for G650 right now? Thank you.
