Phebe Novakovic: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for being with us. As you can discern from our press release, we reported earnings of $2.64 per diluted share on revenue of $9.9 billion, operating earnings of $938 million and net earnings of $730 million. Revenue is up $489 million or 5.2% against the first quarter last year. Operating earnings are up $30 million and net earnings are flat against the year ago quarter. This increase in operating earnings was offset by a $31 million increase in the tax provision.  Recall that the first quarter 2022 tax provision was only 14%. Nevertheless, earnings per share are up $0.03 as a result of the stronger operating earnings and a lower share count. The operating margin for the entire company was 9.5%, 20 basis points lower than the year ago quarter. This reflected lower operating margins in Aerospace and Marine, which I will address in some detail later in these remarks. Revenue was $489 million better than first quarter '22. All of the defense units were up and Aerospace down slightly, less than 1% on fewer aircraft deliveries. We beat consensus by $0.05 per share. We have roughly $550 million more in revenue than anticipated by the sell side and lower-than-anticipated margins, leading to operating earnings basically consistent with expectations. The earnings per share beat was largely attributable to below the line items.  As Jason will amplify, cash from operating activities and cash after CapEx was very strong. This is particularly impressive following a very strong cash performance in '22 and not at all typical for us in the first quarter. Obviously, we were off to a very good start from a cash perspective. This is an important respects, a strong quarter, a good foundation for the year, subject to some supply chain issues that I will try to eliminate as we discuss the business segments.  At this point, let me ask Jason to provide detail on our order activity, solid backlog and very strong cash performance as well as commentary about the Technologies group in the quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: So we think that we plan to have Q1 as our lowest margin quarter. And we'll continue to work to that. Virginia is -- it will stabilize once we get the schedule and supply chain issues resolved. But at this point, it's some comment on electric boat to continue to do better to offset those costs. So with respect to revenue, there's clearly some upside pressure there, but we're going to hold any other additional comment for the moment.  So let's go to Colombia. And I think just the Navy has clearly articulated it -- firmly articulated that we are ahead of the contract schedule. The contract schedule is what matters. So let's put a little context on this. We are on the Colombia. We are 16 years into the 20-year lead ship schedule. I think within that context, it's indicative of the actions we have taken heretofore and those that we will continue to take to keep this program on schedule.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So with Aerospace, we have -- let's be clear, we have been dealing with supply chain issues for some time, and we've been able to manage through them. This quarter, we had 2 large suppliers get worse. We have, however, as I noted in my remarks, light at the end of the tunnel by our clear visibility in -- through our clear visibility into the third and fourth quarters where the majority of the supply chain improves. And we're working very hard with all suppliers, both in terms of teams and additional production help and to also encourage them to allocate the necessary resources in order to make their contracting schedules. So we are pretty comfortable that we can resolve these issues in the third and fourth quarter. But Gulfstream has done a magnificent job heretofore in even this quarter and managing through these challenges. With respect to the Virginia-class program, we have been talking about the supply chain challenges for some time. And as with all heavy manufacturing and labor-intensive manufacturing construction projects, manpower is a significant impact and the impact from the -- and the ramifications from the pandemic hit that supply chain pretty hard. We're beginning to see that remedy with the help of the Navy and a lot of support. So we'll continue to work with our supply chain and all elements of that supply chain as well as our customer who is very engaged to ensure that we can get that Virginia cadence back on schedule.
Phebe Novakovic: We have been working very closely with DoD and the Army to ensure that we increase production and move...
Phebe Novakovic: Okay. So let me answer Doug's question. We've been working very closely with DoD and the Army to increase production and throughput. And we've done that in a couple of ways, upgrading existing facilities increasing the number of shifts and building new facilities with more modern equipment. So to, again, accelerate production, we have already done so and are quite confident in our ability to do even more.  So we are -- we've been receiving adequate and -- completely adequate funding to execute all of this. And we are quite confident that we will move throughput much quicker and will expedite the delivery of this critical capability to the Army.
Phebe Novakovic: We will resolve -- we expect to resolve all of the supply chain issues. And what you ought to think about is the third quarter and fourth quarter being quite robust. And I think what you're getting at is the deliveries that we expect to execute for the year at about 145. We're pretty confident we can get there. If we miss, it's just going to be by a little.
Phebe Novakovic: So implicit in your question is the fact that Colombia enjoys a higher national rating in terms of urgency than Virginia. We had fully contemplated that with the U.S. Navy when we negotiated the most recent block of Virginia that was in concert timing wise with the Columbia negotiation. So we're working with the Navy to ensure that the language that we had incorporated into the Virginia contract to accommodate any such impacts on Virginia from a Columbia prioritization could be addressed. And the Navy has been working very closely with us. So we were mindful of that and have been for some time.
Phebe Novakovic: I'm not going to speculate on how this will be addressed ultimately with our customer. But, this is more of a future issue rather than in the moment issue. That was not the primary driver of the quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: So our plan going before March 10, was that, in fact, we had anticipated a book-to-bill -- full book-to-bill of 1:1 on at that point, higher deliveries. So on a going-forward basis, it's our working assumption that we will continue to see 1:1. And at the moment, we see no reason why that can't be achieved.
Phebe Novakovic: We have seen the orders come through. And we do not yet have out your clarity on the exact timing of the additional production, but we will see additional production. And because of the priority of the 155, I think the nation has learned a lot about 155 artillery shelf. So we've done a lot to increase production already, and we are quite confident that we can go even faster.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, I think during the height of COVID, there was so much disruption at all labor markets that we may have seen some issue then. But frankly, it didn't impact us. We're not seeing anything at the moment that is impacting our ability to fly, our customers' ability to fly or frankly, flying hours.
Phebe Novakovic: No, it is not. And we are in pretty good shape here with respect to our certification. And look, this is an extremely mature, safe and sophisticated aircraft. So we're working very closely with the FAA to ensure that they've got the proper resources here to execute the certification, but it is coming.
Phebe Novakovic: I think you may need to think about the second quarter being our lowest quarter and then with a very steep and executable ramp-up in third -- third and fourth quarter, I tried to give you guys an awful lot of color in the remarks about the puts and takes on all the margins with respect to Aerospace. But we -- we'll get through the second quarter. And frankly, these first 2 quarters are aberrational in terms of Gulfstream margins, and then we ought to see nice pickup in third and fourth quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: So we've been doing that for some time. As you all know, the supply chain on the Aerospace side has been taxed for quite a bit of time. So they were not taking any new actions that we haven't already executed, and we're just ramping up some of those actions as we -- in the first quarter and then as we go into the second.  But we have, as I said earlier, a very clear line of sight into the third and fourth quarters and the majority of these suppliers fully anticipate getting better. And we'll work with the remaining ones to ensure they've got the resources to execute the contract.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So we have factored the net of payments to the supply chain, which has been very patient through this whole period into our estimates for the year.
Phebe Novakovic: So it's multiple suppliers, some large and some small. And we have, again, continued to work with the Navy to address the challenges that they all have faced. And even though you have different sized businesses, many of them have been confronted with the same labor dysfunctions that we saw coming out of COVID. The Navy has been providing as well as the Congress been and providing funding to address some of the challenges within the industry -- some Marine industrial base, and we're hopeful that over time, that will resolve.  And we'll continue to see, I believe, improvement as we get into Block 5 and the supply chain stabilizes, but we've got ways to go there. And I think importantly, and this is the way we certainly think about it, Electric Boat just has to get better and faster to overcome any unexpected additional future supply chain challenges that may hit us. But we're not going to get into listing parts. This is an enormous supply chain. You can imagine with thousands of suppliers all over the nation.
Phebe Novakovic: So again, coming out of COVID, I think we all felt a little bit of the labor constraint. But one of the reasons that we saw increased revenue in this quarter was extremely strong throughput coming out of as a result of robust hiring that they have executed and the training of those workers so that they hit the ground running, and we're able to have additional -- execute additional throughput up at So we consider that a good bellwether for our ability to continue to hire to meet our needs.
Phebe Novakovic: So when you look at historically Combat orders, they tend to be pretty lumpy. I think the important way to think about it is the underlying credit could exist, let's say, it is an increasingly insecure and threat-driven environment, and that will drive additional orders, when those execute, will be a little bit lumpy, but we have -- we expect to see a continued demand, including on the munition side. But we have planned in -- for our plan this year, we've executed, we've anticipated margins that are pretty consistent with what they've been doing. It's just executing, operating, ensuring that we've got operating leverage, including on these new facilities that we're putting in place. But recall, this is a group that has extremely strong operating leverage and based on their efficiency and blocking and tackling on the shop floor. So we'll expect to see margins continue.
Phebe Novakovic: I tried to be pretty clear that we do not anticipate any -- at Gulfstream, the margin performance in these 2 first quarters replicating in third and fourth quarter. In fact, we see a fairly strong ramp to increase margins. These margins are aberrational and we do expect some additional perturbations on the supply chain and out of station work Gulfstream as well as mix issues.  With respect to Marine systems, it's material timing between first and second quarters. And in technologies, it's transitioned from mature programs that are winding down and being replaced by some follow-on new starts. So in each one of these groups, we are seeing a convergence of in the quarter, particularly lower margins and lower earnings and sales than we typically see. We usually have a steady build through the year. This is rather, as I said, aberrational, but we'll get through this. And importantly, we don't see these issues leading into third and fourth quarter, we anticipate a very strong third and fourth quarter, and that is unchanged.
Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. We had a solid quarter from an orders perspective with an overall book-to-bill ratio of 0.9:1 for the company. Order activity was particularly strong in the Combat Systems group, which had a book-to-bill of 1.5x. We ended the quarter with total backlog of $89.8 billion, off 1.4% from the end of last year, but up 3% from a year ago. Our total estimated contract value, which includes options and IDIQ contracts, ended the quarter at more than $128 billion. Turning to our cash performance for the quarter. It was another exceptional start to the year, with operating cash flow of $1.46 billion, representing 200% of net income. This very strong cash flow was heavily loaded in the last few weeks of the quarter. After capital expenditures, our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.3 billion, a cash conversion rate of 178%. While we continue to enjoy strong cash performance in Aerospace & Technologies, the Combat Systems group, in particular, delivered outstanding free cash flow this quarter. As expected, the U.K. resumed payments on the AJAX program. This coupled with the ongoing progress payments on our other large international vehicle program drove the group's cash performance. This is consistent with our expectation for the year of a cash conversion rate in excess of 100%.  Now turning to capital deployment. Capital expenditures were $161 million or 1.6% of sales in the quarter. Similar to last year, you should expect capital expenditures to increase in subsequent quarters throughout the year. Also in the quarter, we paid $345 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 400,000 shares of stock for $90 million at just over $220 per share. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of over $2 billion and a net debt position of $8.5 billion, down nearly $800 million from year-end. As a reminder, we have $750 million of debt maturing in the second quarter and we are in a position to pay that down with the cash on hand following the receipts at the end of the first quarter.  Our net interest expense in the quarter was $91 million compared to $98 million last year. Benefiting from the debt repayment in the fourth quarter of 2022. Finally, we had a 17% effective tax rate in the quarter, consistent with our full year guidance.  Now turning to operating performance in Technologies. We're off to a solid start. Revenue in the quarter of $3.2 billion was up 2.5% over the prior year, modestly ahead of our expectations for the start of the year. The measures implemented at Mission Systems to overcome what seems to be the new normal in the supply chain are taking effect, which gives us confidence about their outlook for the balance of the year. And GDIT had their highest quarterly revenue and earnings in 4 years as they continue to deliver on their year-over-year growth trajectory. Operating earnings of $299 million were consistent with last year, yielding a margin of 9.2%.  As we discussed in January, margins will continue to be driven by the mix of IT service activity and hardware volume. Backlog grew during the quarter with the group achieving a book-to-bill ratio of 1:1 on strong order activity in IT services that included some important wins not yet factored into the backlog. This includes the Army's flight test school training support services contract valued at $1.7 billion. And Air Force IDIQ with a total potential value of $4.5 billion between 2 awardees for security support services, and a pair of IDIQ contracts with the EPA with a potential value of $380 million to support the agency's environmental and climate initiatives.  In fact, GDIT booked the highest orders they've seen since the second quarter of 2019. And their pipeline remains robust with $19 billion in submitted bids awaiting customer decision and another $84 billion in qualified opportunities identified.  Now let me turn it back to Phebe to review the other business segments.
Jason Aiken: It absolutely is. We saw a good trajectory and gaining some traction in the quarter. That's part of the reason why volume was up nicely in the quarter, and they seem to be on a good path to overcoming that bottleneck in their system. So gives us confidence for the opportunities we have in the second half of the year.
Jason Aiken: Yes. So obviously, it was a positive development to see the payments resume here in the first quarter as we expected. The path forward with the customer is an ongoing discussion, we've worked through the revised schedule for the program. But some of the other particulars around milestone payments and progress on that schedule are still in the works. So it would be probably remiss of me to get out ahead of that.  In terms of the Canadian program, things are continuing to proceed well. That customer for the past 3-plus years has paid on time as per that schedule we negotiated. And so a couple more payments to come this year. And then really, what you can think about it is the entire arrears that we were dealing with some 2, 3 years ago will have been paid down and will be in a normal program cadence and schedule at that point, so by the end of this year.
Jason Aiken: So keep in mind, Ron, when we talk about merging those businesses, they still remain 2 independent and stand-alone operating units within our model. So not really anything to think about from a cost synergy perspective, I think the way to think about that is more of a revenue synergy point of view in that what we talked about is -- those 2 businesses are seeing a real convergence on a number of fronts within their markets, what their customers are interested in procuring in terms of end-to-end solutions that include the IT service side, software solutions as well as hardware as well as where their competitors are going in the market to address those demands.  So bringing those 2 businesses together has put us on a good footing to address that market and those demands. And that's what we're seeing, and you're seeing that in the positive order performance in the quarter and book-to-bill, capture rates, win rates and so on. So all of that gives us good confidence in terms of the trajectory of the outlook that we see for each of those businesses.
Jason Aiken: Yes. So I want to make sure I understood your question correctly. It was a roughly GBP 480 million payment that was received. And to Phebe's point, that the net impact of that after paying out supply chain elements on the program, all of that's factored into the outlook that we have for the year. So that 105-ish percent conversion rate for the year that we talked about is now intact and all that much more certain based on the activity in the first quarter.
