Phebe N. Novakovic: So the new aircraft sales opportunities continue to look very good and we got strong customer interest but we are still seeing extended negotiation periods in order to get that order closed and what that drives is some difficulty in being very specific and precise about the quarterly progression. So our orders have intended to be a little lumpier like in the first quarter building with a strong fourth quarter finish. That’s the pattern that we have been looking at for a while and this year looks about the same with no material difference. But the order interest, the activity is very-very strong. It’s just when we get to closure and that’s what makes it difficult for us to be real clear and specific on quarter timing.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. We talk the last couple of call about understanding our mix and our order activity and when you have got a four year backlog on the 650s, you are not likely to see and in fact it's somewhat impossible to get a one-to-one book-to-bill. So what we follow very carefully is the order activity and sign-ups for large cabin, mature aircraft, 450 and 550 and 60% of the orders in the quarter were for those two models. So again, very, very strong for the 450 and 550.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So, pricing is holding up nicely in the pre-owned market and looks to be stabilizing in the large cabin market, particularly on the 550. In the mid-cabin, we see a little bit more pricing pressure but that is nothing new. This is consistent with what we have seen in the past. And so far the activities in Ukraine and Russia have not affected our operations. Our Moscow operations are continuing and Gulfstream hasn't seen any material activity.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So we didn't give specific update for the segment guidance and we are holding to it at the moment. We will update it in the second quarter when we've got more clarity about where exactly the puts and takes are across the business, but we are confident enough to increase our overall guidance. So we are very comfortable with that. With respect -- and I will just tell you, with respect to combat in particular we are still holding to our low to mid 14% range in aerospace we are still looking at the 17% margin range. So nothing has changed and we are very confident in both of those numbers.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me talk a little bit about margins in quarter versus our budget and they are attributable to two primary factors, lower than anticipated pre-owned sales and better than expected G650 cost performance. So going forward we don't see that margin performance repeating for a whole host of reasons mix shift, supplier cost, timing of other expenses. So when we factor all of those into our thinking at the moment we don’t see that kind of upside to margins over our guidance. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: So we like our strategic positioning. I like that balance between aerospace and defense, and that our defense business is as I pointed out and we’ve seen now quarter-over-quarter through the last year are holding up very, very nicely. With implicit growth in the marine group, which we don’t talk of a whole lot about, it doesn’t get a lot of attention but in addition to block IV we’ve got considerable suitable revenue upside for the next several years as we move increasingly into a higher replacement and we gear up even more on the two year of Virginia class construction. So there is some upside in our first of our current sort of sales profile on the defense side driven primarily by marine group but not exclusively. So stabilized combat and IS&T is continuing to hold the trend.  So I like where we are with respect to our balance between our commercial aerospace and business jet market and defense. When you think about capital deployment I think clearly we need to -- we will and we do make investments where we believe we are likely to get a good return and you will see over the last, frankly almost decade now, we’ve been heavily investing in Gulfstream and that investment is beginning to pay-off with very purposeful our capital deployment strategy at Gulfstream, because we believe and history has proven us correct that it was a business jet market and our place in that market was a good market to invest in.  So I think that the rectitude of that, the series of positions many years ago that we're continuing to follow makes it an awful lot of sense. So I think going forward you can expect the same kind of behavior for us so we see an opportunity to grow very accretively and profitably we will.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So I think the underlying assumptions in your -- in the beginning of your questions on Minsheng we have delivered a number of those airplanes. Going forward we have conservatively booked that order, the order was for 60 aircraft and another 20 options and we were very conservative in our bookings of those firm orders. So as we go forward and we like -- that’s a terrific business for us Minsheng is a close partner. We have a very good relationship with them and we see that as steady. It will come in episodic orders, speed orders but so far we like where we are.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, it is fair. But we have a history with Minsheng that when they place an order they mean it. And when we declare it when we move it from estimated potential contract value in to firm orders we have got a lot of deposits and we have a slot and a delivery profile. So, so, that's again we are -- this isn't a big pop with no substance. When we announced these orders with Minsheng the full intension is to execute and with -- you know our commercial exposure right, it's going to be driven by macroeconomic factors but so far there's considerable demand for these airplanes in China.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So a couple of things. Absent a significant change in the threat environment, or a return to the sort of self-destructive government behavior across the board spending type, we believe that we have crossed at least in our programs and I would point you to the strong backlog as a harbinger of our sales performance. The majority of our programs are programs of record and as we talked before they tend to fare better in a funding constrained environment. So combat, combat's going forward profile is, is heavily dependent and tied to international orders. We have seen those orders begin to come in. There are more out there in our pipeline, frankly fairly robust. The investments spending on both army and the marine core is at sustainment levels and we factored back into our plan and we are comfortable with that those programs that we have on our plan are executable and that the funding is available.  And to marine I touched on the two big drivers of Ohio replacement and the Virginia-class through the year. We also see continued interest in commercial containership and tanker market. So those again, those orders for the commercial during that ship building tend to be a little bit more of the products but we still have a healthy pipeline that we are continuing to explore with our customers. So if I step back in IS&T, IS&T has again largely we believe stabilized itself. It's a growth engine there being GVIT, not surprisingly. Our ISR business is stable with long standing programs of record. And our networking and communication business has downsized itself in response to the revenue decline and again has programs of record that they are continuing to execute on.  So across the board I think that we are on the defense side very well positioned. Again I point you to our backlog. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So let me talk a little bit more about the Q1 margins. I mentioned our $29 million charge. We also have some contract mix, changes across the group that will normalize as we go through the year quarter-over-quarter. And you will recall that we moved the specialty vehicle to UK Vehicle program out of the backlog in IS&T and in to combat and that is a conservatively booked program given the state that it was in at the beginning of 2013.  So those were some of the margin pressures we saw in the first quarter. With respect to going forward I think that this group has amply demonstrated their ability to reduce costs faster than revenues declined. So we've seen quite a bit of operating leverage from them. As you think about Combat Systems at the height of their revenue and in 2009 kind of crowding 10 billion we've seen a 40% decline in margins and yet last year we had -- in revenue last year we had 15% margins and this year we are looking at 14% and I don't see anything in our backlog or in our performance year-to-date that would suggest that we're going to have headwinds on margins.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes so it's going to be in excess of $1 billion and but again much of that will be deployed quickly obviously to our subcontractors. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: So we are continuing to come down that learning curve. And our 650 margin performance on both the green airplanes and outfitted the airplanes is improving quarter-over-quarter. So very nice operating performance on the 650, and we expect that to continue. Certainly we're going to -- the learning curve will flatten out as we go forward but so far we expect to see additional margin improvement on both green and outfitted airplane.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So C4 saw the largest decline in the quarter in-line with our plan and as you'll recall we talked quite a bit at the end of last year and beginning of this year about our attempt to de-risk our army exposures C4 has done that. So what we see right now going forward to C4 is they've got almost everything in all their revenue in their backlog.  So I think that they can see some stability from a revenue perspective based on our expectations going forward. And again their programs of records particularly when TR are really doing quite nicely. Each one of those businesses had a book-to-bill of 0.9 or greater. So that also tells me that there is support for our products. So they've got C4 so let's recall has exposure to the UK and Canada and fairly robust exposure in both markets. So that helped offset some of the uncertainty we've had in the past about army spending. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah. It too soon for us to walk back from that decline. We had a good first quarter, a good book to bill but I don't want to get out ahead of that because as I mentioned earlier one of the big drivers is that the largest driver in IS&T revenue is going to be our healthcare business and that is very, very seasonal and we usually -- what our experience has been over the last year and half we only get a quarter worth of notice, the warning that we are going to have to up our activity. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the pre-armed and let me give you a little bit more color on this. The pre-armed sales activity was lower in the quarter that we had anticipated but we still expect to take pre-armed and remainder of the year that obviously has margin headwind. We also going to have some mix shift that we are anticipating. Timing and other expenses and we thought supplier cost that we are factoring into our thinking. So it is 650 performance continues to be good but as we go out to produce more mid cabins we are going to see those are lower margins particularly on both of those 280 and the 150 and that provides you know that causes some headwind in margin activity.  So it’s really the big shift, supplier cost and timing that make us properly cautious about the margin expectations for the year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: You know the 450 is a lower margin airplane than the 550, in fact 650 margins have now exceeded the 450 margins largely because of the supplier cost that we talked about before and those increases in supplier cost hit the 450 pretty robustly. So the service activity we anticipate continued a good strong level of service activity. It’s very, very strong in the quarter and going forward jet continues to be profitable.  So I really go back to mix our shift on 450’s and mid-cabins and higher pre-owned, our supplier cost and then the timing of some other expenses. So it really is premature from us to get out there and project -- I don’t see at it at the moment, 19% or 18% margins doesn’t mean we also….
Phebe N. Novakovic: That’s right. Well not pretty sharply but it is shifting. And those margins have been compressed for the reasons we…
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me give you sort of overarching view and then I’ll let Jason give you some more color. But we used our balance sheet when we believe that there's an appropriate opportunity to make accretive investments. We have sufficient cash flow for this year to support the kind of share repurchases and dividends that we anticipate. So I frankly like where we are, and we like our credit rating we want to retain it. We don’t see any reason to leverage the balance sheet to get a quick path in share repurchases that aren’t necessarily repeatable in the next year. And this is too much of your future flexibility, not what we want to be.
Phebe N. Novakovic: It comes from three things. The maintaining or at least anticipating the EPS-based on our current share count. We see operating improvements that are driving about half of our current increase in our estimates on EPS. And but that we are not in a position to parse that, those operating improvements with any details among the four units. That’s why I think I am far more comfortable in giving you that kind of color on the second quarter when we’ve got more clarity about where we’ve been through the half of the year and how the rest of the year shapes up.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So we want to as you know our past behavior will influence us going forward. We raise our production rates when we are confident that we can execute efficiently, green deliveries and profitable, green deliveries and outfitting. You will recall on the 650 we spent a majority of last year working through the -- what we call the dis-equilibrium on the retrofit. So that's -- we're mindful that we had a pretty detailed plan that we effectively put behind us. But it seems to me a bit -- I guess imprudent to get up there and begun to pump up the production rate until we have got more experience on a quarter-by-quarter basis on both the green deliveries and outfitting. So we are properly balanced at the moment. We will consider increases in rates. We do that at the end of every year and then that's how we set our guidance for you in the following year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: More back-to-basics. I don't think you can ever get away from absolute requirement to improve your operating performance quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. You never got enough, you're never done. So that is going to be a strategic focus and tactical execution of this management team going forward. In addition we are -- I think that's been clear from our behavior heretofore in the year that we anticipate the deployment of all if -- most if not all of our free cash flow in dividend and share repurchases.  So that's something we were not able to accomplish last year that we will. So increased focus on the shareholder friendly cash deployment and more blocking and tackling on operation, return in invested capital, expanding margin and managing for cash. It's just never done.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So you quite rightly pointed out that in the marine group we have organic growth potential and therefore as you would expect we have invested in the marine group, largely in infrastructure and capital structure since those are capital intensive businesses. In combat, what we have really our raise on that the last year and for this year as well is to size that business accordingly. But we make investments as we go along in those lines of business where we see a profitable return. So I think you can see that and our expectations on ELS.  We have invested by fairly significant investments in restructuring, why to make that business more competitive and we're beginning to see fruits of that labor. That's also true in the UK. You have had significant restructuring charges in the UK to make us more competitive, and position ourselves for again organic growth and that's in the IS&T business. Our Intel and ISR business, we continue to invest in appropriate with the returns we expect in the market. Our IT Services business is a low investment business by definition. So I don't really see an organic requirement to invest in the IS&T business in C4. We invest appropriately Canada and the UK and right size the business in the United States with the demand. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: I think I will anticipate where you are headed in this quarter. We pulled some of the margin performance into the first quarter so I expect the fourth quarter to be lighter than the first quarter. That is different than we anticipated when we gave the guidance which was light in the first quarter and then building with the strong fourth quarter. We still expect a strong fourth quarter but not at the same level for all the reasons that we've articulated this morning. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes it's a good thing our communications products are more reliable than this thing, who knows what happened. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: So I think as we think about 2015 it's obviously too soon to tell and we'll -- there are lot of factors that will emerge during the course of the year that will influence and inform our margin guidance but we anticipate that aerospace will continue to have very strong margin performance, both at Gulfstream, both this year and but equally important in ’15 at Gulfstream as the 650 continues to come down its learning curve, and also at Jet Aviation which is increasingly profitable. So nice performance at jet and they are positioned to increase their order book. They solved their operating challenges and so I expect more upside margin ignition from jet. 
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah, so you know I think somebody asked that question earlier about investments. Kind of this was the place where we made an investment, I was EDP at the marine group and I felt very strongly at the time that we needed to expand our repair footprint and we did that, so that we are now bi-coastal. In fact we are heavily represented in four of the five maybe home ports and we did that purposely with the expectation that as the fleet ages repair workflow increase. I frankly like repair work in general. It’s steady, it’s fairly predictable performance and very predictable performance if you know what you are doing and we do. So it’s been a nice on the surface side, it’s been a nice growth engine for us. We also just recently won up in the Pacific North West a very large repair contract for CVM. So that again expands our footprint b-coastally.  On the submarine side, submarine repair work tends to come from two sources, one excess workflow from the public yards and second emerging demand that as the fleet experiences issues well under sea, so in both of those instances we have seen fairly lumpy but when we get it pretty profitable submarine repair work.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Your assumption is quite correct that we have liked those investments, the return on those investments that we made in surface repair business.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So for very high performing shipyards, which our three shipyards are, margins change quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year almost entirely based on mix. So you would expect that when we get increase we get a new order we are going to see some margin compression, as we come down our learning curve you will see margins expand. That’s true on both the Naval, ship building side as well as the commercial ship building side. So NASSCO had very, very good margin performance on both its navy and commercial ship building work revenue, largely driven by just performance improvement quarter-over-quarter, day-after-day. The pay load issue we don't anticipate any margin compression on the issue that has come up with the North Dakota. We discovered that in concert with our navy customer and are addressing their requirements to do a complete inspection. So no real I mean it was a surprise and unfortunate. But we are [nearly set back] with our flow under control and it's frankly it's a supplier issue and we will address that. 
