Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. The first thing I'd like to address is the unusually high corporate operating expense of $71 million in the quarter, which is up from $32 million in the year ago quarter.  Given our full year expectation of around $110 million in corporate expense this year, you might have expected a first quarter number similar to last year. However, this year was impacted by a change to some of the terms of our equity compensation plan, which resulted in the acceleration of the expense associated with those awards. This was a onetime noncash item, and you should expect a lower corporate expense in the remaining quarters to result in our full year outlook of $110 million.   If you consider the performance of our operating segments in the quarter, excluding this corporate expense anomaly, the segment margins improved from 10.3% a year ago to 10.4% this quarter.   Turning to our cash performance. We had the strongest first quarter we've seen in some time. Following several years of negative free cash flow in the first quarter, this quarter was a marked improvement due in large part to the strong order activity at Gulfstream and ongoing progress payments on our large international vehicle program at Combat Systems.   For the quarter, we generated operating cash flow of nearly $2 billion for a conversion rate of 270% of net income. Including capital expenditures of $141 million, our free cash flow was $1.8 billion or a conversion rate of 250%. So the quarter was well ahead of our expectations, some of which was favorable timing in our operating working capital, but the performance certainly reinforces our outlook for the year of free cash flow conversion at or above 100% of net income.   Looking at capital deployment, I mentioned capital expenditures were $141 million in the quarter or 1.5% of sales, which is consistent with last year. We're still planning for CapEx to be around 2.5% of sales for the year. We also paid $330 million in dividends and increased the quarterly dividend nearly 6% to $1.26 per share. And we spent over $290 million on the repurchase of $1.3 million of our shares at an average price of almost $225 per share.   After all this, we ended the first quarter with a cash balance of $2.9 billion and a net debt position of $8.6 billion, down $2.8 billion from this time last year and about $1.3 billion below the year-end position.   Net interest expense in the quarter was $98 million, down from $123 million in the first quarter of 2021. The decrease in 2022 is due to the $1.5 billion reduction in debt last year. We have another $1 billion of outstanding debt maturing later this year, and we'll have more to say about our plans related to those notes as we get closer to their maturity in November.   The tax rate in the quarter at 14% benefited from the timing of equity compensation activity and associated deductions, consistent with our expectations. So no change to our outlook of 16% for the full year. But, of course, that implies a higher rate for the balance of the year to arrive at that outcome.   Order activity and backlog were once again a strong story in the first quarter with a 1:1 book-to-bill for the company as a whole. As Phebe mentioned, the order activity in the Aerospace group led the way with a 1.7x book-to-bill, which is also the book-to-bill for the group over the last 12 months. As a result, aerospace backlog has increased by almost 50% in the past year.   Technologies and Combat Systems also had solid quarters with a 1.1x and a 1x book-to-bill, respectively. We finished the quarter with a total backlog of $87.2 billion, while total potential contract value, including options and IDIQ contracts was $129 billion.   Finally, a quick note on our expectations for EPS progression for the balance of the year. We expect the second quarter to be roughly $0.10 above the first quarter with more significant steps up in the second half of the year.   Howard, that concludes my remarks. I'll turn it back over to you for the Q&A. 
Jason Aiken: No. As you point out, we continue to receive steady payments on the international program that we reset a couple of years ago. So that continues apace. We're still working through issues with the customer on the U.K. side. So we hope to see that resolved later this year. . 
Jason Aiken: And just to add to that, David, and put another point on what Phebe mentioned there, the Columbia program, while we saw growth, as she mentioned in all 3 of the shipyards, the Columbia program did bring more than half of the volume increase in the quarter. So just from a mix perspective, those are early margin rates on that program are impacting the aggregate margin for the group, too. 
Jason Aiken: Yes. I think our overarching approach to this remains unchanged. We continue to target the mid-A credit rating and want to get our metrics in line with that for the long term. In keeping with that, I think you can expect us to retire this debt that we see coming due later this year. What happens after that, I think, remains a little bit in play. We'll have to see because we talked about the elevated debt we had post CSRA acquisition and the fact that we intended to bring that down, but we never intended to get back to the level we had been with essentially 0 net debt prior to that acquisition.  So now we're getting into the range looking ahead into the next couple of years where we're probably going to be evaluating, is this the place to land. We don't have an answer to that yet, but that's going to become more of the conversation. So we'll see where that plays out. I expect at this point that we'll go ahead and retire the debt that matures at the end of this year, but then we'll be more active in that conversation. But again, I think, ultimately, targeting that mid-A credit rating and everything that is attended to that. 
Jason Aiken: Yes, just making sure we understand the nature of your question. I mean if it's about this potential risk that Phebe talked about and the additional effort we have to undertake in the certification process, it is both a time risk, but, of course, cost travels with time. And so there's the burden of the additional effort that goes on, the man hours that have to occur to accomplish those tasks.  So it puts some pressure on the R&D budget. And as Phebe said, you saw some of that even in the first quarter. But I don't think any of this is enough to change the profile of what we've talked about either from an R&D spend in the aggregate in the '22, '23, '24 time frame or as we think about it in terms of the margin rate impact that it has on the business.  So again, just to recap where we see this, we're in an elevated state this year. It will remain elevated in '23. And then once we get the 700 and the 800 certified, it remains somewhat elevated, but will notch down a step down in '24 as the effort shifts more towards the 400, and then we'll see it sort of return back to more of a normal run rate level beyond 2024. 
Jason Aiken: I think fundamentally, there's no change to the way we've articulated our capital deployment priorities. We talked a little earlier about the dividend increase earlier this year. That was the 25th annual -- consecutive annual increase. We've made pretty clear the significant investments we've been making in the business over the past several years. And now really, if you will, if there's any pivot at all, it's shifting back the attention more toward rewarding those patient shareholders with return of capital and share repurchases.  And you've seen us do that last year. We embarked on that a little bit in the first quarter, and I think you should expect to see us continue that in a tactical and opportunistic way. M&A is always opportunistic. And as Phebe said, not something that we disclose out in front of anything. So that's kind of how you should expect us to behave. 
Jason Aiken: Yes. Payment levels this year are very similar to last year, both in the first quarter and for the balance of the year. So the pattern should be pretty similar. And again, that customer has been very consistent in their payments since we negotiated the recast of that program. 
Phebe Novakovic: Before you get into your question, some of you may have noted an interesting juxtaposition of the subjects in my remarks. And I'll just note this the capacity for technology to air is endless. So nonetheless, I hope you got the message. All right, go ahead. 
Phebe Novakovic: So we had higher R&D, but we had a very strong margin performance in services and a particularly good mix in service R&D at Gulfstream. We had also some improvement in gross margins. So that mix drove margins. 
Phebe Novakovic: We think that, that particular mix is going to be hard to replicate. But for the moment, we're sticking to our margin guidance that we gave you. Just to remind everybody, it is our custom to update you at the end of the second quarter with a full and detailed analysis of our prospects for the rest of the year by group and then a wrap up for the whole company. But we'll stick with what we've got now. We're off to a good start, however. 
Phebe Novakovic: No. This was an added process that we had not contemplated when we originally laid out our certification plan. And it's a result of events that are independent of us. 
Phebe Novakovic: So as we've noted before, margins will be compressed as we work down our learning curves on Colombia. And as you may recall, we are booking initial Columbia at a conservative margin. That, coupled with the well-publicized supply chain scheduling issues in Virginia, have driven some margin compression. But we expect those to stabilize over time as well. 
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. As we get further into production, the schedule stabilize on Virginia and both Bath and NASSCO will also contribute. So we are targeting that, and we believe that, that is fully achievable. 
Phebe Novakovic: So with respect to the supply chain, we are working through all of those. And we don't see those as impacting our '23 or '24 estimates that we gave you. Our estimates on Gulfstream are predicated on the current demand environment, which has been strong, as I noted, continues into this quarter along with our backlog. So we're pretty comfortable that we've got both the supply chain, the manufacturing capability to meet all of those 2 out-year requirements.  And as I noted in my remarks, if -- should there be a slip, then we will increase in production aircraft this year. But look, with respect to that slip -- potential slip, we wanted to be as transparent as possible to give you some insight when we saw it and then tell you that how we were going to address that so that there's no economic impact from that in either year '23 or '24. 
Phebe Novakovic: No, we've managed that lead times very successfully. So present and even given the robust demand, we do not see that as an issue. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well, as you know, we are reticent and loathe to talk about pricing, but you can imagine that the pricing has kept pace with other economic factors. 
Phebe Novakovic: So should the recent threat environment drive increased spending in rearming and recapitalizing land forces, we will see an increase in demand. And I suspect it to be aligned along our ordinance business as well as our vehicle business, both in the United States and at ELS. But I'm careful not to get ahead of our customers here. 
Phebe Novakovic: There could be some because clearly in today's war fighting environment, interoperability on networks and communication is critical and reliable interoperability. So I suspect there could be some increased demand, but we have not seen any of that so far. 
Phebe Novakovic: So let me address that holistically across the company because we've dealt with inflationary pressures and increases in commodity costs in varying ways through a portfolio of actions. One is our contract architecture. A second is to the extent possible price increases. We've cut costs in other areas to offset some of the increases and then where possible we've had commodity substitutions and part substitutions. So that combination of arrows in our quiver has mitigated any impact. And at the moment, we do not project a margin compression as a result of increased prices. 
Phebe Novakovic: I can't give you a very -- I can't unpack that and give you a very clear distinction between which of these capabilities or which of these tools has resulted in the largest impact on our ability to offset inflationary increases, but -- because it's a combination of things. In some contracts, you've got contract architecture that protects you. In other cases, you take additional cost cuts that you had not anticipated taking before. But one of the things you expect from a company with strong operating leverage is when a cost increases somewhere else, you have to find offsetting cost reductions. And so we have historically done that, and we're continuing to do that. And then in some instances, you can have product substitutions. That's not particularly frequently, but it can happen in some critical products. So I think it's that panoply of weapons that we've used to offset these increases. 
Phebe Novakovic: No. We continue to project $400 million to $500 million a year on average. You'll see some perturbations in quarterly growth, largely driven by material sales, but nothing that changes the trajectory. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well, yes, those are mixing kind of 2 different predicates. One, there's been a lot of talk about integrating various weapon systems on to shipboard platforms, but we haven't yet seen any of that materialize. And so it is not a question about capacity. We have adequate capacity that we expanded and updated and upgraded in the last few years through our capital deployment improvements at Bath and frankly, the other shipyards. So it's simply a question of the demand coming out of the U.S. Navy, and we haven't had any surprises there. They're continuing with respect to Bath and maybe have continued to support DDG-51 production. So we expect that to be a steady pace going forward. 
Phebe Novakovic: If you're talking specifically about Combat, I think that it's hard to give projections about timing when, in fact, the budgets for the most part, have not materialized in significant increases. But were they to in the land forces and land forces modernization, we have every expectation that the vehicle -- combat vehicles demand will increase and ordinance and armaments will increase. So I think it's premature to bake in any assumptions about growth until you really see some of that.  And I would say that one of the interesting things that we have not quite seen at the same level is the Abrams interest from multiple U.S. allies. So we'll have to see how that plays out over time. There are some potential out there. But as I said, I don't want to get too far ahead of our customers here, got to see how all this -- takes time to get from the threat to full funding to allocation of awards. I think you'll hear that from a lot of folks, not just us. 
Phebe Novakovic: So the wage increase at Bath is an attempt to help stabilize the manufacturing workforce and build ships faster. So this, in turn, will ultimately help competitiveness and margins. So we think we can fully address any cost impact. And I think the touch labor market has been less impacted by some of the well-publicized labor shortages and they tend to be more regional to the extent that they've existed. So we do -- we take each one of our lines of business on a case-by-case basis and then react accordingly. But Bath was a special set of circumstances given Maine and the realities in Maine regarding workforce. 
Phebe Novakovic: So to the extent that we expected an impact we anticipated it to show up at Jet Aviation in some of their European locations. But they were -- Jet was able to offset that with additional volume. With respect to Russia, as I noted, I think, before, they are less than 5% of our Gulfstream backlog and we had no deliveries this quarter, obviously. We've had no cancellations. And we have, in this demand environment, been able to manage the relatively few number of Russian airplanes in our backlog. So we do not see an impact at the moment. 
Phebe Novakovic: So we discussed, I think, with you, I think starting maybe in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter, the -- some of the chip shortages that we were experiencing at Mission Systems that was constraining the ability to deliver a series of different kinds of products. So we have largely worked through those issues at Mission Systems, but we are now contending with the pent-up demand that resulted -- was generated by last year's slower deliveries as a result of chip shortages.  And as we work through that, that ought to be upside for Mission Systems on the revenue side as we go forward. And then the timing of new orders typically at GDIT, they tend to be a -- tend to have a quarter lag or quarter and half lag from time of award to new starts. So we'll see some of the more recent larger awards begin to show up next quarter and then increasing over time. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well, we haven't heard a whole lot of that in the pipeline, but let's pass this prologue here. And I think what we have demonstrated repeatedly at Gulfstream is that Gulfstream is a very good cyclical. And in the past, what we've seen is relatively short economic perturbations and a pretty quick recovery at Gulfstream.  So I think our job is to manage and play the cards that are dealt to us, and we've done so very effectively. So you can probably estimate the future of the U.S. economy better than we can. That seems to be a great support and get a Nobel prize if you get it right. But we're quite comfortable at the moment on where we stand, and I'm very comfortable with Gulfstream's ability to continue to be a good cyclical. 
