Jay Johnson: Okay. I'd be happy to take that question. The order activity, Ron, was -- I would say very well spread across the product line. Large cabin dominating, yes, but we're also taking mid-cabin orders. The demographics of that are very heavily weighted to international, pretty consistent with what we've been saying in previous quarters. But actually in this quarter, it was even more so -- I mean, like 70-some percent international. A large portion of that came from Asia Pacific, probably half of that at least came from Asia Pacific and, as I mentioned, China being a major part of that. So it was a good dispersion, if you will, on the international space across the product line. Mid-sized activity continues. I would not characterize it as robust but certainly, improving the pre-owned inventory that's out there is working its way through the system. There's still more to come as I think you know. But for us, we are seeing continued mid-cabin activity, and we are taking orders to include our G250. The Middle East, I would characterize it as being about 10% of our backlog at Gulfstream, and that's proceeding. I would say that the order activity has probably slowed somewhat in the Middle East, as you'd probably expect but nothing drastic in terms of falloff or cancellations or what have you there.
Jay Johnson: Well, I mean, I guess the answer would be there would be a point. But that's not something that is of immediate concern here at all. It's a very deliberate process as both of you know, and the NTSB controls that process. But rest assured, Gulfstream is working with the NTSB and the FAA, as I said in my remarks, to analyze, to determine, to move forward as smartly as we can. To put a specific time line on that right now is just not something that I can do. But I would tell you that just to reaffirm, we are proceeding with all nonflying activity as it applies to the 650 program and our other programs as you’d expect. But specific to the 650 and at this time, reflected in me not changing my guidance, I don't see any impact to the year. We'll see how that goes obviously. But I don't want to presuppose anything from the NTSB. They have a very tough job to do, and we're helping them as best we can, and we'll get to a resolution here and return to flight at some point. I'm just not going to try to put a time line on that, except to say that I believe it's being treated as you would expect it to be treated very seriously with great discipline, with great analysis on both Gulfstream's part and the other entities. And we'll come to a safe decision here as soon as it's practical to do so. I realize that probably doesn't satisfy your desire for specifics, but that's about as specific as I can be right now.
Jay Johnson: Well, I've said very consistently that we anticipated about a dozen green deliveries this year, and we're proceeding along that pathway. And we are unencumbered on that pathway at this point with the exception of, quite obviously, type certification for the aircraft. So at this time, we continue to proceed. And at such time that we have to modify that, we'll make those adjustments and tell you. But that's certainly not the case now.
Jay Johnson: I think the way I’d characterize it, Peter, is the pricing is very, very firm on the large cabin and a little bit softer in the mid cabin, which I think is consistent across the industry right now, just as a function of mid-cabin inventory that's out there. But the large cabin pricing is very strong and holding.
Jay Johnson: That part of the first question? I'll take it because somebody else will ask it. But listen, there is work to be done as it applies to Abrams to your point. And we know that, and the customer knows that, and everybody knows that. If you look at the Army's lay down of heavy brigade combat teams with some 24 of them with 60 Abrams apiece, that and the industrial base issue that's attendant to that beautiful facility out in Lima, Ohio, we all realize that we've got some work to do to get from the multiyear that completes next year to the next phase, which some are saying doesn't need to start until 2016. So there’s -- filling that space with valid work is, I would characterize, a work in progress right now. Everybody is realizing that we've got something to do.
Jay Johnson: The R&D is net, and we had more alliance assistance in the first quarter, I think is the first answer. And as to the incremental production on the in-production large cabin, Cai, we do have some opportunity there to add an airplane or 2 as we kind of talk about every year. So there's some maneuver space there. And look, I'm not going to go into much more than I've already said about the 650, except to reiterate that at this point, I said we would deliver approximately 12 green 650s this year, and I'm still in a place in the year where I believe we can do that. And obviously, the type certification and the FAA restart with the NTSB authorization is elemental to that. But at this point, I'm quite comfortable suggesting that we carry out the plan.
Jay Johnson: Well, I think the way I’d characterize it, Jason, is it's a number of things, and I mentioned some of that in my prepared remarks. But you've got an OEM, how do I characterize it, shortfall, I guess, as a result of completions activity resulting from an economic downturn. The valley of that, that we're dealing with which then when you butt it against the narrow-body, wide-body work that's out there, the flow and the rhythm and the volume and the overhead and all of those things kind of come together. And you'd say, you know what, we may need to retool this business a little bit given the new scope of activity that we are seeing. That's probably the easiest way to say it. The margins I would anticipate would improve throughout the year. We're working very diligently to do that. And as I mentioned also, the other parts of Jet Aviation which really is what we bought Jet Aviation for – the global footprint, the service, the MRO -- is coming along quite handsomely.
Jay Johnson: The customer feedback has been very supportive, very concerned in terms of the losses that we've suffered and basically reaffirming their desire to get their airplanes.
Jay Johnson: We have seen some of that indeed, Richard, and we talked about some of that last year, and there was movement to the right. Yes, indeed, we still see that, I mean, the Spanish 8x8s are probably the most talked about example of that. We still believe that the Spanish 8x8 based on what everything the Spanish government is saying, the MoD is saying, will come to a decision this year. But we haven't seen it yet and that's why I mentioned I think that, that's not integral to our sales plan for the year. So yes, we are seeing some movement to the right. Having said that though, we’ve still got a lot of work ongoing. We're in production on -- development on the Specialist Vehicle in the United Kingdom where we're doing the first tranche of FMS tank upgrades at Lima right now and expect the production contract later this year. So we're doing between the FMS LAVs and the FMS tanks, there's lots of activity still apace with more to come that perhaps could be delayed. But right now, we've got a lot that's already in train which is good.
Jay Johnson: Your latter first. I mean, that is a very active market, and the pacing I think is picking up to a degree that perhaps -- I won't use the word surprised, but I mean it's accelerating, shall we say. But as I have said before, we're very mindful of the need to match the product support with the sales. So we're working very diligently with -- and to your last point about JVs and partnerships, that's the way you do business over there right now. So we're working diligently with partners over there to enhance the Product Support business as we sell airplanes into it. And also, if you heard my remarks, you heard me mention Singapore as a major, basically a major maintenance overhaul hub in Asia. All of that ties together to be able to capitalize on this growing market in China. We believe it will be a very robust market, and we just want to make sure that we're measuring ourselves properly into that market so we don't, as I like to say, overdrive our headlights and risk diminishing the premier brand that we have in Gulfstream.
Jay Johnson: Well, I think the numbers I gave are production numbers. And you've got in addition to that, as you know, you've got modernization, which is particularly significant in Stryker land and also will be in Abrams. You've got reset. You've got combat logistics support, which is ongoing. So there are more elements to it than just the production, I guess, is probably – it’s the safe way to say it.
Jay Johnson: Yes, concur your last, Joe, that's exactly right. I mean, we've got a pretty good -- not pretty good, we've got very good visibility on the year, which is why I reaffirmed about $9 billion in sales. We're less dependent than we were last year on sales coming into the book. So it's a better circumstance. But you're exactly right. I mean, the order book for next year is dependent on a lot of these things -- not dependent, but these would have more impact next year than they do this year, I guess, is the way I'd say it.
Jay Johnson: Yes, it is. And we're already working the front end of that, if you will, in Lima, and we anticipate a production contract later in the year. And we've got Stryker in the budget. We think, as I mentioned, we're going to get probably more Stryker. The Army wants more Stryker. We've got the double-V hull. We've got the reset on the -- not reset, sorry, the redo on the other 7 brigades that aren't double-Vs. The only -- the comment I'd make in addition to that, I mentioned in my remarks about Ground Combat Vehicle, that's one of the new development programs. So I would attach some risk to that to be pragmatic about it. But that's in the plan.
Jay Johnson: Well, my answer to that would be, certainly, yes. As you’d expect me to say. So I guess, I mean, honestly, you know we're deploying #8 and realistically they're looking at #9. So I guess my answer would be 9 to 12.
Jay Johnson: Well, I mean, the GCV is up for technology demonstration phase, as you know within, I'd say, any day, within a month or 2. And I think that will be very telling. We believe that, that will be delivered, seen through. And then decisions on GCV would probably be made after the technology demonstration phase. So that's why it's in our plan. We believe we'll be competitive as 1 of the 3 to be selected. So it's in our plan there. And the risk attached to GCV in my view comes later on as TD phase evolves or completes. The submarine piece is very, very dynamic and very strong in my opinion. In addition to the Virginia class, and we've talked about this, that’s 18 boats of at least a 30-boat requirement. Okay? Block III, we're on 3 of 8, Block III boats in the build right now, take us out to 2018. We are looking for and working with our customer on Block III. We are also, as you know, working the FSB and the Axle higher replacement. And in that in particular, I think the word as you were alluding to, the need for innovative build strategies and solutions is going to be extremely important because you know that about 2018 to 2019 as FSB and VNX requirements build in the next decade, the Virginia class requirement does not mitigate. So there's going to be a lot to be done and the need to be innovative and creative in how you source these and how you meet the requirements is going to be ever more important.
Jay Johnson: At the NASSCO, okay, this will take away from your question, Doug. But Amy is my truth serum here, and I need to go back to Heidi Wood's question just for one second for all of you. As it applies to Combat international sales, I stand modestly corrected here, in that the sales actually are going to be higher this year than they were last. And I think I gave you 23 or 24. It's actually the Combat international sales will be about 28% this year. So just to set the record straight. Okay, let's talk about Bath and NASSCO. We are complete -- let's take Bath first. At Bath, we anticipate the contracts for the 2 DDG 1000s #2 and #3 ships on anytime. We're working very diligently with the customer now to bring those to closure. The DDG 1000 itself is well into the build, about 40% complete on the manufacturing. It's in the Ultra Hall facility right now and being put together. It's a beautiful, huge ship. So that's coming together. We are in the last 2 builds of DDG 51s there right now, 1 11 and 1 12 by hull number and in the '11 budget will be a contract for another DDG 51. So you're going to see DDG -- you're going to see volume up as the 1000s come in, as the next 51 comes in. And then you're going to see margins compress, as I said, because of trading the maturity as the DDG 51 program for the impact of the first of the 3 DDG 1000s at a cost plus, and then #2 and #3 will eventually come in at fixed price, and we'll readjust the margins. By that time, I should also point out, we anticipate more DDG 51s as the Navy puts into reality the ballistic missile defense block of DDG 51. So that will be a steady stream of work, albeit, there’s some work to do to smooth the flow of those ships as I just described, okay? It's probably more than you needed. But that's kind of -- that's where we are at Bath. In NASSCO, I mentioned the T-AKEs. We do magnificent work at NASSCO building those T-AKEs. We've got the last 2 to finish next year. The MLPs are coming in now, okay, and we've got the Navy -- we're working with the Navy right now, and they've put them in sequence, which is much more efficient for both the taxpayer and for us on the build. And everybody likes that. That's in stride now. So you'll see T-AKEs starting out at the end of next year. We hope to start the build on the first MLP in May. We anticipate a contract any day, okay? And then the Navy has also pulled forward the requirement for the TAOX which is the next generation of oiler into -- I think it's about 2014 now, so there's still some work to be done there. But at any rate, on the Navy side, we see longer-term good opportunity at NASSCO. The commercial side is still lagging, as I mentioned. But there’s great interest in that market, the Jones Act market. It just hasn't translated quite into contract reality yet. As a result, and this applies to all our yards, but most specifically in NASSCO right now, that's why we put out warn notices, that's why we've resized that great workforce out there to continue to manage for profitability because if we don't have the work, we won't keep the workforce at idle. So the NASSCO longer-term is very bullish in my view. But we've got some work to do right now to get MLP into reality, which will happen. We're confident of that and to return to commercial work. Remember too whenever we talk about NASSCO and the other yards, but particularly here since we're talking NASSCO, the Repair business is a significant part of their book and at least 1/4 of the top line on last year and they're the only full service yard on the West Coast, so the Navy needs their capabilities and uses it a lot. So that will continue to be a fairly significant part of the business.
Jay Johnson: I think it's fair to say, Peter, the operative word for us as it relates to capital deployment is balance. We take a very balanced approach to it. The M&A opportunities are out there. It's been fairly dormant, shall we say, for the last 18 months as the economics went south. But there are opportunities out there. We continue to work some of those opportunities. I don't have something to announce to you today. But rest assured, we’re looking at opportunities in the Defense space, as well as in Aerospace. I mentioned in my remarks, on the Aerospace side, the global opportunity or the global footprint expansion, we see great opportunity there and expect to take advantage of it going forward. So there are M&A opportunities. We don't restrict ourselves in terms of -- we're very decentralized as you've heard me say before. I've got 13 businesses out there, each of which is tasked to continue to grow their business and look for opportunities inside their core or in adjacencies or in dual use in commercial defense, and that's exactly what they do and roll them up to us and then we make our assessments and either go or no go. The same is true on divestitures, by the way. So we look to shape our portfolio all the time, which is why you just read about us making a divestiture. That was a great book of business. But quite frankly, we didn't have the scale, and it will work better for somebody else than us. And so we don't hesitate to do something like that. We've also increased the dividend, as I mentioned. That's a significant part of our deployment, 14 years in a row. We're very much committed to dividend growth. And our share repurchase is done practically as we said and will continue to be done in that manner. So we've got pension requirements as you heard Hugh mention earlier. So it's a very balanced approach to capital deployment. But we do not believe even as a flat to declining Defense market, we do not believe there are no opportunities in Defense space, quite the contrary.
Jay Johnson: Well, let's just say, we believe we know how to contract, and we also know how to price in risk. And so I would, at the risk of putting words in the mouth of my negotiating team, I'm sure they are attending to all of that and working it very diligently. So I think we're actually getting fairly close.
