Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, I'm pleased with our book-to-bill, and I think year-to-date, we have -- important to understand that we've got 10% more airplane orders in units than we did last year. But let me give you a little bit of background here. That said, we are a few orders shy of planes in the quarter as against our plan. And I think this is interesting. The quarter started out very strongly, but closed slower with getting to contract taking longer. And I think, certainly, the domestic order activity has been impacted by the uncertainty caused by the government shutdown and debt ceiling deliberations in Congress. But at the same time, we've seen a year-over-year growth in emerging markets and the rest of the world. So that's providing us some stability in our order book. And by the way, on the domestic side, we've got a very strong funnel. It's just taking, I think, longer to get to contract in the environment of a considerable amount of uncertainty. We've talked about in the previous quarters that when thinking about Gulfstream orders, we need to consider the mix, right? So again, this quarter, Gulfstream booked orders for each of our aircraft, and the 450 and 550 constituted about 70% of those orders. So I always look at the order in terms of mix because I think that, that tells a pretty good story. So all in all, we've seen a pretty consistent increase in our mid-cabin 280 and across our large-cabin, and I don't see anything that materially changes that in the horizon that we can see.
Phebe N. Novakovic: 650 continues to take orders. So I consider that quite positive. And the software development, I think largely what we've had is superb operating performance of that airplane, and it's meeting and exceeding the users' expectations. We've still got some back end in terms of cabin software issues, and that's as much as user interface training and we need to make some changes, and really modest and moderate, so nothing that has been -- things that are a little bit of annoyance, I think, but quite rightly so to our customers, but nothing material. We're not concerned about that. These are normal and, frankly, far less sort of squawks that we've had in any of our other airplanes. So I think, that said, that 650 is really a game changer.
Phebe N. Novakovic: All right. Let's talk about that in 2 parts. First, green, green manufacturing. We have, as you know, a purpose-built facility, along with the fact that we designed for producibility. So both of those have improved our learning curve as we have continued to move green aircraft through our facility and through the line. So we're not at our optimal, you wouldn't expect that. In fact, I don't know where optimal is and we won't know until we hit it. And our experience is that no matter where we are in the maturity of our platforms, we seem to get -- we do get better and better and better. So with respect to green, we are in line with and even a touch ahead of where we anticipated we might be. But I think we talked about early on this year that we had yet to -- we had a disconnect between green and completion. So we have largely taken care of what I termed a disequilibrium between the 2, but we haven't gotten to a steady running rate on green -- or on completions and margins on completions. So that's going to take some time and have -- provide some upside, but it's going to take some time for us to work through that. But all in all, we're very, very pleased with the manufacturing process on the 650.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Absolutely not in this stage of the development, right now. Now going back 2 quarters, yes, it was far more challenging because we had built up this backlog of green in anticipation for the flight certification, and then we had an awful lot of fairly expensive rework. But we're past that, we're through that. And so our experience now is frankly there's -- it's the completion challenges aren't as great as they were in the early days of the 450s and 550s or the 5s and 4s. But nonetheless, we haven't hit full stride there and we probably have a little bit ways to go before that happens. That's just normal learning as we come down various learning curves.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, I think some of that is going to be available in our Q to the extent you can parse it. I don't really want to give you the eaches but let me give you just some general magnitudes. We have pushed R&D to the right as a normal part of -- as we've gotten into our development program. That will hit us in the fourth quarter. At the same time, launch assistance is an important part of our overall product development. And the launch assistance comes in lumpiness. So it's a little less in this quarter. So that's a fairly significant part of what's driving the margins down. In addition, we've got some timing issues at Jet, really fourth quarter, first quarter '14 kinds of issues, that are also having some margin compression. So in general, we're looking for margins in the close to 16% -- 15.7% range in Aerospace for the fourth quarter, as I've kind of articulated. And we're going to have a few -- fewer large-cabin deliveries, which is often what happens in the fourth quarter as we move around airplane deliveries to suit the needs of our customers. So it is a combination. You can imagine with a big business like this with a lot of moving parts, it's a combination of those items that I've already articulated.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So before I get into that, let me argue a little bit with the predicate. I don't recall ever saying that we would contribute more than 100%. That would require going into the balance sheet. And I actually was very careful not to say that. But I don't want to quarrel on that[ph] noise, but I do want to talk a little bit about -- and thanks for asking the question -- about cash and cash deployment in several respects. So first, I think you can see from our schedules in the press release that we have an increase in inventory and work-in-process. We are hard-working this because I don't like increases in working capital. And frankly, we're having trouble getting paid in a few instances. So we'll work through that, but it's affecting our free cash flow conversion. Second, we have higher pension contributions that we -- and we had planned those at about the $600 million level. Free cash -- we had expected free cash flow to be below 100% and anticipated around 90%. That was before the government shutdown and the latest crisis. And third, cash has been coming in late this year. I mean, we've been meeting our plan but it is coming in slightly [ph] later, usually the last day or 2 of the quarter and something we had anticipated -- or experienced in the first couple of quarters. But I think that this brings me to something that I'd like to share with you. I'd like to talk to you about the import of the brinksmanship on the debt ceiling and the shutdown, at least from my perspective. I think we should think about the shutdown in 2 phases for us. Phase 1 is DFAS and DCMA civilians were furloughed, execution on in-process invoice stopped. Phase 2, DoD calls DFAS and DCMA back to work, payment resumed. An extended phase 1 ultimately challenges liquidity. Simultaneously, this is no news to anybody, the government took the nation to the edge on the debt ceiling extension. And in my mind, we were forced to gaze into the abyss, where we saw the full faith and credit of our principal customer at risk. That was sobering and suggests that we need to be cautious with cash as we finish the year and move into next. And frankly, as I think about it, I think it is premature to assume that the conditions extend[ph] in October cannot repeat in January. It's entirely possible that we find ourselves an extended period of time trapped in Dante's first circle of hell. So I think all of that suggests that we need prudence and caution as we move into the rest of the year and the beginning of next year, until we can get a more stable plan from the government with respect to both the debt ceiling and funding for our principal customer.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. We're pretty much meeting our plan. But I'm mindful that we have seen some timing issues. They've all cleared, largely, within the quarter. But I think we're seeing slowdown in payments, certainly by our government customers and some of the customers for whom we are suppliers. So that just brings some caution. And there is nothing intrinsically, other than those things that I've mentioned, that will ultimately affect our cash generation capabilities. But it's largely a question of timing, not something that I'm alarmed at but something I'm watching very carefully.
Phebe N. Novakovic: In the Aerospace business, suppliers tend to contribute to the development of new products or refresh. We certainly do when we're supplying to Aerospace prime and on the commercial Aerospace side, and our suppliers do as well. That's nothing new. That's something that we've seen for the last 10, 15 years since we've been in development.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay. I appreciate this because I think this is an important question. As I go back and think about it, I explained to you all in January that we're going to work hard to make our order book, but I was uncomfortable giving you guys guidance around revenue, other than the most general, particularly in Combat. Because while we were going to work hard at revenue, we can't control it. And also, you may recall that the guidance I gave you was without regard to sequestration, let alone furloughs and the shutdown, all 3 of which has happened. So in a way, it's been, frankly -- it's no wonder that our revenue was lower. But I think this question deserves a little bit more clarity and detail, so let me give you that. Our sales are lower in Combat for 3 primary reasons, and I'll walk through each. First, most of the international orders we anticipated in the first quarter have not yet materialized and it's consistently slipped to the right. And clearly, without those, our sales estimates are going to be off. Second, we did not foresee the sharp decline in the military axle market as a result of the budget uncertainties in the Army and Marine Corps that have impacted both their force structure and equipment. And while MRAPs are remaining at some level within both of those services, they have been prioritized at a much lower priority as those services wrestle with the current environment. So we think that, as we can look forward, MRAP reset and modernization will occur in the future, but not at anywhere close to the level we anticipated. In my perfect world, in a sequestration-free environment, I suspect the outcome might have been otherwise, but that's not what we're facing. Finally and third, our U.S. Army customers' contracting activity is far slower than anything we had experienced to-date or anything we had anticipated. And I think that's because they're winding down 2 wars, rebalancing their budget, while unable to bring down personnel costs because of sequester rules. On top of which, they were whipsawed by the furloughs and shutdown. Their ability to contract has been pressured. So if you combine all of those, it's put a fair amount of compression on our sales estimates. That said, as you quite aptly point out, backlog for the quarter was up and our order activity was at about the 2012 running rate of about $1.4 billion and orders were twice the prior quarter. I don't want to get too far into the future because we are fairly early on in our planning horizon. But I will tell you that for the fourth quarter, we have included some of the large international orders, which should make up some of the difference reflected in this quarter's volume. But we are too late in the year to book enough sales to be in the range of our original plan. So sales for '13 are likely to be about 20% lower, at least under our current assumptions. I hope that helps give you a little bit of detail and color to parse through sort of what are the major muscle movements driving our sales impact.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I'm not comfortable giving the backlog, but I -- we anticipate several of those international orders which have -- I think I've been pretty clear and it's been obvious, have slipped to the right quarter-by-quarter. But the circumstances that we had, the marketing circumstances and the environment that existed in the first quarter are still here, it's just a question of patience, which is something I'm not particularly good at, but I am nonetheless required to be patient here. But we continue to see several of those orders coming in, in the fourth quarter.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I really don't want to get into it, no surprise to you, but nice try asking, and to the book-to-bill by unit, because then I'll spend the rest of my time here in an exegesis on the various lines of airplanes we've got. But we've -- we have an order book and the funnel on the 450 and 550 have continued, and we see an uptick also in the 280. So everything that we see in our funnel and where we are in that funnel suggests that we just really need, on the domestic side, some stability coming from our government with respect to -- and the debt ceiling primarily, and the shutdown. But primarily, the debt ceiling, as we look at a lot of our domestic customers and they are a little wary. They're very interested. Interest is up across all of our lines, airplane lines, including the 450. And service revenue is up and continuing to look good, so far, into this quarter. So absent some exogenous force, like a real contraction in the U.S. economy, we're good to go on Aerospace.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, this is actually one of my favorite questions because it's something this management team and I look at frequently. If you parse this down, it's a tale of 2 cities. Gulfstream has increased its sales -- or its employees, as you would expect. Marine group somewhat, as we've begun to gear up, and particularly on our research and development side that are cost-plus engineers. IT has continued to increase, based on their order book and their sales, but it is -- so that's the tale of 1 city. And then everywhere else, in some instances, we're down 50% of our sales force. So this has been extremely painful across some of our businesses. They've done what they needed to do to respond to the environment. But I'm very mindful of the human impact of all of this and it's camouflaged by that gross number. But you can imagine that we work this very, very hard, as I see this as the level of our overall productivity. But there's a lot of specifics embedded there that tell 2 very different stories.
Phebe N. Novakovic: It's temporary. Well, yes, so it's temporary on R&D and launch assistance, which tends to be kind of lumpy. And that, we will smooth as we plan for 2014. And I don't want to get too much into 2014. I suspect that the timing issues at -- on completions at Jet will resolve right away, quick. So that's nothing systemic. So when I think about the margin compression, absent what we talked about last quarter on higher supplier costs, there is nothing structural here going into '14. But as we go through our planning process, I'll have -- and on the fourth quarter call, I'll give you an awful lot more clarity about '14 and Gulfstream and margins and Aerospace in general. It's pretty typical of our planning process.
Phebe N. Novakovic: That's right, and that's going to be mix. And we'll get -- as we plan through next year and we'll take a look at what our really incremental learning is down each one of those lines, we'll begin to estimate, but that's not where we are yet. Going back to, there's nothing really structural here.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay. Let me -- Yes, sure. Let me help you -- try to parse that a little bit for you. C4 is the business with the largest exposure to the Army, not exclusive but the largest. The IT business has some exposure but we have reorganized in all 3 of those business units -- by the way, don't think that I think reorganization is a panacea to performance, but it's a predicate to improved performance in a down environment. So in IT, we've consolidated a number of the businesses to take -- lines of business to take advantage of growth in some businesses en masse. So they are accommodating. They're somewhat small and offsetting their somewhat small exposure to the Army. AIS has almost no exposure, in fact, none to the Army. So that leaves C4. And I think in that context, let me give you a little bit of color on C4's -- and maybe this will help you, on C4's programs of record. We've got WIN-T and that network clearly remains a priority. If you think about the Army historically, they balanced out force structure with capability. And that network allows them to do more with less. So we're fortunate to be the incumbent on this program of record. And we've been adjusting our business to deliver the capabilities in whatever deployment schedule the Army is on. So we've had a number of LRIPs approved year-to-date and we're continuing to perform on that network. And again, we size our business to the demand of the Army. On the rifle -- or on the radios, I think it might help you to give a little bit of program color there. As you probably know, we're the incumbent for both HMS Manpack and the Rifleman radios, which take our network capabilities from the WIN-T backbone and down to the individual dismounted soldier. And we're currently delivering on both products in the thousands of units. So I think that, that's important in understanding what's driving the underlying demand at C4. That said, C4 is completely restructuring its business in order to meet the current environment and -- which will, I believe, going forward, give it significant opportunities to further right-size itself and adjust to the demands of its principal customer. And by the way, not exclusive customer as we get outside the United States. So I'm very pleased with the agility of that particular -- or all of our businesses, but that business to recognize the environment they are in and take appropriate actions. So I hope that helps you understand.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, let me talk about acquisitions. I think I've been pretty clear in the year that we are and will be focused on operations. I haven't had any acquisitions on my horizon. I don't now and I'm not looking. So let's take that off the table. But with respect to the portfolio, my vision hasn't changed. And I've talked to you all about that balance in our portfolio. With respect to positioning, let's talk about that in a little bit more detail. In the platform businesses, it's pretty easy to see that we're the clear market leader with critical mass, right? But in the IS&T portfolio, it's a bit harder to discern who does what to whom when, simply because our businesses are each comprised of thousands of programs. So positioning in IS&T tends to be by line of business rather than by major programs. So what the IS&T management team and I look at to balance our portfolio, pretty much continually, is that line of business positioning. And no real shaping is required now, not of any material issue. I mean, we may take some paring here and there as we walk through and see what's core and what's not. But so far, steady as she goes.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, those -- each one of those -- well, 2 of those aircraft are legacy mature programs, right? And you would expect us to have some significant changes to -- in that environment as we go forward. 650 and 280 are brand-spanking new. So we would think about, in the normal course of business, refreshes, but I'm -- in a several-year time horizon. But I'm not going to get any more specific about that, since it seems to be high sport to what we're going to do and when we're going to do it. But I can tell you that our planning is very deliberative, it's not reactive. And when we announce an airplane, it's a real airplane and not a PowerPoint. So we're on track to do what we've always anticipated we would do, and we'll announce when we're ready.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. We've got, I think, some availabilities about a year out and we'll continue to work that. Those are very efficient, highly scalable lines. So we've got enough in our backlog that we're comfortable. So I'm not particularly concerned about that. If that changes, we'll let you know. But we're looking at the late, late end of '14, early '15. So I'm still comfortable that, that's a pretty good margin. And then, as I said, particularly about our hedge, as I said particularly in this quarter, where we saw a little bit of softening in the domestic environment. And I think that's wholly attributable to the machinations in our government.
Phebe N. Novakovic: That management team has, in fact, reorganized to meet the current demand. So we've taken our units down from -- or the lines of reporting at the macro level from -- within IT, from 4 to 3, better streamline, reduce costs. And there, it's a daily fight across thousands of programs in multiple portfolios, from intel to each one of the services and beyond DoD into non-DoD agencies. So they are doing very well, I think because of their reputation and their cost structure, in winning more than their fair share of new contract awards. So I'm very proud of that management team. They're tough, they're mature, they're great businessmen.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I think -- it's interesting, I don't face these challenges alone, I face them with a management team. We spend an awful lot of time communicating among each other, as you would expect. And we have complete goal congruence. We are challenged in some of our markets by an environment, but I see that as an opportunity, frankly. In tough times, that's where you see human beings' character and their mettle and the strength of an organization. And GD is doing quite well, in my mind, managing what we can control. We're not going to lose a lot of sleep over those things that we can't control. But to the extent that we can control our operations, we're getting at it and getting at it hard. So I don't know that there have been any unique challenges. I think we've had a few curve balls as a country, frankly. I think we got a little bit further down the shutdown and brinksmanship paths than I think any of us, as Americans, would be comfortable for. But that wasn't idiosyncratic to General Dynamics, that's just, I think, at large. So I think that the challenges have been those that I expected, that we were going to see a little tougher environment. And that's the time when you differentiate yourself. So I've been very pleased with the management team. And it's about hanging tough and good leadership across the board. By that, I mean all of us, not just me.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, recall that we are not on team catch-up, okay? So look, this was the result of superb operating performance in that group. And as they continue to perform on each one of their programs, they've retired risks. And so this was really a really strong line-by-line focus on cost reduction. And I think that you've seen we anticipated this down cycle. I mean, we are in a cyclical business and we anticipated this down cycle and got out ahead of it with a fair amount of restructuring. So that's coming to fruition. The fourth quarter will see a little bit of margin compression. You haven't asked us, but I'll just give you a little bit of color. We've got the remainder of the ATP-OTS consolidation costs, which we will cover. It's the right thing to do and will put us in good position going forward. It's been clear, I think, from some of the press announcements, we've got a bit of mix shift at Land Systems as we move from mature programs into the double-V hull. And now, we're going to pick up some headwinds on that axle market. But in general, this is solid performance of a very good management team. And by the way, a lot of these guys lived through the last downturn, post the end of the Cold War. They know what to do. And that culture has, at both Air[ph] and Electric Boat[ph] , has permeated all of GD. Enough of my proselytizing, but that's what happened.
