Jay L. Johnson: It's pretty much exactly as you said, Carter. It is a little bit later. It has to do with the sequencing of those certifications, and I don't expect that to impact the production rate. So we're working that with both -- obviously the Israeli regulators and the FAA. But we're on stream. And as I said in my remarks, we're thrilled with the airplane. It's just getting through the approvals.
Jay L. Johnson: I think it has to do, honestly, with software upgrades and when they feather in, and what's required by the Israelis and the FAA. And I think just flowing all of that, to be very pragmatic about it, pushes it into next year.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I talked to some of that, Jason. But I mean, basically -- first of all, we believe we paid a fair price for it. And we're very glad to have Vangent in the portfolio, most importantly. It allows us to compete as a Tier 1 healthcare IT provider, okay? That's the underlying foot stomper, okay? It puts us at scale where we really can compete. It also gives opportunity in serving the fed civ customer base, both back office and customer facing, in areas like student loans, Medicare and Medicaid. So we believe there will be lots of synergistic opportunities, as I said in my remarks, in the fast-current lanes that are becoming much more obvious in that space. So Vangent is going to be a good add for us. We've worked some -- we are working the integration right now with the existing GDIT organization, if you will, and we like the prospects we see ahead. We're very bullish on it. And as you heard me say, it comes into the financial fold here starting in this quarter, fourth quarter.
Jay L. Johnson: I mean, some elimination of some of the corporate expense perhaps. But it's mostly opportunity that we're after here.
Jay L. Johnson: To be straight up with it, Ron, I mean, we've seen no negative impact whatsoever. And as I've said before and talked in terms of the bifurcation of the business jet market, our large-cabin business is very strong and just continues with that. This is the largest order -- albeit we've got a big Minsheng number in there, but it's the largest order book number we've had since 2008. So the large-cabin business is very strong. And it's really heavily weighted to Asia Pacific, as I said in my remarks. But honestly, if you take the Minsheng order aside and look at the rest of it, it's pretty well dispersed: some North America; some Asia Pacific, as we discussed; but also Europe, South America. So it's pretty global, notwithstanding the economic realities we're talking about.
Jay L. Johnson: I think I'd characterize it just by saying there's continued interest and activity, and the backlog number continues to increase somewhat. I mean, when you got over 200 in the backlog to start with, you don't expect a lot of add to that. But by golly, it's adding, okay? So there's still great attractiveness out there for the 650 and our in-production 450s and 550s. And you've heard me talk about the backlog sweet spot, if you will, of 18 to 24 months. Hey, we're still there, okay, with the in-production large-cabin. So it's a very bullish large-cabin market right now.
Jay L. Johnson: Cost and performance, I mean, that's the best way to say it and particularly to the last part, to your Marine question. You know, Doug, from watching our Marine group operate over the years, that they are very disciplined in managing those yards for profitability. And they do it extremely well. And that, plus the performance on the contracts that they're executing, allow those kind of margins. Now we talked about mix shift coming, and that will be a factor. But we've -- we also -- we still believe this is a business that will show us, even with the mix shift in DDG 1000 versus 51s, and MLPs versus T-AKEs, and Block III versus Block II Virginia-class submarines, we are still talking about a 9% to 10% margin business at least.
Jay L. Johnson: It's back to cost management and performance and T-AKE, as we get to the end of the T-AKE line. And it's also -- I would add that it's also their ability to outperform their CEO's somewhat conservative lay-down in the start of the year.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I think the answer to the last, Cai, is yes. We see the opportunity set in China continues to grow as the Aerospace business in China, the business -- Aerospace business continues to grow. And as to the first, I mean, we have very good terms and conditions on our contracts and liquidated damages clauses, et cetera. So we feel very adequately protected, if you will, with this order and frankly, the rest of them we have in our book. We're very mindful of that, particularly when you have numbers like we're talking about here. But it's spread across the product line, and they're very eager to get their airplanes. So we feel good about it right now.
Jay L. Johnson: As to your first, Heidi, I would say yes and yes to your questions. I mean, we are seeing increased activity, pretty steady in Asia Pacific, with Minsheng being fairly typical of that. But you and I, we've talked before about things like the projections for airport growth in China, for example. And the earlier projection I saw in the year had like -- I think it was 10 airports a year that they were projecting to build. The number I'm seeing now is higher than that. I don't know if that tracks with what you see. But it could be like 15 a year. So the point of it all is that we are seeing increased activity in Asia Pacific, and as I mentioned earlier, from a large-cabin perspective, and really now starting with the 280 from the other areas of the globe as well. The defense side, international is kind of a -- let's see, how would I characterize that? The growth area right now in international is in the Middle East. I mean, that's unequivocal, okay? Our European business is mixed. Not surprising. We've talked about that before, because of the fiscal conditions in which they're operating. Their requirements are fairly well -- very well-defined, but the fiscal realities are preventing some of the contract lay-downs that they need and we would like to see executed. That gets pushed to the right. But having said that, our indigenous business, as I highlighted with Canada on the LAV contract, the production contract that just got laid down, is very good. The TAPV is proceeding right after that with -- for selection within the Canadian forces. And so there are mixed messages perhaps in some of what I'm suggesting, from Europe in particular. But the Middle East market continues to grow and continues to execute very well for us. And that's in more than one place, as you probably know. So we see that as probably key to our international book of business in the Combat Systems group, going forward. As the U.S. market flattens to declines, the indigenous European market stays flat, the ammunition market comes under some challenge in the short term just to burn off inventory that it has right now. You're going to see the growth coming out of the Middle East.
Jay L. Johnson: The number I've got in my head is around 30%, I think, right now in '11, of international sales. And as you -- I don't have a '12 number, but the projection I looked -- out a few years, when we last -- when they last showed it to me, was in the mid- to upper 30s. So it's growing as a percentage of their book of business going forward.
Jay L. Johnson: I don't really factor share repurchases in when I do guidance. If that's what you're asking me, yes. So my answer would be yes. Now having said that, we have the authority and the wherewithal to do so tactically as we always do, if the market suggests that it's time to buy back some shares. But the answer to your question is yes.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I'm pretty comfortable, I think, with what I said overall. And it has to do with timing of, shall we say sunsetting of some programs that showed themselves in the third quarter. EFV comes to mind and perhaps FCS. So that's why I'm tamping myself back down to what I'd call more normal in the fourth quarter and for the year.
Jay L. Johnson: It's another one where you've got some timing here in terms of the programs that delivered, that helped us deliver. You've got cost-cutting initiatives that I discussed in my remarks and performance that helped us drive the margin. But you've also got -- in this quarter, 3Q, you've got some program -- not termination -- I'll use the term sunsetting again, like WIN-T Increment 1 that gives you a margin lift there that you probably won't represent again in the fourth quarter. So I think I'm comfortable with the margins that I've laid down.
Jay L. Johnson: I'm not ready really to talk in any detail about '12. I mean, as I said in my remarks, I'm encouraged by what we've got in the order book and what's coming to the order book, even post Q3, that tees us up for 2012. But beyond that, I don't think -- I don't see a precipitous decline, as we've discussed in the past. But I'm not ready to give you any hard numbers for 2012 yet. But I do think that the order book that we've seen, we're expecting Q4 orders for more FMS tanks, for example. We expect the Egyptian Increment 11 to come to closure here -- I mean literally within days, perhaps. So these things are moving forward. We expect more Stryker consideration on the support side and/or the NBCRV that we talked about -- that I talked about in my remarks. So I think another tranche perhaps of LAV from the Middle East. So we've got a lot that's pending that we're confident will come across. It's just a question of the timing space, 4Q or into next year.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, honestly, George, I think what you're seeing in a lot of it here is -- I would call it a combination of CRA timing and customer behavior. What does that mean? That means that what we're seeing -- and I alluded to it, or -- quite directly, I think, in my remarks, you're seeing prolonged acquisition cycles, shall we say. The time between bid and proposal, and then actually award or task order has increased 50%, 100%, 150%. I mean, for example, one of the large awards that we've received in this space, we were the only bidder and it still took over a year to bring that award forward. So that's just a timing reality that they're all dealing with in it. Particularly important, as I said in my remarks, is some of the mobile computing and ruggedized equipment: the tactical, the products and systems piece. The services piece is holding its own. I don't see, honestly -- well, let me add something else to that. I think what you're also seeing in this space, back to the customer behavior, is we've read pieces of -- well, read quotes from people I have great respect for, like the DNI, General Clapper, who speak to the IT space right now. And my take on that is that what you've got is an environment whereby the things that must be dealt with right now, okay, the high-priority stuff, either for the war or for cyber or for something that cannot be deferred, you're seeing those awards come forward. A lot of the rest of it, the back office, the admin-type IT business, I think you're seeing deferred or reevaluated. The prioritizations are taking place and the impact of that is being felt in our businesses right now. How long will that last? My view is that it will last probably until we either get ourselves through a CR or through the next election. I mean, I don't think this is going to go away anytime soon, and I think the whole industry -- the whole information technology space sees that.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, we're always -- look, as I said earlier, we, Howard -- particularly as it applies to Combat Systems, we compete very favorably for all the new stuff, okay, all the new development programs. That's why we're players in Ground Combat Vehicle. But we also know how to work with our customer to service what's already there. Our incumbency puts us in a very strong position there. Double-V hull, Stryker V is a classic example of something that was already there that needed to be enhanced. We enhanced it for the customer. So we're constantly looking for things like that. As to the businesses, and I think to your earliest point, look, you know our model. It's very decentralized. There's great authority and responsibility at the business unit level, and they are working very diligently to manage for profitability. And we've reduced headcounts, we've reduced overhead. And we'll continue to go do that as we go forward to make sure that we can still deliver the results we need for our shareholders.
Jay L. Johnson: The OCO number in 2011 I don't have off the top of my head, honestly. But I'll just say it's not substantive, in the broader sense. And we've said before that a lot of the OCO that moved away, for us, because of the incumbency that we have, moved back into base budgets. So I mean, our programs are fairly well supported in that regard. To your point about the reduced pull from the field, look, we're very -- our JTRS HMS and WIN-T are very much, shall we say, in demand. You know that #1 priority that the Army has right now is for their network, and that's what we're talking about. So there's another network integration exercise here next month. We are already in LRIP on producing 6,250, as I recall, Rifleman radios, and 100 Manpack PRC-155s. That will come to another production decision earlier in the year after this next exercise. And so we're very bullish on those products. Some of the others, to your first point, it has been manifest because of the acquisition delays that I talked about. But we feel very strongly that our WIN-T and JTRS HMS programs are being very well supported and pushed by the Army. They need them.
Jay L. Johnson: A good one. I'm not being smart-aleck about it. Look, we've talked before, Rob, that right now, there are 30 Virginia-class boats in the plan. That clearly does not meet the requirement that the combatant commanders need out there. So going beyond that, I think, is a very logical national security priority. You might expect a former Navy guy to say that, but in point of fact, I believe the combatant commanders validate that virtually every day. So I think the likelihood of expansion beyond 30 is very real. How that all feathers in, how it mixes with SSBN, what you do, when you do it, all that to be determined. But I think from a strategic prioritization, that makes sense at 2 per year, okay, Virginia class.
Jay L. Johnson: Rob, just a second. The cost piece, to me, the best way to manage the cost on that program is to stay at 2 a year.
Jay L. Johnson: Look, here -- you know that we are very consistent in product development commitment at Gulfstream. That's my answer. We nominally take 2% of sales, whether the top line's going up or down, and commit to product development. We continue to do so. And there'll come a day when the 450 sees a new airplane out there, and the 550; and many, many years from now, the 650. But we continue to refresh these aircraft. Example, out at NBAA, we have something we call Phoenix, which is basically an upgrade enhancement to the interior of the 450 and 550 that is really, really nice, if I do say so myself. That basically puts the cabin management system and the cabin itself -- the galley's upgraded, in the same package, if you will, as you see in the 650 and the 280. So we continue to do that even with the in-production aircraft as we develop product going forward. And we'll stay with that. That's how you stay as the premier brand, and that's how you continue for the long haul in this business. And we've been capitalizing smartly our Gulfstream business since we got it in '99, and we'll continue to do that going forward.
