Jason W. Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. I'll start with an update to an issue that we've been addressing since last year, and that's the impact we're seeing from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. This continues to be focused in our Combat Systems group, and when you compare that group's results to the first half of 2016 to the similar period a year ago, our 2016 revenue would have been higher by approximately $75 million, had the exchange rates that prevailed in the first half of 2015 remained in effect this year. And for the company as a whole, revenue would have been a little over $100 million higher. Moving down the income statement, our net interest expense in the quarter was $23 million versus $20 million in the second quarter of 2015. That brings the interest expense for the first half of the year to $45 million, versus $41 million for the same period in 2015. For 2016, we continue to expect interest expense to be approximately $95 million, up from 2015 due to lower cash balances resulting from our capital deployment activities, which I'll cover in just a minute. We continue to expect free cash flow this year to look similar to 2015, though more weighted to the latter part of the year. At the end of the quarter, our balance sheet reflects a cash balance of $1.9 billion, and a net debt position of $1.5 billion, both essentially unchanged from the end of the first quarter. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we had $500 million of fixed rate notes mature, and we're in the process of refinancing that debt as we speak. We intend to replace that debt and raise an additional $500 million from general corporate purposes to include share repurchases. Our effective tax rate was 27.7% for the quarter. This was lower than our original expectation as we adopted a new accounting standard that altered the accounting for tax benefits associated with our stock options and restricted stock. In a nutshell, these tax benefits are now treated as a permanent benefit that impact our effective tax rate. In the second quarter, this change reduced our effective tax rate by approximately 140 basis points. We're at a rate of 28.8% year-to-date, and we're now targeting a full-year rate right around 29%. On the capital deployment front, in the second quarter we repurchased 1.1 million shares, bringing us to just under 9 million shares in the first half of 2016 for almost $1.2 billion. In total, when combined with the dividends we paid through the first six months of the year, we spent $1.6 billion in shareholder-friendly capital deployment, more than two times our free cash flow for the first half. Erin, that concludes my remarks, and I'll turn it back over to you for the Q&A.
Jason W. Aiken: Sam, so as I addressed in my remarks, we do continue to see full year free cash flow for this year looking similar to what we had last year, although as I said, a little bit inverted toward the second half of the year, slightly different profile than we had last year from a timing standpoint. As it relates to the advances, we'll continue to draw down on those, so you'll see that balance – you've seen it come down throughout the first half of the year, and we'll see that continue, as we continue to make progress on the production side of those contracts through the balance of the year.
Jason W. Aiken: I don't have the exact specifics on that. We can perhaps talk after the call on that. But directionally, yeah, we'll see it continue to come down.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. I think, Myles, for the balance, when you think about the year, our objectives, our targets for the year on deployment haven't changed. As you know, we were fairly on the active side in the first quarter of the year. And so we looked at the second quarter, and we feel like by the balance of the first half of the year we're right on track and doing exactly what we had hoped to do. We've deployed, as I said, two times our free cash flow on share repurchase and dividends. So I don't think you should see that as a signal of any directional shift for us at any time.
Jason W. Aiken: So Carter, with respect to your foreign exchange question, you can think about our exposure as this way, in order of magnitude, if you will. It's really Canadian dollars, euros, pounds, and then Swiss francs sort of, in terms of magnitude. But the updated guidance that Phebe walked you through earlier was actually predicated on the latest rates we have at hand projected through the balance of the year. So that is the latest look at the impact, and it's not – I wouldn't call it material through the balance of the year, but we also don't necessarily take a bet on rates moving further one way or another. So if there is a further movement in the second half, we would obviously tell you about that and it could have an upside or a downside impact to that guidance. The last thing I would say is that there's no, absolutely zero, from our perspective, transactional exposure. This is all strictly, as we've discussed before, the translation for U.S. dollar reporting. Everything from a transactional perspective is hedged in, and has been working effectively up to this point.
Jason W. Aiken: So the flight test articles do go into inventory, and eventually they'll go into long-term product design use or to customers. I would say, from a qualitative standpoint, the outsized impact on the cash flow differential is really more about the international program advances being drawn down. There's some impact on, not so much the flight test aircraft impacting Gulfstream so much as just inventory build toward production, but that's the minor share. The larger share really is about the international advance drawdown.
Jason W. Aiken: So George, I'll take that. The revenues for the quarter were right around $40 million, I believe, is the number for pre-owned, and as is typical, it's right around breakeven, maybe a $1 million or $2 million loss associated with those, which is pretty typical. If I understand your question, for the balance of the year we do have profiled, as we've talked about before, an expectation of additional pre-owned coming into inventory and being sold, which actually is consistent with the point Phebe made before, with a little bit of a downtick in margins, particularly in the third quarter. So I think those are consistent, unless I misunderstood your question about the balance of the year.
Jason W. Aiken: Actually, a little bit more color on that, the planes in the quarter, there were four of them, but the mix of them, they were pretty modest in terms of revenue per unit. So that's not the assumption necessarily going forward. There are a lot of different mix in there, in terms of the inventory that we take in.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, we've been experiencing that improvement, but when we look at the Navy's plan to continue with the Gulfstream, or the Virginia-class deliveries, as well as other (21:00) replacement, we see that we get some real nice ignition starting in 2019, when we have long-lead delivery – how we're anticipating, based on the Navy's plan, long-lead delivery in 2019. But let's not forget, this has been a very nice, steady quarter-over-quarter performer.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the TAO(X), let's remember that our award was for one ship, and multiple, I think with five options, subject to the request, authorization and appropriation. So those oilers are right in our wheelhouse, and we ought to be able to perform very nicely on those. And it positions us well for the 17 ships in the Navy contract. It was an unusual award, but it has – there were no surprises, and I think, from (22:06) was an unusual contracting process, but from my point of view, there were no surprises, because sort of lined up with, who does what well.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, let's talk about this year, and I don't want to get into too much specificity in 2017 and 2018. But the margins are driven by – and this is true year in and year out – they're driven by our managing of costs and our cost reduction, in addition to the G650's nice contribution. So when I think about that, that and our performance on service has been quite nice through the course of the year. So I have a great deal of confidence that we can continue to maintain our profitability as we go through. We'll have to modify it somewhat, but with our profitability, going through this transition period.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, we've pretty much planned in the rates on the G450. I don't see any more reductions. In fact, I don't see any more reduction on the G450. And the G550, we see very minimal changes going forward. So looks, our job is to keep earnings up as high as possible during this transition period, and manage our margins. We're going to continue to do that. I think we've demonstrated that track record the last six quarters, and we're going to continue going forward.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah. I'm sorry, if I wasn't clear on that. The G650 is sold out in its entirety through the first quarter or through 2016, and also in its entirety through 2017. So when we look at the order activity on the G500 and G600, what I'm saying is, is that our expectations for entry into service would remain the same. In that projection, we have sold an awful lot of our both of those G500s and G600s. So that positions us very well, I think.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So I don't want to get into 2017 at the moment because, as you know, we provide that to you in the fourth quarter of the 2016 call by tradition. So that said, let me give you some color on where we are in the moment. First, production rates this year have not changed. So we've kept them the same as when we set this plan. Revenue is impacted in 2016 by a couple of factors; one, we have one less screen (28:12) airplane, I think it's the G280, and six fewer completions. We're moving these completions from this year into next, largely because of customer preferences on when they want to take the plane. And then we got a mix of other smaller puts and takes.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So I don't have perfect clarity about the precise timing of when orders will pick up, but it's our expectation building on the good sales we've had (29:39) that the closer these airplanes are to entry into service, our sales will pick up.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah. So look, as I mentioned earlier, our margins at that level really aren't sustainable each and every quarter. But the G650 is contributing, and really it's cost management, cost reduction that's driving our margins. And so it's hard with perfect clarity to estimate the goodness that you can achieve until you're really in the moment. So we're continuing to manage our costs. I think we've got more way to go. And then at the same time, by the way, we've got to continue to improve the G650 and G280 operating margins, which we will do and are doing. And then we've got to ensure that the G400 and G500, or G450 and G500 maintain their profitability. And so I think that (33:05) very nice on track, particularly with respect to the latter.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah. So if you've been following this, the Navy and Electric Boat have been active in a number of discussions. Most recently we delivered our Ohio Replacement Integrated Product and Process Development plan, and think about that as the detailed design and long lead material portion of the procurement process. So the Navy is reviewing that in the moment. I think their plan is to get back to us sometime late summer, early fall. But that's kind of their call in terms of the cadence of the timing. But that will provide, and should provide, depending when we close on that, some upside in this year. And then again, as we've talked before, this is a very strong growth engine for us over time.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah (40:48). So think about it this way, George. We sold four in the quarter, which you know. We took in three and have sold one, so today we have two in inventory. But remember that the margin impact can vary depending on the aircraft itself.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So if I understand your question properly, our sales on the G280 were a little different, or a little better than we had anticipated. And I think that's just reflecting the strength of the North American market. So with respect to wait times, and let me give you this opportunity or take this opportunity to give you a little bit of color on the wait times, on the G650 and G650ER, we're about 24 months; G550 and G450, nine months to 12 months, no change; G280, nine months to 12 months; and the G150, we've got onesies and twosies left to sell there. So the first available there is a year from now.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I think that, that's right. And it wasn't – that's always the case. We understand our customers' needs, but the order in which they want to execute the placement of their fleet will kind of depend on their imminent needs for the mission that a particular airplane serves. So the good news is, they're selling well, the G280s, but it does impact book-to-bill.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, there is often chatter when we – and this has been true from the last time that we recapitalized our nuclear fleet, about the affordability of it. But this is really a national policy issue, and to the extent that the United States wants to maintain a nuclear deterrent, they've got to build this submarine. So that's number one. And that's my view. And I think that that's supported by many people in the government on both the Executive and the Congressional side. So I wouldn't say that Democratic – some chatter in the system suggest walking away from this requirement. So I think in terms of – the Navy has budgeted here a revenue flow to us that we can easily accommodate the CapEx and the other improvements that we have going forward in terms of the ability to build these. I might also tell you that we've been spending CapEx over the last few years to position ourselves, particularly at the Quonset Point, on the Ohio replacement. So we work very carefully with our Navy customer to determine what they need, what we need, the funding allocation, who's responsible for what, and we're certainly not going to get caught long.
George D. Shapiro: I wanted to pursue, you had four used sales in Gulfstream. Could you give us the revenues and approximate earnings? And I would assume that that would have deflated the margin you reported, as high as it was. So when you go to the second half and you have higher revenues, why does the margin be somewhat less than what it was this quarter? Thanks.
George D. Shapiro: No. I think it's right, Jason. I just thought that, to deliver four used planes in subsequent quarters, you're probably not going to do that much, maybe you will. So I was kind of figuring the used planes would be less, so you got a little less pressure on the profit and you got higher revenues.
George D. Shapiro: Okay. No, that's a good answer. And one quick one, Combat margin is usually the biggest in the fourth quarter, and yet your guidance is implying that second half won't be as good as the first half. So if you had a little explanation on that.
