Howard Rubel: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings.
Howard Rubel: Thanks, Jason. As a reminder, we ask participants to ask one question and one follow-up question so that everyone has a chance to participate. Rocco, could you please remind participants how to enter the queue.
Howard Rubel: This is Mr. Rubel. Thank you very much for the call today and thank you everybody else for joining us. As a reminder, you should refer to the General Dynamics website for the third quarter earnings release and the highlights presentation. If you have additional questions, I can be reached at 703-876-3117. Thank you.
Phebe Novakovic: Thanks, Howard. And good morning. As you can discern from our press release, we delivered attractive third quarter results with revenue of $9.76 billion operating earnings of $1.216 billion and net earnings from continuing operations of $913 million. We reported EPS of $3.14 per diluted share, $0.25 a share, better than the year ago quarter and $0.37 per share, better than the second quarter of this year. Compared to the year ago quarter, revenue was up $667 million or 7.3%. By the way, we have enjoyed top-line growth every quarter for the past 12 consecutive quarters on a year-over-year basis. Earnings from continuing operations of $913 million were up $49 million or 5.7% on a 7.1% improvement in operating earnings, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate and lower pension income. Operating margins return to the 12.5% level. Sequentially, revenue was up $206 million or 2.2% and operating earnings were up $126 million or 11.6% on higher operating margins. In short, we had significant sequential margin improvement. With respect to consensus, our margin rate was 40 basis points higher than forecasted by the South-side. This was offset in part by below the line items, leaving our EPS $0.07 better than consensus, the difference was provided by stronger operating earnings. With respect to cash, we had net cash provided by operating activities of $1,091 million and free cash flow of $847 million. As you can see from the charts attached to the press release, we enjoyed a good quarter with a 1 to 1 book-to-bill. Total backlog of $67.4 billion, decreased $258 million or about a third of 1%. I have more to say about order intake if I discuss the separate operating segments and Jason will give you some color about cash and backlog in his remarks. Let me turn very briefly, the year-to-date 2019 compared to the first 9 months of 2018. Revenue was up $2.8 billion or 10.7% against the first three quarters of 2018, driven by strong organic growth, plus the acquisition of CSRA at the beginning of the second quarter last year. To say it another way for clarity, CSRA attributed revenue was in every 2018 quarter, but the first. Operating earnings were up $89 million or 2.8% EPS was $0.31 better. In short, we delivered good sequential improvement and a good first 9 months. As such, essentially, we are on track to our internal plan and external expectations. So let me give you some perspective on the segment reporting for the quarter and the year-to-date. First Aerospace. Aerospace had a very good quarter in most important respects. Revenue of $2.5 billion was 23% higher than the year ago quarter. Operating earnings of $393 million were $17 million or 4.5% higher on lower margins related to mix as fully expected. Let me give you a little color here with the quarter-over-quarter comparisons concerning -- concerning earnings and operating margin. You may recall that the Aerospace segment had a strong third quarter last year with 18.5% operating margin against 15.8% this quarter. This Delta is driven only in part by mix. The third quarter of 2018 contained a positive non-recurring settlement with the supplier. On a sequential basis, the story is even better revenue was up $359 million or 16.8% and earnings were up $62 million or 18.7% on a 30 basis point improvement in operating margin; excluding pre-owned sales from both periods, results in a 70 basis point sequential improvement in Aerospace margin. The past quarter saw the first G600 deliveries and in the quarter. Over 30% of our large-cabin deliveries were comprised of new product which is notably higher than the second quarter 2019. So despite the challenges of mix, we are making good progress. We are focused on aligning our costs with our operating cadence.
Phebe Novakovic: So in -- no, because we expect the entry into service, several years out. But, but I think it might be opportune just to remind you guys how we're really thinking about the portfolio of our airplanes in our operating strategy. So, as you know, we've had a plan for the past several years to bring down the 650 production and increased 500 and 600 and we're doing that completely independently of the 700. We've been pretty voluble about the fact that G650 production and deliveries will be reduced next year and again the following year, so that will get production and delivery consistent with current demand. And on that score, we've had a very consistent order book for the 650 over the past three to four years. And as you know, we've had the benefit of a large backlog we've been able to work down over time. So listen, to be clear, this has nothing to do with the 700 launch announcement is a planned long ago. Our job is to balance the loss revenue and earnings from the planned reduction of G650 deliveries with an increased flow from 500 to 600 to keep earnings stable. If by the way, the state with that risk but it comes with ample opportunity, and as I said, this has been the consistent plan, and it remains our plan. And then as the G700 enters into service that will then become another factor in our long-range, in our earnings and revenue growth.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, I don't think we've given guidance per se, but we've indicated that we'll continue to grow our top line and our bottom line, as we've made that this making this transition. I think the bottom line will be a little , a little bit slower growth simply because we are managing that transition from the 650 to the 500 and 600 but look, our idea is to stabilize earnings with this, with this transition and we've done that and we'll continue to do that. So I think when you think about the business going forward, this is the strategy that has driven our behavior today and driving it and we'll drive that on a going forward basis so that will form how you're thinking about our performance going forward.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, it won't necessarily be feathered in. But to your question about, do we have a dedicated production facility in line? We do! See to expect that type of learning that we've seen on our other platforms. On the 700 as we come down our learning curve increased production and come down our learning curve that's all post-driven by the result of both our operating efficiency as well as our dedicated line.
Phebe Novakovic: Yeah, as I think you know, we've announced we've got a nice robust backlog for the 700, and as I said, our fourth quarter, we expect to have even better and improved order activity increased order activity across our portfolio. By the way, we had more orders this year as again this quarter as against the quarter, third quarter of 2018. But in our that's compared against a 23% increase in revenue. This is a good quarter for us.
Phebe Novakovic: So look, we've, I think we're comfortable in the -- in the estimate of certification that we've given you. And we've looked through the prism as we thought about going forward, we look through the prism of the current regulatory environment, but you well know, even better than we do. And so we have factored that into our thinking. If that happens earlier that's great.
Phebe Novakovic: We had some bookings on this airplane, that's all I'm going to say on that score. This airplane is going to be very popular with that particular market segment.
Phebe Novakovic: So GDIT has been taking market share. I mean if you think about their performance, the performance to set underlying for underlies their outcomes since the acquisition. We've got a 75% --70%, 75% win rate for the trailing 12 months. I mean, that is consistent month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, and as you all know, the book-to-bills and 1.2, 1.1 to do you have different year-to-date. So look, we are, we are winning and more than our fair share, but we have seen a protraction. I mean that's a significant amount of money for our contracts be tied up in -- in protest at around $1 billion. Now protests as you all know historically resolved to the benefit of the winner, so we are quite comfortable that that historical precedents will remain. But we've also seen a slowing and the execution of the contract awards and we suspect that will resolve through the course of next year and our rate of growth will be in part and no small measure driven by the increased rate in award volume. So nothing is systemic here. It's really a question of timing.
Phebe Novakovic: So what you saw here was the strong and successful finish of Block 3. I mean Block 3 is largely done and that performance and the strong closing of that contract, really drove our margins, but as you all know margins in this business in particular Electric Boat have followed the same path for 18 years. We start a new block and because of the contract structure with our customer they receive some of the benefits of our prior improvements on the previous block and then we reset the bar and come back down our learning curves and that's where we really are on Block IV. But Block III is largely behind us and they -- and they've closed out very well.
Phebe Novakovic: So look, as you would imagine for a. for a business that has demonstrated the curve operating leverage year in year out on older models, the newer models Gulfstream will continue to march on margin improvement on a going forward basis. Don't forget that pre-own carries no margin. So to the extent that you've got a -- an implied lower margin in the fourth quarter, that's almost entirely reflected by by the pre-owned. As you well know just has no margin and is included in revenue, so there you have it.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, I think we've been pretty consistent all along that this business is going to get better and better over time. That's about what we're going to say at this juncture.
Phebe Novakovic: We are so not going there. So look, you can imagine that we do well on our airplanes because we don't compete on price and we have a, unerring commitment to cost reduction and cost optimization, every quarter, every month, every quarter we get better.
Phebe Novakovic: So an inverse order, none on the tariffs and in fact ex-US business continues to be very fulsome. But let's talk a bit about the 700 and frankly the introduction of the 700 clarifies the 650 and let me give you a little bit of an explanation on why and talk to you about what the 700 is and what it is not. The G700 is in a slightly different market space, but in the same market segment as the 650. It is not a competitor. It is an alternative. It is not a replacement for the 650. Customers very clearly understand that and their buying decisions are motivated by a host of factors idiosyncratic and individual factors including the missions they fly, the ramp size, the makeup of the rest of their fleet. So I think it has clearly an ARM in our experience the 700 is clarified the 650 and been helpful.
Phebe Novakovic: But we're comfortable with our leverage and we're going to pay down that debt and we historically have never taken out debt to buy stock. So all sorts of reasons but we have discussed over the years. But look, GDIT margins were consistent with what we anticipated minus this one-time charge as we exited a line of business that we have inherited with CSRA. I don't think I need to remind you because I know you understand this that -- their EBITDA margins are industry-leading so their margin performance will continue to improve.
Jason Aiken: Thank you Phebe and good morning. Our net interest expense in the third quarter was $114 million in both 2019 and 2018. That brings net interest expense to $350 million for the first 9 months of the year compared to $244 million for the same period in 2018. The increase in 2019 is due primarily to the debt we issued at the end of the first quarter of 2018 to finance the acquisition of CSRA. We've also been carrying a higher than anticipated commercial paper balance through the first 9 months as we continue to work to resolve an outstanding receivable balance on one of our large international vehicle programs, that's been outstanding since the fourth quarter of last year. As Phebe mentioned, our cash from operations in the quarter was $1.1 billion and our free cash flow was $847 million a 93% conversion rate. The cash performance in the quarter reflected some progress on the international receivables I just mentioned. That said, we still have work to do to resolve the balance of the arrears. We're continuing to work this issue with the customer and expect to have the matter resolved by the end of the year. Assuming these outstanding payments come in this year we still expect full year free cash flow conversion to be well in excess of 100% of net income. Notwithstanding the progress made in the quarter, cash flow continued to be impacted by OWC growth at Gulfstream for reasons you now know and at Electric Boat. EB has been operating under an Un-definitive Contract Action or UCA, on the fifth Virginia-class Block, as we continue to work with the Navy to get that effort under contract. Until we get that contract executed our progress billings are temporarily limited.
Jason Aiken: You know, John, I don't think we would really articulate any fundamental change to our long-standing approach to capital deployment as it as those priority stand internal investment first, where we have profitable opportunities for returns, followed by the steady and predictable dividend and then it really is about M&A were attractive accretive and in our core opportunities exist and share repurchase, but it and between that as you articulated for the moment the prioritization really is all about getting that debt pay down at least through the first half of next year. Once we get to that point, we'll roughly pay down half of the, the incremental debt from the CSRA acquisition will have the commercial paper balance behind us and will have a chance to look forward. But I don't think in terms of prioritizing those various avenues for capital deployment anything on that score has changed for us.
Jason Aiken: Yes, sure. So, yes, in fact the advanced we received in the quarter is in the numbers that you've seen. So that's in the 90% conversion rate for the quarter. As it relates to the balance of the year, I think the way to think about it is we came into the year with just over $1 billion of arrears from the fourth quarter of last year. That's grown somewhat call it another half a billion dollars through the balance of this year and so that's what we're after right now that's what's currently outstanding. I think you can see in our disclosures, there is an un-billed total, un-billed investment somewhere in excess of $2 billion, $2.5 billion. But that's not necessarily what's factored in here. It's really between $1.5 billion that we're still working to resolve before the end of the year.
Jason Aiken: So, George taking your premises in reverse order, you're right about the progression on the underlying manufacturing improvements and I think that's what Phebe was alluding to earlier, we'll continue to see that progress quarter-on-quarter for Gulfstream. But yes, it's your first premise, based on the inputs we're seeing right now and the contracts that will deliver in the fourth quarter, we would expect to see at this point more pre-owned aircraft sales in the fourth quarter.
Jason Aiken: I mean, I don't know that I want to piecemeal it down to that level. Those are two of the many inputs that go into the margins at Gulfstream in any quarter, when we've talked about this many times in the past. There is varying R&D levels, there's different mix of aircraft deliveries in all the different inputs the Jet Aviation service margins and so on. So I think we've articulated a couple of those discrete ones that are clear at this point, but the implied fourth quarter there is a couple of people who are picking up on is, as usual, a blend of a whole myriad of factors. So I think the most important point here for the long-term investor is the steady regular improvement in the operating cadence and margin of the production of the airplanes at Gulfstream.
