Phebe Novakovic: Thank you, Howard. Before I address the company's performance in the quarter, let me take a moment to discuss General Dynamics' response to COVID-19 and its impact on us. We've been designated a national critical infrastructure company and as such are required to continue full operations, which we have done. I am proud of our patriotic employees who have continued to work hard to fulfill their mission in support of our armed forces as we face this crises together. Our men and women in uniform continue to serve and we must as well. Ensuring a safe work environment for our workforce has been and remains our top priority. We have 39,000 employees tele-working from home unfortunately our large manufacturing sites cannot do that. At these sites, we follow CDC recommended guidelines and practice social distancing where possible. We have increased shift work and the use of PPE. We are conducting temperature screening where feasible. As additional screening and ultimately testing become available, we will aggressively implement those as well. Our leadership teams have been and will continue to be in the workplace leading our people. This is early in the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on our business. So far we've experienced some deterioration in efficiency driven by absenteeism at a couple of our facilities. We expect absenteeism to decline as we see the rate of infection slow. We're also incurring rather significant cost to sanitize the work environment in our facilities and to provide additional PPE. We've also seen definite weaknesses in the supply chain particularly with respect to some of Gulfstream suppliers. Gulfstream is working closely with the suppliers who have also been hurt by the disruptions of the commercial airplane OEMs. Hopefully, we can sort our way through these issues, but some of them are difficult. The Department of Defense is accelerating payment to us to support the defense industrial base. We believe that this will prove to be very helpful. Regarding the company's first quarter performance, as you can discern from our press release, we reported earnings of $2.43 per diluted share on revenue of $8.75 billion and operating earnings of $941 million and net income of $706 million. Revenue was down $512 million or 5.5% against the first quarter last year. Operating earnings were down $73 million or 7.2% and net earnings were down only $39 million or 5.2%.
Phebe Novakovic: So let me address that in two parts. Our reduction in production this year was driven most exclusively by probations in the supply chain. Some of our suppliers entered this crisis somewhat impaired both from exposure to the commercial aviation market and some financial difficulties. The crisis exacerbated that and even before they saw hit, they were having some difficulty keeping up with our original production rate. So we took down production which we believe helps de-risk the current environment and frankly de-risks some of '21 if in fact we see weakening demand. But look with respect to this year's production you can only go as fast as your weakest link in your chain. So that's part one. Part two, which really I think teaming out a bit is how we demand in this environment. And as I think we eluded to we fully expect business aviation to recover in due course. The question is specific timing but this will again be a robust market for us and will lead with a strong portfolio of new products. If you think about it one of the outcomes that could occur as a result of this particular crisis is the business can ill afford to rely on those commercial airline providers who are either financially weak or unpredictable. So the fundamental case for business aviation remains the same if not somewhat strengthened by this crisis and frankly I think there is a case to be made that much will inert of business aviation as a result of this particular crisis. But there is an important reality I think for all of us to comprehend understand this market and that is in all markets up or down we have the distinct advantage in product, service and cost that leads the competition to compete only on price and availability.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure, I think is a particularly unusual environment and that it was worldwide and the fact that all human beings, not just particular sectors. So hence the imposition of travel restrictions both in the United States and elsewhere, that really drove our flying hours. So we saw a considerable decrease in the number of flying hours that we believe will resume when some of these -- some of the travel restrictions begin to ease and people are still a little bit safer in traveling. I'll tell you the loading at most of our service centers remains solid. We've implemented some rolling furloughs at a couple of our smaller sites, scheduling inspections and planned maintenance continue at a good pace but some of the discretionary work I think referred for avionics upgrades have fallen back a bit, but again once we resume normal or begin to approach normal flying cadence that we anticipate that some of this will likewise resolve.
Phebe Novakovic: Okay. Well, we had four defaults in the quarter. A chunk of those were not for 2020 airplanes. Their customers we expect to see back. With respect to the second quarter, I think deliveries will be stronger, but as you can imagine with the reduction in production we are taking cost out of our business and we'll have some charges around those particularly in any of the risk charges in the moment and so that could -- that depresses second quarter a bit. But deliveries could be we expect them to be higher once and depending on how fast and at what sequence and in what areas these travel restrictions lift. It's very hard if you think about it, it is we need those travel restrictions to kind of abate because people typically come to pick up their airplanes in Savanna or we fly -- we fly them elsewhere to effectually transfer and that's extremely difficult and kind of constrained environment. But as we see some of the rolling reopening both in the United States and outside the United States, we expect some of those deliveries to revolve nicely.
Phebe Novakovic: Some of that is based on efficiency particularly as we learn to optimize operating in a CDC driven environment, but some of it is also mix.
Phebe Novakovic: I think you're quite right to point out the political concerns, the concerns in the policy arena about stock buybacks but from my perspective in periods of great uncertainty and volatility, maintaining your liquidity and the strength of your balance sheet is key. So we're going to stay on stock repurchases at the moment.
Phebe Novakovic: So one of these elements that is distinctly different from the last time that we experienced in the 2008 timeframe, the great recession was that interest remains very active, whereas in the recession it simply stopped because of the impact on multiple key sectors. Here it's really been about more about simply timing. How soon does the economy reopen and how soon can we get travel restrictions back. So the conversations are continuing. That hasn’t stopped, but in terms of translating that activity into orders, some of that is going to take some time as we see how all of the reduction in travel restrictions as well as the stabilization in the economy occur, but we see this more as a question of timing in this environment. As of the moment the backlog is holding up very nicely, which results are distinctly different from the last time, but we're always mindful that if you have worldwide economic crises of the large economies that become really dire, backlog is an issue that we're going to have to follow very carefully and we're being very mindful. This is a company that has been through this kind of environment before albeit for very different reasons and manifesting itself at different ways.
Phebe Novakovic: I think the right way to think about it is that when you have changes in your environment, you have to react fairly quickly, postulating the best possible outflow -- postulating the best as you can what various outcomes are like and what we have done is in the moment sized our production so that our supply chain can keep up with it, but also recognizing that it prepares us if in fact demand does increasingly weaken in next year to manage that risk as we'll. So I think we have found our risk as well as we possibly can in the moment, understanding where what we see.
Phebe Novakovic: We have yet to see any. We done see any significant build up of like new preowned Gulfstream and we've seen no impact on price. That preowned inventory for each of our large cabin including the 650 is well below the market standard threshold. So at the moment, we either have a lot of preowned inventory in our house nor do we see that it is impacted our current demand, nor our current -- our current pricing. So this again is very different than what we saw in the 2008, 2009 timeframe. Preowned is simply not an issue in the moment.
Phebe Novakovic: So let's go in reverse order the G700 continues to performance test -- it's test pattern. So we have about 100 hours under our belt and airplane is performing extremely well. The G500 and G600, of course are going to be some of the change in the production that we have set for the year, some the mix issue but the demand for both of those programs has been wholesome and is increasing. And I think George asked the question that I failed to answer on EASA, and you tease it that as well indirectly. EASA had been slowed by the impact of the MAX. And while I can't speak to them directly in terms of their timing, this has no doubt impacted them as well but we'll get through that and these airplanes, the more that they're in the market, the more people see exactly what these airplanes can do for them and they're pretty impressed.
Phebe Novakovic: Really isn’t demand driven. I think I noted two factors a couple of times, but let me just reiterate as I think I've discussed some fulsome detail but supply chain, but we also have some efficiency issues within these plants within our assembly manufacturing plant as we learn to optimize production under the social distancing rules, additional PPE cleaning as shift work as we've increased the number of shifts. So as we began to optimize that over time in production environment, that will also allow us to mitigate any impacts from some of the inherent inefficiency there, but that was also an issue, but overwhelmingly the predominant issue here was the supply chain. And frankly as I said if you think about it in terms of you simply seen significantly weakening demand. We have done a nice job to de-risk some of '21 and I think that's where you could potentially see demand and one of the salutary benefits of the actions that we're taking today, do provide some risk mitigation for '21. So that's why I've said a couple times, we believe that we've founded our risk in all respects at the moment.
Phebe Novakovic: Yeah I mentioned earlier, we had four and all of whom we have while three of whom we expect to come back but that is all that we've seen today and the backlog of how they're continuing to hold up very nicely. But we recognize that this will de-risk any additional impacts to the backlog, but so far we're not hearing noises coming out of the customer base and the backlog of any note at the moment.
Phebe Novakovic: So our navy procurement people have been really leaders and beacons of stability and foresight during this entire crisis. They have increased the velocity at which we've gotten contract awards, we particularly see that on the repair side. Our new ship construction is our large big contracts. I wouldn't expect to see any additional particular increase in velocity on those but we have on the shorter cycle businesses and they have been very, very supportive in understanding the need to undergird the defense industrial supply chain.
Phebe Novakovic: So if you can imagine these are all sensitive negotiations. We're working closely with all. We know all of our challenge suppliers are at the moment, working closely with them to get -- to provide on-site mitigation and support where we can and ultimately if we have to bring it in house we will. But we have managed through this and will continue to do so, but there is risk here. It's not without the risk for reasons that I think you all can understand as well as we can.
Phebe Novakovic: So one of the elements of GDIT is an enormous agility coupled with their customer intimacy. So as our customers adjust both on the defense Intel and federal civilian environments. We'll work very closely with them on new opportunities. I think one of the challenges is that our customer needs to get back up and in a regular cadence and regular order and that will then drive our ability to attend these sites. While many of our people can work from home. A lot of them have to be on site with the customer and so once the customer gets up in full bore operations, that will drive then additional revenue on our part but look these GDIT has had been very successful in winning additional business that ultimately begins to translate into revenue and profitable revenue at that. So I think we need to particularly on IT get everybody back and working and then have a sense if we have any timing issues from some incremental backed-up impact from the revenue side from just this a bit of a hiatus that some of our customers have taken. But they're positioned for good growth with their backlog. They had superb winning capture rates. So they fit very nicely and comfortably right now in their market space.
Phebe Novakovic: I don’t know that we have seen anything that one could realistically discern a trend from. I think it's too early. As far as the distributed workforce I think that's way too early. I think we have to look at the efficiency metrics on how that actually plays out as they say a lot of our people need to be on customer sites. But we haven't seen a wholesale strategic or structural shift in the way that our customer is thinking about, either the cloud or its mission in a post COVID environment. I suspect naturally there will be some. Again as we think about how long do we keep social distancing, how long do we keep distancing, how long the integrated shifts and rolling shifts. So I think, some of that will play out, but so far I haven't seen a material of structural change in how our customer is thinking about their mission.
Phebe Novakovic: Thank you and Chad thank you and everyone else for being on this call today. As a reminder please refer to the General Dynamics' website for the first quarter earnings release and highlights presentation which contains our summary outlook. If you have any additional questions, I can be reached at 703-876-3117. Thank you.
