Phebe N. Novakovic: So let me provide our forecast for the year for each segment and compare it to what we told you in January and then wrap it into our EPS guidance. For Aerospace, our guidance was to expect revenue of $8.35 billion to $8.4 billion up $220 million to $270 million from 2017, operating earnings slightly in excess of $1.5 billion and operating margin of around 18%. We now expect revenue of approximately $8.6 billion, with earnings roughly consistent with our January forecast. This implies pressure on margins in the second half particularly in the fourth quarter when G500 deliveries begin in earnest. For Combat Systems, our previous guidance was to expect revenue of $6.15 billion to $6.2 billion, up $200 million to $250 million from 2017 with operating earnings around $970 million on an operating margin of around 15.7%. We now expect revenue of $6.3 billion to $6.35 billion, operating earnings of approximately $990 million, with an operating margin around 15.5%, so approximately $150 million more revenue and $20 million more in operating earnings. For the Marine segment, we previously guided to revenue of $8.4 billion to $8.5 billion, margins are at $8.7 billion and operating earnings of $735 million to $745 million. We now expect revenue to be slightly over $8.5 billion with margins slightly better than the previous forecast resulting in operating earnings of $745 million to $755 million. For IS&T, we guided to revenue of $9.3 billion to $9.4 billion, up $400 million to $500 million from 2017, operating earnings of $1.03 billion to $1.04 billion, with a margin rate of around 11%. It now appears that our revenue forecast for the two legacy businesses is between $9.4 million and $9.5 billion. Rather than taking it any further of the old IS&T level, let me break it into the new business segments. First, Mission Systems. Their outlook for this year is revenue between $4.8 billion to $4.9 billion with margins around 14%. This implies significant growth in revenue and earnings in the second half. Second, legacy GDIT will have revenue for the year of about $4.6 billion with margins around 8%. CSRA will add about $3.75 billion of revenue with operating margins growing 6%. So IT rolls up revenue of between $8.3 billion and $8.4 billion with operating earnings around $600 million and margins around 7%. So all of this sums to revenue for GD about $36.7 billion to $36.8 billion and operating margins somewhat in excess of 12%. Compared to our initial guidance, we will have higher revenue and operating earnings. This permits us to increase our EPS outlook from a range of $10.90 to $11 to a range of $11 to $11.05. This increased outlook overcomes what we expect to be a $0.23 per share negative impact from all the charges related to the CSRA acquisition. Apart from those fees and expenses, we expect CSRA's contribution to be $0.11 this year. The difference then is from GD operating improvement. With that, I'll turn it back to Howard and address your questions.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the current issue will have some impact on our deliveries to some extent this year but it is solvable. Let's remember that the (34:30) as manufactured and designed was approved through the FAA certification process. We are confident in that the parties will expeditiously resolve their dispute. Let's also – I think it's important to remember, this is really a terrific engine. It's quiet, its performance is superior and its highly efficient. So we will get through this.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so this year, to the extent it affects some of the G500 deliveries, margins will go up and our earnings are going to be flat. So I'm pretty comfortable that we will get through this and the sooner we get through it, the better. But this is all solvable. And frankly, we can manage through this as can Pratt.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, they will be profitable. The first lot of airplanes tends to carry program costs that reduce margins. That said, we have always demonstrated superb operating performance in the manufacturing of our airplanes. So we will – as soon as we get through that, margins will ramp up very nicely on the G500 and G600.
Phebe N. Novakovic: The lead time. So the lead times are well within our comfortable range of about 18 months. All of our airplanes are in a very comfortable range.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, look, our margins are going to be just fine. I'm not going to get into 2019 and 2020. That will all depend on our build rate, but we are going to be quite comfortable in our margin performance as we frankly always are at Gulfstream. So I wouldn't give that too much worry.
Phebe N. Novakovic: There are going to be margin compressions because we got mix issue. That should be understood and fairly explicable. So we're in pretty good shape on that score.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So our order book is heavily North America with strong European interest and some increase in the Asia Pacific region, pretty consistent with the way – to the previous patterns of the order activity. Across the portfolio, the order book tends to be divided roughly in thirds by private company's high net worth individuals and public companies. So, look, our backlog is very durable and we understand who's in it. Many of them have been longtime customers. And the order activity continues. I think I've told you before, we're not very concerned about that airplane. We continue to sell the G650 at a good rate and we have some compelling attributes not satisfied with the 7500, including better range at restricted airports and more range at speed. I'd recommend that perhaps some folks should do some product comparisons that could help illuminate our lack of concern on that score.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So we're very comfortable with the growth estimates that we gave you for our long range plan back in January and that those estimates are undergirded by exactly the elements that you note. Interestingly, I have been watching the army for a very long time and under the leadership of Secretary Esper and General Milley, we've seen a focus on modernization to an extent that arguably hasn't been seen since the 1980s when the Army fielded the Big Five and they're budgeting their resources to support their modernization plan. They've also been working with industry very closely, which is very wholesome as we work to ensure that they get the best of class technologies and capabilities. So I'm very pleased with the demand signals coming out of the United States. The same is true in Europe. Our European Land Systems is growing at a nice rate and the book-to-bill in that whole business has been very wholesome. Combat, as I noted in my remarks, has been a growth engine for us for the last two years and will continue to be so. So, we like what we're seeing in Combat.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I never comment on others. I can simply tell you that our revenue estimates are very consistent – today, are pretty consistent with where we were when we set this plan. We have a great deal of insight into our customers and their spend rates. And I think it's certainly in Marine, that's very steady predictable growth. Right? Combat is much the same way to the extent that we've seen some surprises, frankly, in the growth rate have been at CSRA and GDIT which grew very, very nicely. And we'll continue to do so and we've reflected that in our updated guidance. So no particular surprises here, frankly. We've been pretty forthright with you all on what we expected and that's what's happened and what is happening.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So as I mentioned to you, we may have a few G500 deliveries in the third quarter. We said consistently that that first lot of G500s is going to carry lower margin and our guidance to you reflects that. The increase in revenue is a combination of a lot of different elements in this very complex portfolio, Hawker, mix in deliveries, increased service, so across sort of the whole canopy (49:01) of levers that present in any given quarter. That is our best estimate right now. I'm pretty confident in it in terms of the revenue and the earnings, frankly.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So think about large shipbuilding programs and businesses is typically having margins in the 8% to 10% range depending on the maturity of the program. So that's the prism through which we should look at the Marine Group. That said, as we ramp up on Columbia, we will see some margin compression quite naturally because that will be cost plus work. And given the long duration of the shipbuilding contracts and the shipbuilding process itself for any one of these single submarines, that margin compression can obtain for a while offset, of course, by increased improvements in our Virginia class performance which we have historically shown. So I don't have a good estimate right now for you of the out year estimate on the mix between Virginia and Columbia. Columbia will, in seven or eight years, completely dwarf or heavily dwarf Virginia. So it's simply because of the volume coming into the yard. Think about it this way, we start manufacture of that first Columbia in 20 and then it will ramp up pretty expeditiously through the next four or five years. So we'll be able as we – I think I mentioned from time ago, we signed last year a detailed design contract. Part of that contract is a detailed plan that we worked out with the Navy on exactly the sequencing of the requirements and the build strategy and the funding to go along with that. Once we get that ironed out in the next year and a half to two years, then we'll have quite a bit of clarity on exactly what this very long range program looks like.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So our costs and savings have baked into our estimates for the year. And with respect to CSRA, our integration is going very, very well. We're right on target, in fact, a little ahead of schedule. I suspect we will continue to see increased synergies over time. The beauty of putting these two businesses together is we can take the best-in-class out of GDIT in the best-in-class out of legacy CSRA and really marry those capabilities for some pretty impressive performance in the marketplace. The combined GDIT under the new GDIT has had a 75% win rate this year. That is pretty darn impressive for a highly competitive business. So I think that speaks to the power of the combination of these two businesses.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So we have added about $900 million in this quarter alone to – over $900 million in our backlog on the combined contracts. With respect to employees, we have retained every single employee that we have wanted to retain. And the beauty of this integration is that we're taking the management team of CSRA and the management team of GDIT and we have melded it into a very, very effective, cohesive management team with a vision on how they want to proceed. They are melding the two cultures. They are bringing the best-in-class technical capabilities in each business and the customer intimacy in each business. So we're very pleased with our employee retention. We've had super contract generation. There have been frankly no surprises or disappointments in any of the contract activity since the acquisition. It's interesting, just to give you a little bit of perspective on this. GDIT grew 9% and, for the quarter, CSRA grew 12.6% and that's the particularly impressive given their 9% growth in the quarter prior to the acquisition. These businesses are doing extremely well.
Phebe N. Novakovic: On Gulfstream, so one of the things that you should by now think about us as a superb operating company. So we'll get through the initial lot, fairly expeditiously and you may ask the number in that lot, but I don't intend to tell you. And then begin our ramp down our learning curve. We've got synergies between the G500 and G600 lines because they are coproduced in the same facility. I'm not going to be predictive of how good can we get in the out years. But you can believe year in and year out, we will improve our performance on our airplanes.
