Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, let me just reiterate what our tax -- what our cash deployment -- capital deployment strategy has been. First, we invest in our business where we believe that we can get a good return. We are in a period right now of growth that needs to be supported by investments and happily and officiously we’ve a tax bill that gives us more free cash flow. So it's a nice marrying of objective and reality. We also look for transactions, acquisitions that are accretive in our core and you saw some of that this past year in 2017. The only -- and we’ve talked about this for many years, the only long-term steady reliable repeatable elements of cash and capital deployment are dividends. Share repurchases, we cover dilution and then all of our other share repurchases have been tactical. So I don't see a particular change in the strategy. The tactics, of course, are driven by the needs of the business and in the case of tax reform provide us additional free cash flow. So a happy event.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, first of all, we never discussed price. But suffice it to say, that is not driving any margin changes or compression. So I think it might be appropriate just to remind ourselves where we've been for the last couple of years and where the next two years, this year and '19 are. So we've been in a transition period and think about the transition in two pieces. One, that we've been living through to the last two years where we're bringing down 455 50 production and offset any earnings decline as a result of that we committed to attempt to keep earnings flat by increasing somewhat the 650 production, which we’ve done in addition to cutting costs and improved operating efficiency and good planning, all of that has happened. Now as we move into the full throttled transition where the 450 is out of production this year, the 550 is coming down to low rate and ultimately very low rate production, we are feathering back from 650s as appropriate and as we told you we would and the advent of the 600 comes on board, 500 and then 600. So we're pretty much on track -- we are very much on track and exactly the progression, the magnitude and the duration of this transition period that we’ve been in. We never discussed our R&D, but again suffice it to say that it has been robust and it will continue to be robust going forward.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So let's talk about new platforms. Always have a -- they start at a lower margin rate and improve over time if they come down our learning curve. In addition, the first lot of any new airplane -- that’s airplanes tend to carry with them lower margins. So as we get the first lot of the 500 and 600 out at the production line and we improve our learning, which we have done historically and I’m confident we will do again, then we will eventually see margin expansion and that's the kind of earnings growth I’m talking about in the latter end of our planning period.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the budget have been very supportive of our program of records and our new programs. And I haven't seen any surprises there. Typically, we can cover a relatively short-term CR rather wholesomely and this year was a little bit different, and I can get into that if you wish. But what we've done is appropriately hedged our guidance with some expectations around varying length of the CR. So we will be and I believe better shape, and we’re comfortable that we're in better shape this year with an extended CR than we were last year. Just to give you a little bit of color what happened last year, in particular with IS&T, which -- let's talk about the short cycle businesses tend to be more affected by a CR, but typically we can cover that. In '17, we had a couple of other things happen. And let me restate that or reinforce that the vast preponderance of the '17 revenues that we didn’t get in '17 and moved into '18, but in addition to the CR, we had a number of new Army startups which had a disproportionate effect on the impact in both GDIT and Mission Systems. You may also recall that the Army stopped funding WIN-T and some other related comms programs until they completed their network and battlefield review. So that drove a couple of months of revenue from 2017 to 2018. And then we had a new administration with some unanticipated civil agency cuts that we had not forecasted and -- but that's been addressed by our customers in Fed civ as they modified their plans. So I think our ability to manage a CR is significantly better this year because I don't see any of those other factors contributing to perturbation in the IS&T sales.
Phebe N. Novakovic: It is, but if the -- don’t underestimate the increase and modernization funding coming from the Army, that becomes an increasingly large component of our backlog throughout our planning period.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I think very well. I have long said that I like the positioning of our platform, defense platform businesses because they tend to be somewhat countercyclical. In a hot war, the tactical forces received the preponderance of the funding and that was true certainly in the hot wars of Iraq and Afghanistan. When we wind down from active intense conflict than the strategic forces, which in our case is the Navy, tend to receive more funding. In this instance, what we have is a little bit of a combination of both that we need to grow the fleet for the obvious threats that we’ve in the North Atlantic and Pacific, and the Army needs to recapitalize based on -- it's had a number of years over a decade of the consumption of its material, but it needs to not only replace but upgrade that material and they put the money behind it. So I like, I think, we’re well-balanced. I don’t want any particular surprises in any of the studies that have come out recently and we had factored all of that into our thinking.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, let's put it this way. We are mindful that there can be an appetite for increasing particular program and ours have been very heavily supported, but -- particularly in the authorization process, but the appropriations have to follow. We're very comfortable that the programs that we have, our core programs of record in appropriation still are fully funded and frankly this is true across our portfolio. The more money that’s available, the higher our revenue and opportunities can be. So I am comfortable with where we are in the moment on our projections given what we believe to be the likely outcome of at least the near-term budget cycle.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, order activity and frankly our backlog are heavily United States, Canada, and Europe, Far East, lesser extent Mid East. And in my case, some of that are backlog of what you need to think about it, we understand every single buyer in our backlog. We know them, they’re sound financially. It's a sticky backlog and we have very few fleet customers. So as between -- so it is a very steady sturdy backlog, and the mix between public companies, private companies and individuals vary nearly about [indiscernible], and in any given quarter that can go up a little bit among those three categories, but no material difference in the last few years and what we are seeing in terms of a consist and geographical location of our customer base. J-Stars, I refer to you Northrop, because they’re our prime. But the 550 will be in load a very low rate production for the foreseeable future and we will support the plan that Northrop has for us.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, we have always been very disciplined about our capital deployment and you can expect in this instance that we have planned our investments as close in time to the returns as possible. The Navy understands that. There are contractual provisions in all of our contracts that provide for harmonizing across to better optimize the investment with the returns. We are not speculative of the nation needs to fund the submarine force in particular. And our investments are twofold. One, they clearly make us more efficient, but it also helps the affordability for the Navy. So it's a win-win for both us and the Navy and we’re in very close contact and have been completely aligned with the Navy with respect to the quantum and the timing of our investments and we fully understand the need for a reasonable return.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So we will see how that plays out, but it frankly didn't factor into our projections. The demand -- we based our plan on the demand that we see about the -- what I’ve called now for many, many quarters, a robust pipeline. The pipeline remains robust and we are a believer because history actually supports this view and experience support this view that new product generates additional incremental demand. We've got new product coming out. So I’m comfortable that our demand projections that’s been a manifest in our deliveries are reasonable. And let me -- so I think -- I hope that gives you a little bit of color, but let me have Jason address the lot.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, historically and this is historically customers have been pretty loyal to their particular brand. I think over the last three, four, five years, we’ve seen some -- we’ve seen changes in that prior behavior and we have gained share. We have -- we now have our customers in our backlog and are delivering airplanes to customers that were in other peoples, other airplane manufacturers, historical customer set. So I don't really think about it and I don't really know how much is from any particular -- how much of our incremental increases in our order book and in our backlog has been the result of others, but frankly we're the only ones really out there in the moment with a lot of new airplanes. We got the 650, we got the 500 and 600 coming right in behind it and then frankly the 280. So that I believe is the single largest reason for the increase in our backlog and more importantly in our orders and deliveries in the moment.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I’m really not going to talk about our strategy. I don’t worry too much about what the others are doing. I think we just have to focus on doing what we do well and what we do well is we’re the low-cost, high quality producer across all of our fleet of airplanes and we have also funded and are executing a robust pipeline -- a robust R&D program that has allowed us to bring in consistently new product. I focus on that. I believe that is what ultimately drive success and that is what you’re seeing in the Gulfstream performance.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. So, we gave you some figures on operating cash flow in the remarks around call it $3.7 billion. And I think to your point with the tax reform and as Phebe alluded to that increases net income and by like amount increases free cash flow. So I don't think tax reform necessarily has -- have there no tax reform, didn’t have any impact on our free cash conversion rate. What it does provide us is additional free cash flow that we can then deploy. And as Phebe mentioned, we have opportunities including in our shipyards as well as additional R&D and product development opportunities across the business to invest in the growth of the company, and that is something we intend to continue to do. So between those opportunities that will notch up or down over the course of the year and beyond as well as, as I alluded to the opportunity to perhaps take advantage of the tax reform to fund a little bit more into our pension plan. The free cash flow conversion could end up approaching a 100%, if not a 100%, we continue to target that range, but call it still in the 90s, we well exceeded a 100% in 2017 even beyond our original expectations, but we are back structurally in that range. And so I think that’s how need to think of it. But we will probably focus more on operating cash flow as a number that’s more directly targetable because some of those other levers will move up and down, CapEx, R&D, and so on to support the growth of the business and they could move the cash conversion rate from the mid 90s to the 100% range depending on where those ultimately end up, all opportunities for growth in the business.
Jason W. Aiken: So, we typically target around 2% of sales. We’ve come in a little lower than that in the past, so I'd expect to see us toward the higher end of that this year and in terms I think you asked a question about how does that plan over time. Some of that is -- its still in play. It's a longer term plan, but I think you will see it come up a little bit over the next few years and then back down as we go through that facility master plan.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. And yes -- and without getting into the specifics of our inventory numbering system, suffice it to say, a lot of aircraft at Gulfstream we would burn through within a year in terms of delivery. So when you think about the 500 or any airplane that’s entering into service, there's going to be a natural production ramp. And so we won't quite get through the first full lot in this year, but there will be a handful of unit that will deliver in the early part of next year. So we'll be through that first production lot by early next year.
