Jay L. Johnson: I think, yes, of course. And why do I say that? Because, again, it's the shorter-cycle business, and it's been the one that's been, shall we say, most exposed here. Through the CRs -- look at it this way. I don't want to over-dramatize here and say perfect storm scenario, but in a way, you could almost make that case when you say, "Look, we've had 2 CRs in the last year. We're likely to have another one. We've got the reality of award delays." We got -- because of that or part of that is protracted acquisition cycles. You got this fog bank as sequestration out there. And then we've got programs that were mature and very successful concluding Pentagon [ph] renovation, Rescue 21, CHS-3, the Walter Reed here in DC. So that being replaced by other programs -- these are good programs, but they are slow to pick up the ramp, if you will, and the margins will probably be a little challenge relative to the old mature programs until they get rolling. But still in all, that scenario, I can see it through what appropriated in 2012 in a way that makes us confident that the guidance is very achievable. Could it change? Sure it could change, but right now, the best vision we have says, we think we can get there.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay. Let see, Heidi. We do believe that it's going to be back-half-weighted. I mean, one of the reasons I took the guidance down was because of what we're seeing so far. So if you take my guidance down 5% as I just did, and then you look at the rest of the year as I just described to Rob, is there uncertainty out there? You bet you. But again, if the appropriated funds are obligated, we believe this is a good piece of guidance for IS&T. As we've discussed and will continue to discuss, I'm sure as the year goes on, the fog bank becomes more real the closer we get to it. But again, I was -- to be very honest with you, 3 weeks ago, I was more concerned about it, it being 2012 execution, than I am today just because we are starting to see some award activity that was frankly absent in the first part in the majority of the first quarter. So am I enthused about that? I'm gratified by it, and I'm hopeful for it, but you know, the check's in the mail to a certain extent here until we see, as I mentioned before, more sustained "normal activity" going forward. And that ties back to the obligation of appropriated fund. So it's going to be a very, I think, dynamic is probably a fair way to say it, year, particularly in the shorter cycle IS&T business. But I'm giving you the straightest we have right now on the view that we see out forward. The award fees in general, and that I don't see frankly -- I guess, the comment I would make would be the competition you see, in particularly, the IT Service business is as intense or more intense than it's ever been. So there, I think, Heidi, is where you're seeing a lot of that. That accounted for -- the IT Service business is probably about 1/3 of the decline in my forecast. The Tac Communications business was probably 50% to 60% of that decline, and part of that decline in IT service frankly is biz lost, my term, in this hypercompetitive environment which gets to your point on these.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes. I think -- I mean, my answer to that, Heidi, is yes. And if you look at -- I see opportunity, and I've used a little of guidance in Aerospace and Marine, in both. And I'm very -- at this point, I feel good, confident about Combat Systems, in terms of absorbing the impact of what happened with the accounting issue at ELS. But the 3 U.S. businesses were essentially on and on. So I think yes. That's a long yes to your answer.
Jay L. Johnson: 9% to 10% is probably -- what I have in my head right now is a fair answer. To your earlier point. Were talking, right? Given the, shall we say, pullback or delay in the tactical communication and the product business in IS&T, the service side of it takes 40%, 45%. It becomes -- you're approaching half of the IS&T book is in the Service business with great business, as I said in my remarks, great return on the investment, but at a lower margin.
Jay L. Johnson: For the quarter, it's about 60%, so -- and I've talked about that some in the past, but I think it's really good for everybody to see that coming back. And even better, when you match that to the other statement I made, which is if not North America replacing Rest of World, Rest of World is still doing great, but North America is also coming back now, which is, I say, a good sign for everybody.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay. Right now, the pricing is very strong on the large cabin. That's a consistent statement. That hasn't changed. And frankly, I don't see it changing, both 450 and 550 for us. The mid-cabin market as we see it, based on the activity levels and listening and talking to the other OEMs, I think for us, it's improving, but still a bit challenged, I guess, is a fair way to say it. We're seeing 280 activity. The 150 activity for us was slow in the early part of the quarter, and it picked up in the latter part of the quarter. So that's a good thing. I hope that's responsive to your question.
Jay L. Johnson: We've got a pretty good chance of having it about right now, because as I mentioned, we're still in kind of a 18- to 24-month sweet spot backlog. And as long as that's the case, I think we've got the production rate about right.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes. That's a tough one to give a crisp answer to, because we don't know the frame of the template that we're going to be dealing with. Suffice it to say that as I've said previously here, I think the challenge for us, the responsibility, really, for all of us, is to stay committed to executing the appropriations that have been laid forth for the year. And if we can continue to do that, there's reasonable news in entering as I say, that fog-bank-called sequestration out there. How it manifests itself, nobody knows. How do you prepare for that? It's really tough. But what you do is you maintain your agility, you keep running your business, you control your costs as best you can, you stay focused on execution, and you don't overcommit yourself with capital, I think, in that kind of an environment. And that's about the best protection I believe you could give yourself coming into something that is unknown as what we're seeing right now.
Jay L. Johnson: No, to your latter. And it's been a work in progress quite honestly for quite some time. Example would be the movement which we executed late last year of the ELS headquarters from Vienna to Madrid. So we're attending to that, basically all around. And it's continuous work. And it'll continue to occur as we move forward, but it's not impacting our margins right now.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I appreciate that, Sam. And I would just tell you that I think particularly, as it applies in IS&T, we like what we're seeing. We just haven't seen enough of it. That's a fair way to say it. I mean, it's early in the year. There's starting to be movement. We're starting to obligate the appropriated funds. We're starting to see that. That's a good thing. If that continues, okay. Then maybe I can feel differently. But right now, in terms of where within the $7.10 to $7.20 band we are, but right now to be honest with you, I haven't seen enough of that goodness, and I've got the $0.13 dividend. That just was the reality here in the first quarter. That's what puts me at the low-end. I'd love to outperform that. And I'm hopeful that we can. But I'm just not ready to write that check yet.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, it has -- I mean, to be fair. And it's frankly just a matter of scheduling and executing a very detailed test regimen with our partners in the FAA. I mean, that's pure and simple. And may we do it better than that, yes. But right now, with the testing, we see that they want to have -- I'm just -- I'm hedging it a little bit. I'm not worried about it. It's just a matter of -- and it's not just a matter of getting type certification, okay. You get type certification, then you have to get the simulators certified, then you have to get the crews for the airplanes that are entering into service type rated, et cetera, et cetera. So it's a fairly complex set of realities you have to be dealt with, starting, of course, with getting the type certification. So if it happens, second quarter or third quarter, to me, I'm happy either way it's coming, the airplanes are performing beautifully and there's great enthusiasm for them out there. So I'm not hedging it, because I see a problem. I'm just hedging it because of the reality of the testing and the pacing of that testing. This isn't the only thing the FAA has to do either. So I'm just being sensitive to that.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, we've done those, yes. I mean, we've done most, all of the, as I would characterize it, company testing. But the protocols are such that you do it, and then you analyze it, and then the FAA works with you, and you do it again. So it's a series of sequential events that have to occur here. And so that's I think the answer that you were looking for.
Jay L. Johnson: I don't quantify that. But I've been very consistent here in saying that we expected a number of G650 cancellations once the PPC call was made. And we got basically what we expected. So Gulfstream piece of that is in line. The reason I brought up the other for the Aerospace and backlog is because it was a big jet that fell out of the backlog, because of, frankly, the death of a customer.
Jay L. Johnson: No, completions business is doing -- is on plan. And I'll take the opportunity to say that you didn't ask this, but I mentioned, we've delivered 1 of the 3 aircraft. I would tell you that the -- just to reaffirm to everybody and to my folks at Jet that the feedback I'm getting first hand on the quality of those airplanes, and what they've done is spectacular.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, as I said, Jason, I think before that what I expect out of Jet this year is essentially breakeven, and then we ramp from there. And right now, I feel pretty good about that. In fact, I feel very good about that. The real challenge in the completions business, quite honestly, will no longer be our ability to manage the throughput. It's to fill the skyline. So what am I saying? I'm saying if the business is out there, we've got the protocols and processes in place now to really nail that business, okay, which is good news for everybody. I'm really proud of what they're doing now. And the challenge will be if the customer demand is there. And we're working on that very seriously, as you would expect.
Jay L. Johnson: Mostly backlog. Maybe just a smidgen on the quarter. To be honest with you, I can't -- I don't even have the number in my head, but it's not material. It's mostly just backlog, Carter.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think I'm not worried about the 2012 piece. We've got work to do as I mentioned before in 2013. But I would say that it's pretty consistent here, in terms of the concern -- that Abrams has generated with JSMC Lima regarding the whole issue of defense industrial base going forward. And we've had, as recently as yesterday I think, I read in the clips this morning, 170 members of Congress signed a letter to Secretary Panetta expressing their concern on this issue, which says, frankly, this defense industrial base, as we go into this full fog bank and deal with the new realities that everybody's challenged with, the defense industrial base is elemental to that discussion. So from our standpoint, of course, we think that totally appropriate and must be part of the calculus, and we're very encouraged by it.
Jay L. Johnson: Now, listen, first of all, just to refresh, next week, the 2nd of May, to be precise, Phebe Novakovic does become the President and COO, working directly for me. As you would expect, that's the start of a very disciplined succession rhythm here, if you will. She and I are spending a lot of time together as you would hope. And I'm very anxious to get started here, frankly. We spent a lot of time with my direct reports now, executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents with Phebe. And so the transition is beginning, and we're very encouraged by all of that, so -- and we'll continue to work very closely together as you would hope. Likewise, Phoebe is in the process as we speak of turning over Marine Systems group to John Casey, who is currently President of Electric Boat. And then John will be turning over EB to Kevin Poitras, as you probably know. In every one of those moves, we're very well served. And John's going to do a superb job as EVP, and Kevin will do likewise as the President of Electric Boat. So it reaffirms, frankly, the bench strength of General Dynamics and how seriously we take the succession business. And we feel very comfortable with all of that, Joe.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, one of the things she'll be doing, first-order, of course, as you would expect, is spending a lot of time with the other executive vice presidents, if you will, and the businesses, getting herself, shall we say, refamiliarized, because she's fairly been total focused in the Marine group as was her task -- to get her now snapped in, if you will, resnapped in to the other 3 business groups. So as first order business that would be elemental to what she's doing. And she and I will work very closely throughout all of that as will the rest of the leadership team. So this is teamwork underlying.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I always give you conservative numbers, Cai. But, I mean, it's a pretty reasonable number from what I see today. Is there some upside to it? I certainly hope so and I think there probably is. But I think that's reasonable today, quite honestly.
Jay L. Johnson: I think the completions -- the production rate, as I think I always say, can be -- it's unchanged today. Can it be tweaked a little bit? Yes, as we go through the year. Will it be? It's too early to tell. That's a fair answer.
