Jason W. Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. Our net interest expense in the quarter was $24 million versus $23 million in the second quarter of 2016. That brings the interest expense for the first half of the year to $49 million versus $45 million for the same period in 2016. The increase in 2017 is due to a $500 million increase in our outstanding debt last year. For 2017, we expect interest expense to be approximately $105 million. Our effective tax rate was 27.4% for the quarter and 26% year-to-date. As Phebe mentioned, we're lowering our target for the full year to a rate of 27.5%. That reflects a greater benefit associated with employee stock option exercises than originally anticipated. On the capital deployment front, in the second quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million shares, bringing us to 4.6 million shares in the first half of the year for $900 million. In total, when combined with the dividends we paid, through the first six months of 2017, we've spent $1.4 billion in shareholder-friendly capital deployment, more than 1.5 times our $857 million of free cash flow for the first half. This left us at the end of the quarter with a cash balance of $1.9 billion and a net debt position of $2.1 billion. We continue to anticipate free cash flow this year to approximate 100% of net earnings and, in turn, deploying 100% of that free cash flow to share repurchases and dividends. Alison, that concludes my remarks, and I'll turn it back over to you for the Q&A.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. I guess at a macro level, what we've seen through the first half of the year is really on par with what we planned for the year, so nothing out of the ordinary. We expected a bit of a ramp to the second half. So as I mentioned, still targeting at or around 100% conversion. The build-up in working capital, you mentioned was actually anticipated in connection with the Land Systems' international programs. Really what we're seeing there is as we're moving from what we experienced in the past couple of years with large advance payments and then the burn down of those advance payments, which we've talked about ad nauseam at this point. As we move into production, you're seeing a more typical build-up of the unbilled receivables prior to delivery. And as we then move into a ramp up of deliveries, we'll begin to liquidate that unbilled receivables and we expect to see that to start to turn in the second half, and hence, a bit more of the ramp in the cash flow in the second half. So all part and parcel of moving from the development phase of that contract into production and a subsequent ramp in deliveries. So we'll see that unwind beginning in the second half.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. I mean, we had talked about for a while dating back entry into service this year, and that's still, as Phebe pointed out in her remarks, the demonstrator aircraft will enter service this year. So we'll complete certification, get type certification, enter that aircraft into service, but that, of course, won't have a revenue implication, that's what she was referring to in her remarks. But nothing otherwise off-schedule or off-plan from what we had anticipated this year.
Jason W. Aiken: George, I mean, obviously, we can try to reconcile the math, I don't think ours is worked out exactly as yours is suggesting. That's probably not totally unusual. But I think the two bigger issues are a little bit of a downtick in the number of deliveries in the fourth quarter. We've talked about that as it relates to outfitted deliveries under the new standard versus our old revenue recognition model. So that is baked into plan. And then it's somewhat bit of a mix there. So more significantly the volume of deliveries, there's a little bit of mix issue affecting the margin. But I don't think it's down quite as dramatically as you're suggesting. It is definitely off as implied in Phebe's guidance.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. I don't have the Q3 in front of me, directly, I do know that Q4 is off a little bit. I also know that last year was particularly lumpy. The second quarter was a bit of a spike. So we can parse through the quarterly deliveries, but 4Q is definitely off slightly and that's what's the largest impact driving the margin difference.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So the U.S. Army is anticipating upgrading the Abrams to the next version, in part to meet the changing and evolving threat, frankly, worldwide. So we have factored a lot of that into our thinking. And if you think about it, we went from one tank production a month for several years, just keeping that plant on my support and we're now looking at nice, nice improvement and throughput for that plant. So we see demand increasing for the Abrams in various configurations, both domestically and outside the U.S. as well. So the Abrams is, I think, positioned quite well to do – to continue to grow.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So let's talk about that in two respects. First, both of these businesses are shorter-cycle businesses and they're more affected by an extended CR. Recall, we had a seven-month extended CR, which had a impact on our products business and the execution of obligated funds, execution of appropriated funds in terms of obligation. So that's pretty much a question of timing as the military services gear back up on their execution. The second side is on our services business. We had very slow execution on programs in several civilian agencies, primarily driven by uncertainty and, in some cases, reduction in funding levels. I suspect some of that we'll obtain through the course of the year until the administration sorts out some of the funding for some of the civilian agencies. But that said, we believe that our products business is poised for growth for the remainder of the year. Recall, we have a very nice backlog in this business, so it's simply a question of timing, when our customers execute programs.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Nothing. Actually, no substantive issue in particular, simply more rigor as they move into the contracting process. So I don't see any macro reasons. We have identified none that we've got potential customers who are waiting on the sidelines, it's simply just taking longer for a whole series of reasons. Everything from the introduction of brokers to additional board approvals, so for fleet aircraft purchases. Those are constant, but there's nothing in particular that's driving this other than I think this is just a new regular order. It's going to just take longer from the time you enter the pipeline to the time you sign the contract.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. I don't think that there's anything particular about those new models that would change the length of time that we're experiencing. I think that's a structural change. It's simply around timing. It's taking a bit longer, and we've learned to adjust to it.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, there are a couple of things that are affecting the revenue. We anticipate lower – now, we anticipate lower pre-owned, that carries with it, with a lower pre-owned sales that reduces revenue, but increases margin. We have a few – fewer G450 deliveries and then just lots of other puts and takes.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No, no, we're good with that. We're on track. The certification and flight test program is proceeding very, very well. And Jason can give you just a little bit more color on the – this really is the essence of the change of the impact of revenue recognition.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the G650 margins have exceeded the G450 and G550 at their peak. And you ask a question that I ask Gulfstream frequently, how much better can we do? And we will do better, the quantum of which we'll have to see. But we've come down our learning curve. That purpose-built facility has turned out to be an operating mix-up (29:10) for us. It's been really nice fit for our guys to be able to get sequential airplane-over-airplane improvement. So I suspect we have more to go. You're never done in the continuous improvement. The R&D, you can anticipate our R&D spending to be about the same level. We have a very robust R&D pipeline, product pipeline, so obviously, that is that (29:38).
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, when attractive, accretive and strategically important target cross our path. So that heretofore has yet to happen. But nonetheless, we don't really comment on this as you well know, but we're certainly not – we're certainly predisposed to be interested should our criteria be met.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure, sure. So as you well know, we are fully embedded in the undersea warfare element of the Navy's shipbuilding budget. We are – we've been very encouraged to see the Navy's interest in additional SSN Virginia-class. I think they increased recently their shipbuilding plan by 18 SSNs, that's about a 38% increase from 48 to 66, consist of Virginia-class. So that would be very, very encouraging, if that comes to pass. We will see. We're positioning ourselves, as you all know, for the Columbia ballistic missile submarine. The design is going extremely well, and we're on track to begin the build process exactly when we thought we would. So we see the undersea deterrent and the undersea war-fighting capability of the U.S. Navy as a key national security imperative as clearly evidenced by the Navy's interest in increasing subs. With respect to NASSCO, interesting to speculate for a moment, NASSCO has continued to perform very, very well. We have the potential for an additional ESB, I think that would be ESB 6. That's a program formerly known as MLP. And we'll see if that comes to pass. We also have – the Navy's given us long-lead funding for the second oiler, and there's an opportunity to accelerate that program to two ships a year, should the Navy so choose. But frankly, all of this takes money, so we're going to have to see how the budget process shakes out and what programs receive what funding and when.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So on the FMS, for those programs that flow through FMS, we expect Kuwaiti tanks and tanks for the Kingdom in the fourth quarter. The tanks for the Kingdom have already received Congressional approval. Primarily, we see the FMS used for tanks, less so on the wheeled vehicle side. We also see FMS for our munitions and armaments business, and that has been proceeding quite nicely, not in the big ticket items that the tanks represent, but nonetheless nice steady volume. With respect to the G550, the G550 is, as I'm sure you know, in service in a number of non-U.S. Air Forces in the ISR mission. And by the way, when we talk about special mission, we mean the ISR mission and we mean Medevac primarily. So – but on the ISR front, the G550 has been in service in some cases for many years in a couple of countries and performed extremely well. To the extent that there are opportunities for the G550 in the U.S. Air Force market, the Air Force will tell you – tell us if they want our airplane. They don't, they don't. We're – Air Force programs, we're not that intimate with the Air Force, so I tend to defer any questions on the big Air Force programs to the prime. But with respect to the G550, I think it stands on its own merit. I think there are also some opportunities moving away from the ISR front if you look at the U.S. Air Force and some potential opportunities to refresh some of the executive transport airplanes. But that is a longer-term potential program. I would note that a number of the airplanes are getting a little old in the Air Force executive transportation fleet. So that's again their call and we'll be prepared to respond to whatever their requirements are of us.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. The Army, as it's been widely reported, reviewing its networking and communication strategy, including, but not limited to, WIN-T. And as you can well imagine, we're working very closely with our customers to respond to any changing requirements. And those will play out over time to the extent that there are any. We don't see any significant risk, by the way, in this year to our WIN-T estimate. To give you just a little bit more color, we have a long-standing, 20-year, networking expertise in land forces – tactical land forces network, and we think that positions us very well to work with our Army customer now and in the future.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So Jet Aviation is doing quite well. Their services businesses are up, again, primarily driven by increased flying hours. And their completion revenue and earnings are down a bit due in part to reduced inductions from Bombardier and St. Louis, but we're doing very well in Basel on our completions programs as we transition from engineering to production on several airplanes. So Jet Aviation, both on its services side and its completions side, continues to perform very nicely.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No, I think I meant exceptional in the sense that it was noteworthy, not that it was rare. As I think we're guiding you to margins in the 11.3% to 11.4% range. I anticipate that we will have no trouble in meeting that spot on. I don't expect any upside beyond that. But these businesses have performed very, very well. Our attention to cost, schedule and performance has really driven the bottom line in both those services business and the products business and communications networking and Intel.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I'll take the questions in inverse order. I'm not going to parse the differences in margins between the G650 and the G650ER. But as we've been talking about for some time, G650 production is going to come down somewhat in each of the next three years. We increased the production to help us in this transition period as we move from the G450 to the G500 in particular. And so our expectation, the balancing that we've been doing this year and into next is that as the G650 revenue begins to decline, the G500 and G600 will offset that decline. I might note that the interest in the G650 and G650ER continue to be quite robust. In this quarter, we had the highest number of orders that we've had in the last six quarters for the G650 and G650ER. So that airplane continues to generate an awful lot of interest in the marketplace.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. I think that as we look at where the G500 is in terms of orders and our production schedule on the G500, we're comfortable that we can offset the somewhat reduced G650 sales. But I think that's just prudent business.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, if you go back a number of years, I think we used to have insights into the defense budget process, both within any given administration and on Capitol Hill that weren't necessarily widely shared or available. But given the ubiquitous amount of information that flows today, I think you all know as much as I do in terms of specificity. But the President's budget exceeded – the budget request exceeded the budget caps by $54 billion; OCO, the Overseas Contingency fund has often acted as a relief valve for the caps. So perhaps, Congress will consider doing something like that in addition to being able to can never (43:56) adjust those caps. Both the Senate and House Authorization Bills are significantly in excess of the President's budget. And the House Defense Appropriations Committee is about $135 billion, I think, over the President's request. So look, what does all that mean? Right now, it's a giant fur ball and we're going to have to work through the process and see what comes out the other side. As I noted, I believe that there is real interest and desire in additional defense spending which will manifest itself in some more additional funding and budget for defense. It's just a question of how much and what accounts and when. So we still have ways to work through this process.
