Jason W. Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. I'll be brief as I've got just a couple of things to cover before we start the Q&A period. As we've discussed throughout this year, we're seeing more of an impact on our financial results from foreign exchange rate volatility this year than we have in the past. Still not material in the aggregate, but it's having a negative impact on some of our segments, particularly Combat Systems. As Phebe pointed out, the group's revenue was held steady over the first nine months compared with last year, but had foreign exchange rates, particularly the U.S. dollar to the euro and the Canadian dollar, held constant from 2014 to this year, the group sales would have been up by 8% year-to-date. As Combat Systems shifts away from a heavy reliance on U.S. military sales to an increasing level of international activity, we'd expect foreign currency fluctuations to continue to be a part of the group's story. Moving onto interest expense, the net expense in the quarter was $23 million versus $21 million in the third quarter of 2014. The slight increase is due to lower interest income as we've deployed over $1 billion this year from the balance sheet towards share repurchases and dividend payments. For the full year, we expect net interest expense to be approximately $85 million. At the end of the quarter, our balance sheet reflects a net debt position at just about break even, a total of $41 million debt in excess of cash. This compares to a net cash balance of about $660 million at the end of the second quarter. And that change, again, is due to the capital deployment activity in the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 27.6% for the quarter, lower than we expected as a result of increased international earnings as well as favorable contract closeouts and other true-ups associated with the filing of our tax return. For the full year, reflecting our favorable performance to date, we now expect an effective tax rate closer to 28%. We funded our pension plans as expected in the quarter and continue to expect cash pension contributions for 2015 to be approximately $185 million. Erin, that concludes my remarks and I'll turn the time back over to you for the Q&A.
Jason W. Aiken: So it was $0.05 impact in the quarter. And as I mentioned, I think we're expecting closer to 28% tax rate for the year. So you can do the math on what that does to the fourth quarter.
Jason W. Aiken: So I think one way to think about it is we would never view a net cash position as being optimal and even a break even situation is not optimal. I don't necessarily think we'd characterize as having a target leverage position. So much as we think about having the preservation of the strong balance sheet that allows us to be poised to quickly and readily take a strategic direction when the opportunity presents itself. And as far as capital deployment goes, I'll look at my boss and say I'm not going to speak to our plans for next year and get out ahead of her. But you know where we are today is trying to normalize that deployment of capital to a net income level given that we see free cash flow being somewhat less than net income this year.
Jason W. Aiken: So yeah, two parts to answer that question: from the perspective of actual economic exposure in having a foreign currency revenue or expense item in a particular business, we have about 100% hedged and we're totally secure on that front. What I'm referring to strictly is the translation of our indigenous businesses in Spain, in the U.K., in Canada and so on translating those operating results back into U.S. dollars for consolidated reporting. So it's not an economic loss we're talking about. It's a headwind from a U.S. consolidated reporting perspective. But from an actual economic exposure standpoint we're very comfortably hedged.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, it was largely the difference between the two book-to-bill calculations is really about mix, and let me give you, let me take this opportunity, I think, to give you a little bit of color and detail and I'll parse for you sort of the demand picture, because I think I want you all to understand the demand signals in their totality. So what I'm going to talk to you about is what we have seen so far this year. And I think this context is important. First, Gulfstream continues to perform well in the market. This was our strongest third order intake in the last four years. And by the way, it follows the strongest second quarter intake that we had in seven years last quarter. Second, our North American sales activity remains good. And this quarter we saw some resurgence in the international market. Interestingly, with about half of our orders coming from ex-U.S., Asia, Pacific Rim, Australia, Latin America, Mideast. So nice broad order interest and order activity. Third our book-to-bill, as you noted, is wholesome. And fourth, and I think this is also important to recall and understand, our firm backlog for this quarter is $13.6 billion. That's right around the median of our backlog total for three years. So what does that mean? It means that the backlog has been remarkably stable. And by the way, recall that our orders come with good deposits and strong contract terms, so they're rather sticky. So let me give you a little bit of color going forward. Our pipeline is good, as it's been all year. And if you're interested in the piece parts constituents of the pipeline, it's heavily North American which is wholesome. Public, private companies, high net worth individuals. And these are sophisticated buyers, who're interested in fleet replacement and augmentation. So I think as context, that gives you a little bit of color on what we're seeing. Now, with all of that said, there are some non-macro headwinds. We had a competitor with white tails in the G450 and G550 space at very low prices. There are also five to six pre-owned G550s on the market that are less than five years old. And these newer planes are still under warranty. And for some customers, they can be competitive with our new offerings. So with all of that said, we remain pretty cautiously optimistic. I think I gave you a little bit more there, but I wanted you to understand how we're seeing the entire market, because I think it's important to see it in its totality.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, to the extent that I think that can fully understand your question, we will give you more color on 2016, as we always do, in January of that year. But I'll try to give you some context for 2015 and 2016 and not beyond that, what we see in terms of the cash headwinds. We have those international deposits that we're deploying, as you would expect. And we're building our operating working capital, also as you would expect if you think about it at Gulfstream. So that all flushes out at the end of 2016. So if the essence of your question is there any structural cash generation issue at our company, the answer is no (17:37).
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah, so this is a good news story for us. And it's across both Mission Systems and Information Technology. They both had a strong quarter, and they're improving their performance year-to-date. And there is no single area that's driving strength, given the number of programs that we have in that portfolio. There is just constant flux in mix and timing. They have been, but because of their decreased cost structure, they've been winning more than their fair share. So that has added nicely to our book-to-bill which I think year-to-date is about 1-to-1. And those short cycle businesses, that's pretty impressive. So I think it's operating excellence, technical ability, and just focus. So we're very pleased with what they've done.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah, let me take them in the inverse order. The G450 and G550 are about three to four quarters. So not much of a change there. With respect to the G650, our production is as we anticipated this year. So no changes to that. But going forward, as we prepare our plan for next year, we'll look to feather in a couple of, and I'm talking about one and two, just a handful – onesies and twosies – feather in some G650s to help offset as we make that transition to entering into service on the new airplane. So that's pretty much what we've been seeing all year and saying is exactly what we're continuing to see.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So our flight test program is going very well. On the G550 we have surpassed G500. We've surpassed more than 100 hours of flight, and we've successfully completed about, I think, 45 missions. On the G600, we've begun construction and is well underway on construction on the test aircraft. And we plan to fly that in 2016. And our entry into service remains unchanged. So going very, very well.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, that's hard to predict since we don't, but I'm not going to get out ahead of Gulfstream. We're sticking right now to what our original entry into service is. And as we go and we mature and get down the test flight program, we'll have a little bit more clarity. But right now that's what we still see.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, the budget – the prospective budget, agreement would be very welcome news I think from a national security perspective. And certainly for us our programs are fully funded in the President's request and as we understand the proposed budget agreement. So I think that's some very, very good progress made quickly. So we're pleased with that and we would encourage and hope that, that continues since – we're hopeful that, that's all on track. And on Combat, we are continuing. It's between, last year and this year, we've had some mix issues as we came off of mature programs that were in development and at the end of their production runs and started up on a whole series of new programs. But that backlog, and that coupled with the operating excellence of that entire group, positions us quite well for nice earnings growth. And margins should increase over time. If you think about that business as we've got our platform businesses, but we also have our Ordnance and Tactical Systems business. And they had an absolutely terrific quarter. So they are highly focused on their cost structure, operating leverage, and they had a very wholesome book-to-bill in excess of 1-to-1. So for a short cycle business that's very, very good.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah, think about the submarines in two ways. We're at our – this will be steady state on Virginia Block IV revenues. So what we're seeing now will continue. And we will continue to see and anticipate growth in the Ohio Replacement design work, which has been growing at a very healthy clip. And the growth will slow down but it will continue to grow. So that business is very well positioned for additional revenue increases.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah. So our production for this year is exactly on track. No changes. We're in the process of setting our production rates for next year and we'll give you that color when we report fourth quarter and give you guidance. And the G650 actually, we are one or two slots away from moving to a second quarter of 2018 availability. So that backlog, as wholesome as it is, continues to grow.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, so far, we've seen nothing to particular note that's interesting at accretive prices. So I think that's the best way to think about it. We're really not looking because there isn't much out there, from our perspective. So we just continue to keep our powder dry and you'll continue to see us through the course of the year buy back shares as it makes sense tactically.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. It had to do with a bearing on a drive shaft. And that's to the extent of which I understand the shipbuilding challenge there. But we took the warranty and NASSCO is, we took the charge and NASSCO is all set to, it is poised to recover for next quarter. So that was a one-time event, and it's in our rear view mirror.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the fourth quarter is going to be lighter than the third quarter. And let me take you back to last quarter when we talked about Jet Aviation and that we were going to see some margin compression in the second half as we began to spend on engineering in the pre-production activities at Basel that we need to do in anticipation of the start of production which begins early next year. That has happened and it will continue into next quarter. So couple that with you've got a higher R&D and lower launch assistance. And that's essentially the story from where we sit right now.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, as I told you, we're seeing a significant margin compression at Jet. And I think that if you back in the math, it's fourth quarter, maybe somewhere around 18%. Yeah. So Jet is a factor. Our R&D spend is going to be higher. There's really nothing other than that. There's nothing structural, if that's what you're getting at.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, on your latter question. And on the G500 and G600, customer interest has been good. And we expect that interest and demand increase as we progress through the development program and we, frankly, get closer to EIS. So this is an attractive airplane set for our customers.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, as you would expect, we took in a large number of orders into the backlog in 2014 and if you look at the engineering cycle and typically when programs start production, you could reasonably expect that production to begin in 2016 and I think we've been pretty clear about that. But I don't want to get into any more detail on what 2016 looks like until we finish our plan.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, your supposition is right. Cost management is going to be key. The margin compression that we've seen in Jet reverses in the first quarter of 2016 as they begin production. Right now, they're simply in the dueling phase and engineering for these large body and narrow body airline completions. So that's a fair amount of engineering work. We'll get into production then starting in the first quarter of next year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yeah, so let me talk a little bit about DDG-1000. As we've said before this is a highly complex and revolutionary surface combatant. The first of which – we've got three in our backlog and three under construction – the first of which is nearing C trial. So we are continuing to work with the Navy to resolve O&E developmental issues that they see. And I think we all agree that we're working through all of those technical challenges on this first ship. And by the way, I think the bellwether that we used to think about performance on that ship is, you may recall that the complete redesign of the deckhouse on the third ship was reassigned to us, that design is nearly complete and construction is proceeding quite nicely. So that suggests considerable learning and I'm very pleased with at least that performance there. We do have some risks going forward. We'll manage that accordingly. We're working very closely with the Navy and Navy's other subcontractors on this program. But let me give you some sense of magnitude: Bath is 1/32nd of our sales so we are paying quite a bit of attention to what is a complex warship, but I think the context is important here.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Great. Well, thank you for joining our call today. If you have additional questions, Erin can be reached at 703-876-3583. Have a great day.
