Amy Gilliland: Thank you, Katie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics fourth quarter conference call.  As always, any forward-looking statements made today represent our best estimates regarding the company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jay Johnson.
Amy Gilliland: Heidi, I think we just generally usually try to give you a sense of how it's going to play out in the year. And you might've missed his remarks but right at the end, Jay did comment that in the second half of the year, that's where most of the EPS growth over 2010 will be. So it will get bigger each quarter with the second half being the largest.
Amy Gilliland: Thank you for joining our call today. And if you have additional questions, I can be reached at (703)876-3748. Have a great day.
Jay Johnson: The direct answer to your question, David, is no, it does not anticipate the full year CR or really even a modified CR of any kind. But I would tell you and I would opine that if you did have a full year CR indeed, there would be impact, which I'm not going to try to quantify right now. The important note I would put forward though is that in the CR environment we are dealing with right now, there are programs that would be affected should the CR continue. Significant programs, Virginia class to a year, for example, is one. But in every instance, I would tell you that the customer and our folks are front and center working these with all invested stakeholders so that it's not passing by anyone's scan that we've got a deal with these as they're presented one at the time. So it's getting the attention it deserves. It's a different way of doing it, but we're working hand-in-glove with the customers to make sure that we come to a satisfactory outcome.
Jay Johnson: Well, you know, Rob, let me put it this way. You know that the Marine group, and I talked about this, the Marine group is very lumpy in terms of its backlog. It comes in big slugs. We work off the slug for a number of years, it comes in other big slugs. I mean that that's the most lumpy of any of our defense groups. And you heard me mention also that we had contract delays in significant programs, which are reflecting in the backlog that we see right now: the DDG 1000, the DDG 115, 51, 115 by a whole number and MLP, et cetera. So that lumpiness is just the reality, and we're working off the last big inject right now. So you'll see that come back to us, I would expect, starting this year. The Combat Systems group is kind of less lumpy, but it depends. The vehicle, the platform business tends to be a little bit lumpy and that runs year plus backlog injects. The weapon systems and ammunition and guns business tends to be kind of year-by-year. And then of course, in IS&T space, it's all very active inside the year loop as I think I mentioned in my remarks. And they did a very good job this year of getting themselves essentially 1x in their backlog for 2010. So I don't know if that's totally responsive to your question. But the backlog, I would tell you that the way I describe my feeling about our Defense backlog is I'm very watchful, okay, and very attentive to it. Am I concerned about it? Not right now.
Jay Johnson: Two years from today, I'm not prepared to answer the question. But I would tell you, I mean, if you look at Marine by itself here, I've already mentioned the major platforms that are being dealt with as we speak. Those will come into backlog, I believe, this year. They're being worked as one offs as I've mentioned before even with the CR. So they were delayed largely because of, in our view, I believe, the incredible workload of the program offers inside the Pentagon as they redid the LCS strategy and now that, that has been delivered, we're working very diligently with our customer on both the DDG 1001 and 1002 and the 115 and the MLP contracts. So we're getting inject back into that backlog this year. In two more years, what it will look like? Well, I'm not going to get speculative, but I mentioned in my remarks that we've got another block of Virginia class submarines coming, which will certainly be nontrivial in terms of backlog. That was the huge inject the last time we had a backlog. So we've got that, we've got SSBN development work, et cetera. So you're going to see increase in the Marine backlog as we go forward. Combat is probably, honestly, going to be down a bit, flat to down, not unexpected on the U.S. domestic side. On the international side, I think we're going to see growth there. We are seeing growth there, and I believe that, that will continue. IS&T should be good on their backlog, flat to a little nose up perhaps. But as I said, that's usually inside the year, and it refreshes itself annually. So that's probably more than you wanted, but that's where...
Jay Johnson: The backlog is really being enhanced by all -- by the large cabin, obviously, all three of the large-cabin aircraft and the mid cabin. So a pretty good spread there, Carter. We're still taking orders for 650s, okay. The 550, 450 book, you've heard me talk about the 18- to 24-month backlog sweet spot, okay? We're in the sweet spot, looking good. I feel very confident about that, and we're taking mid-cabin orders. That activity continues to grow, I think is probably an accurate term. It's not what I'd call robust, but it's clearly coming back and we're getting more activity as we go month by month and we're taking orders for 250s, we're taking orders for 200s, and so I see that in very optimistic terms. The number I gave you, the production numbers I gave you for green deliveries are consistent on the large-cabin in production 450, 550 with I think what I've been signaling pretty much throughout the year, based on looking at that 18- to 24-month backlog. We feel pretty really good about that. And the mid cabin, 15 to 20, give me a little upside there. We anticipate, I think, that probably that market may return, but I'm giving you kind of a conservative number there and we'll see how it goes. But every indication we have in the mid-cabin is that, and I think you may hear this from some of the other OEMs, that the mid-cabin market is coming back. So as it applies to the 650, and I know you know very well my numbers on '12, '13 and '14 in terms of completions, that 17, 33 and 33, I'm going to stick with those numbers right now. But we're going to turn out about a dozen 650 greens as I mentioned in 2011. And you can probably add 10 or so a year to that to deliver those completions that I just described. And then as we get closer to full production here, we'll wick it up and anticipate being able to do so, but I'm just not ready to write that check yet.
Jay Johnson: Well, I would characterize it this way, Doug. On the initial blush, I would characterize it as dilutive to large-cabin, new aircraft margin, okay, because it's brand, spanking new. And we're going to -- anyway, you understand that. But as I've said repeatedly, as we hit stride with that airplane and look at the purpose-built facility we've got, the design for manufacturing that's existent within that platform, those margins will grow handsomely, and I expect them to be the margin setters for Gulfstream, pace setters for Gulfstream. When that will occur, I can't tell you, but I would expect continuous improvement as we go. We're very bullish on the 650 as you probably can tell and are very excited about getting it operational.
Jay Johnson: No, I mean it will be several years, but I'm not going to try to pin it down. Joe Lombardo would be mad at me if I tried.
Jay Johnson: Essentially, it's flat. The way I characterize it, I said, they're going to be challenged to maintain their sales this year. And Myles, it's strictly a function of timing on those contract delays.
Jay Johnson: Well, I mean I think you know, Myles, we look at all of that. And I haven't changed my direction to any of the business unit presidents out there, the 13 of them that within your sphere of business look for opportunities to grow that business with acquisitions, be it core, additive core, which I believe in this Defense environment, there will be opportunities that come available, and adjacency and/or dual use or commercial. You bet. We're looking at all of those things. And then in addition to that, of course, we have the Aerospace growth engine that we intend to take advantage of.
Jay Johnson: I can't think of anything off the top of my head. But I mean our Defense portfolio, you hear me say it repeatedly, one of the great strengths of our defense portfolio is that it's very diverse. And so it gives us lots of opportunities, and we've got ups in some places and downs in other places, and we constantly assess how each portion of our portfolio is performing. And we'll grow some of them. And dare say we'll probably divest some pieces of it as we did, for example, with Spectrum Astro last year. If it's better for somebody else than it is for us, we're not afraid to divest. So we shape the portfolio as we go.
Jay Johnson: I think the way I'd characterize it, Peter, is that it's still very active. There are still some soft spots in all of this. And I have no false expectations that some of the things won't continue to move to the right. But by and large, the European order book, both indigenous order book and the FMS export order book, are quite handsome, I believe. We've got the Canadian LAV, which I mentioned in my remarks, which is very active. We expect the production contract anytime here in 2011. You got the TAPV, you've got the CCV programs after that, that we're very competitive for. You got the Scout SV Specialist Vehicle in the U.K. We're in development right now on a $750 million contract. So that is proceeding a pace, and it will be years in stride with every indication that it's going to proceed per original intent. The Spanish 8x8 that you mentioned, the VBR, the Spanish government ministry is still working very diligently, given their circumstance, still working very diligently to bring that thing to contract this year. That's about the best I can say. They've been very consistent in that. Will it happen? We'll see. But they're certainly committed to making it happen as best they can. So we've got orders in Switzerland for platforms, dura platforms. We've got orders in Germany for EAGLEs, and the EAGLE just keeps getting better and better as it goes and more order activity around that. And then you move into the FMS work with our FMS customers, and you got two huge LAV orders that are already in play. You've got an FMS tank order in excess of $1 billion that's in play and will go into production this year, I believe. You've got the Iraqi tank order that we're already delivering to the Iraqis, and so it goes. I mean -- so it's very active. And I mentioned in my remarks, the Namer for the Israeli Ministry of Defense that we're working with them on right now at about I think a $300 million contract. So the international book will continue to be very active. There'll be puts and takes, I think, as I mentioned earlier because of budget realities in other countries. But the long term and the integrity of that book, I think, is very solid.
Jay Johnson: Yes. And I think you've heard me say it before, Peter, but I got my head around right now, this being a $9 billion business, plus or minus a little, and that's kind of what the way we're seeing it right now. That's the way 2011 looks to us. 2012 is not quite as clear just because of where we are in the budget process, but the going in position looks pretty good. So we'll see how it plays out. But I don't see any drastic motion, frankly, down or up, in Combat Systems right now.
Jay Johnson: That's probably a question to ask the Marine Corps. But honestly, I mean we believe the expeditionary fighting vehicle satisfies the requirement nicely. Decisions have been taken that said it's unaffordable, it's not a quality thing, it's unaffordable. We are working to make that program either wind down or reshape. We're being very responsive to lots of people's questions as you might answer. But I would to say this: how it ends up, I don't know, but whatever happens, and I alluded to this in my remarks, we are well positioned to compete or provide whatever the Marine Corps needs to satisfy that amphibious requirement in whatever dimension it's presented in final form. I think that's the fairest way to say it. It's always been and remains a strategic mission decision on the basis of the United States Marine Corps in the 21st century. And if they need an amphibious capability of whatever proportion, we believe, based on our experience in EFV and building lots of things that go on and under the water, that we can compete quite handsomely for that and intend to do so.
Jay Johnson: Well, to a point, Sam. But as you know, we're very disciplined in our ability to maintain profitability at our shipyards. So if the contracts delay much longer, there's no doubt about the fact that we'll have to reshape our business up there to deal with that. We did it in NASSCO because we've got a valley, if you will, in the order book coming out there. We'll do the same thing at Bath if we have to, without question.
Jay Johnson: Well, I don't consider 18.9 million shares to be trivial. But we're opportunistic not programmatic in our share repurchase segment activity. And when the market suggests that we're undervalued and ought to buy it back, if that's the best use of the cash, we'll do it. But as you know, and I think we've talked before, Heidi, in terms of capital deployment, we've held back just because of the environment in which we've been operating to make sure we have plenty of cash. We have plenty of cash. I think you could expect now that the environment is improving to see us execute our balance preference in terms of how we deploy our capital to include more acquisitions and continue share repurchase as the market talks to us. So we'll deal with the dividend in March as we always do. We'll deal with share repurchases as it becomes opportunistic for us. And we're looking and working the M&A side very actively right now.
Jay Johnson: Yes, we'll keep chewing it down as long as it makes sense to do so. But we're also about growing earnings around here. And so the capital deployment is going to be helping us tie to that very nicely.
Jay Johnson: Yes. We have 18 to 24 months backlog in both the in-production, large-cabin aircraft. There is not cannibalization occurring. We're still taking orders for 650s. We're well out on 550s and 450s. We're very pleased with all of that. I do not see cannibalization as an issue. We're holding price very handsomely on the large cabins. So the 650 is not a replacement, as you know, Heidi, but for everyone, is not a replacement for any aircraft. It defines its own part at the top of the market. And that's exactly the way it's being presented and that's exactly the way it's being received. So it's not threatening at all to our 550 in terms of backlog or activity at all.
Jay Johnson: I think the general answer there would be not much. I mean in years past, I think as you know, the OCO, the supplementals, et cetera, included procurement, included MRAP, included things that were very elemental to us. But in the past few years, what we're seeing is really the best way to say it, I think, is our core programs have moved into the base budget, by and large, okay? So it's not something that is going to change our life much if the OCO comes down. That's probably the best way to say it.
Jay Johnson: No, very small. I don't have a number in my head, but it's not -- let's put it this way, it's not something I worry about.
