Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. I'll start with our cash performance in the quarter. Operating cash flow was $1.5 billion in the quarter, once again on the strength of Gulfstream orders and from continued strong cash performance from our Technology segment. Including capital expenditures, our free cash flow was $1.3 billion or a 148% net earnings conversion. Through the first 9 months, our conversion rate is 91%, approaching our full year outlook for free cash flow conversion in the 95% to 100% range. For those of you who followed us for some time, this performance through the first 9 months of the year is better than we've seen in the past several years and gives us good line of sight to achieving the upper end of our target cash range for the year. Looking at capital deployment. Capital expenditures were $196 million in the quarter or 2% of sales. That puts us a little under the 2% of sales for the first 9 months, so trending somewhat below our forecast for the year. We're still projecting full year CapEx in the range of 2.5% of sales. So that obviously implies an uptick in spending in the fourth quarter. We also paid $332 million in dividends and spent $117 million on the repurchase of 600,000 shares in the quarter. That brings year-to-date repurchases to 8.5 million shares at an average price of just under $174 per share. We repaid $500 million of notes that matured in July. And although there were no new issuances, we ended the quarter with $2 billion of commercial paper outstanding. We expect to fully retire that balance before the end of the year. So we ended the third quarter with a cash balance of just over $3.1 billion and a net debt position of $10.5 billion, down more than $800 million from last quarter and down $1.4 billion from this time last year. With the scheduled CP repayment in the fourth quarter, we expect to end the year with a net debt balance below $10 billion for the first time since 2018. As a result, net interest expense in the quarter was $99 million, down from $118 million in the third quarter of 2020. That brings the net interest expense for the first 9 months of the year to $331 million, down from $357 million for the same period in 2020. The tax rate in the quarter was 15.3%, bringing our rate to 15.9% for the first 9 months, consistent with our full year outlook, which remains around 16%. Order activity and backlog were once again a strong story in the third quarter, with a 0.9x book-to-bill for the company as a whole, bringing us to a 1:1 ratio for the first 9 months and a 1.2x ratio for the trailing 12 months. As Phebe mentioned, the order activity in the Aerospace group led the way with a 1.6x book-to-bill in the quarter, while technologies recorded a book-to-bill of one-to-one.  Foreign exchange rate fluctuation resulted in a $300 million reduction in backlog in the quarter, with the majority of that impact in Combat Systems. We finished the quarter with a total backlog of $88.1 billion. That's up 8% over this time last year, and total potential contract value, including options and IDIQ contracts was $129.6 billion. That concludes my remarks, and I'll turn it back over to Howard to start the Q&A. 
Jason Aiken: Yes. So to Phebe's point, we get a lot of questions around will this new product investment have any impact on the overall R&D spend and what does that do to margins over time. And as a reminder, we have a long-term steady commitment and demonstrated performance of investing in Gulfstream's product development and new technologies over time. So I think if you look over a multiyear period, we've averaged company-sponsored R&D in the call it, roughly 1% of sales range, and we don't expect that to change. Largely, the 800, I wouldn't say it's behind us, but it's been part and parcel to that spend over time. R&D is spent as a period expense over time. As Phebe mentioned, the G400, while a clean sheet airplane is part of the 500 and 600 development, and so the commonality among those helps keep that spend down. And so both of those airplanes are right within that profile of R&D spend. I think to the extent you see any lumpiness in R&D as we did this quarter, and we'll expect to see a little bit next quarter, that has more to do with supplier offsets that we receive. You're probably familiar with those where suppliers contribute to the program development efforts. And those come in lumps and chunks, so that tends to create the quarterly perturbations and R&D spend. But overall, the period expense for these programs, including the 2 that were announced this month, are right inside that line of company-sponsored R&D. So we don't expect that or the -- frankly, the introduction once they come to have an overall impact in the margin improvement trajectory that we see for Gulfstream over time. 
Jason Aiken: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add to your point on the commercial paper repayment and future priorities around debt is that commercial paper will mature here in the fourth quarter. We've got more than sufficient cash on hand, so we'll just repay that in normal course as it comes due.  The next debt maturity is in late next year. I think it's around $1 billion that will come due. So no real imminent issues there, so we can focus on the priorities Phebe mentioned. And then as those elements of the debt ladder do mature, we'll pay those down in due course up to  a point until we get to a comfortable place that we think long term continues to support our target mid-A credit rating for the company. 
Jason Aiken: Sure. I think as you can see from the exhibits this morning, working capital was a benefit, call it, in the couple of $300 million or $400 million in the quarter. That is largely from the performance at Gulfstream, the significant order activity that we've seen throughout the year and the quarter as well as the continued sale of the last of the test articles from the 500 and 600 program. So that really is the big benefit in the quarter. Working capital is still a bit of a headwind year-to-date, just as the business grows and we work through some of that. But I think as you look ahead, we would expect to see working capital to continue to be a benefit in the fourth quarter and beyond as we get back to that 100% conversion level this year. We're approaching that level this year and certainly expect to get above 100% conversion next year. So part of that is the continued demand cadence at Gulfstream. Once we get through the 700 program, we would look to sell off those test articles as well.  And then, of course, you've got the ongoing benefits at Combat Systems. You've seen us achieve a regular order on the large international program there in Combat Systems. And that will continue to be a tailwind, really even more of a tailwind, I think, into '22 as well as into '23. So those are some of the major movers. The other side of it, of course, is where we should be peaking this year in terms of the capital expenditure investment profile in Marine Systems. So that will start to come down next year and return more to the normal historical level we see by 2023. So those are really the big movers there and should give you a sense of where we ought to see the working capital moving over the next 2, 3 years. 
Phebe Novakovic: So we get a fair number of questions on this, so I think it's worthwhile walking through each element here. And first, let's take a look at margins. I'll make some comments that I'd like, Jason, to maybe elucidate a couple of points, and then we'll get into a little bit of earnings. So when you think about margins and the new product development, at present, we have about 3 models in production, soon to be joined by the 700. The 800 replaces the 650, and the 400 comes later. Importantly, we have all the modern plant property and equipment to do everything we need to do. We need to add some more CapEx to undergird the increase in wing production. Remember, we're doing all of our wings. But here's the important part, and it goes to the design for producibility that we built into these airplanes and the implied productivity that's embedded in that design for producibility. And remember, too, we are seeing margin improvement in every single one of our airplanes in services. This now tells you -- and again, I think it shines the spotlight on the operating leverage of Gulfstream. But to amplify all of that and really give an additional uplift, remember, all these aircraft are related. They all have the Symmetry flight deck. The G700 and 800 are the same engine and wings and the same basic fuselage. The G400 and 500, 600 have the same engines or similar engines from the same family from 1 supplier and the same basic fuselage. So this commonality align -- allowed us to design for producibility, which is going to be an uplift to our margins. Now if we unpack that a little bit, we get an awful lot of questions about R&D. And I'd like Jason to talk a little bit more, and perhaps not for all but for some, a bit of a tutorial on R&D accounting. 
Phebe Novakovic: So what does all that mean if you step back? So margins this year are at their low point in aerospace. Next year margins will improve, and '23 margins will improve. Earnings were better in '21 than they were last year. They're going to be better in '22 and '23. And by the way, when we give you guidance on the next call, we're going to give you some color and some insight into both of those years to help explain and amplify again what we're looking at, at Gulfstream. So I hope that helps answer your question, Myles. 
Phebe Novakovic: So the increased demand supports increased production. We'll get into all of that specificity on the next call. But as I noted, after we reduced production last year in response to COVID, supply chain challenges that were in large part driven by COVID and COVID demand, the supply chain needs to gear back up. So there's a little bit of a headwind. But that's why I wanted to give you the color around the margin and earnings performance. 
Phebe Novakovic: We're anticipating that to drive a higher revenue. So as I said in my remarks, this is a rich problem to have. I wanted to be as transparent with you as possible to tell you, hey, look, we've got this. There's a nice strong backlog. We've got very good demand, a continuing demand. But as we ramp up, and we will be ramping up, there are some challenges. We can manage those challenges and manage through them, but I thought it was important that you guys understand that. 
Phebe Novakovic: So I tried to give you some measured look at the Aerospace issues. But on supply chain, the chip shortage impacted Mission Systems. I would note how -- and we do expect that to go into next year somewhat. I would note, however, even since the close of the quarter, they have begun to significantly mitigate some of those chip impacts. But across the portfolio of our defense businesses, we are not seeing significant or even material supply chain challenges. So we've been able to manage through that pretty well. So for us, and I can only speak for us, that hasn't been a significant issue other than its impact at technologies and driven by Mission Systems. 
Phebe Novakovic: It's primarily a lead time. The fact that we pulled down last year adds a little bit of headwind to the increase in production that we see on a going-forward basis. But I don't see any particular problems at the moment impacting that. This is really just a timing issue and getting folks back up to speed. 
Phebe Novakovic: Let me answer those in the inverse order. We have seen some upward pressure on pricing, and then let me unpack your demand. So look, our own view of our increased demand is a combination of factors. One, the very attractive product mix, a strong economy, the return of the Fortune 1000, increase high net worth individuals. And in fact, COVID did create in pockets some wealth creation and the pent-up demand that's built up during the pandemic. The demand is -- and I think importantly is spread evenly pretty much across our product line. And there's nothing unusual to report on customer mix or geographic distribution other than the North America was quite, quite strong. 
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So we're working very closely with our customer as well as the Department of Defense to support a potential order of 250 tanks out of Poland. If we -- and frankly, this is a powerful system for the polls to have given their geographic location and their historical experience, particularly with folks stream and West. So if we think through again the FMS process, and this is an FMS sale, we're looking at somewhere between maybe in the 2-year period.  But just to give you a little bit of additional color we see increased demand signals coming out of Czech Republic, Romania, Denmark, Switzerland, Spain and, of course, the Middle East. The world hasn't gotten any safer. 
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So our estimate at the moment still remains late next year for the 700, with the 800 to follow 6 to 9 months later. For those of you who have followed engine certification for years and decades, some of you, you'll know that they are always challenging. This engine is performing extremely well in terms of its capability in either meeting or outperforming its design specification. We've got a lot of test growth on a going-forward basis to get through.  So we don't see any particular issues at the moment, but we are mindful that these are always complex and challenging processes to work through. And we've adapted to changes in the -- in our regulators in the FAA's game book before. And at the moment, we don't see any reason to adjust our estimates. But if we do, we'll let you know. 
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So before I get into the mandate, I'd like to take the opportunity to reiterate again our acknowledgment of our workforce. I think it's important to remember that we were declared a critical national infrastructure business early in the onset of the pandemic. And as a result of that, our workers stayed on the factory floor in the shipyards and in places where they were needed, frankly, throughout the pandemic. They stood their watch and, from my perspective with courage and fortitude, to produce the goods and services that are necessary for our national security. I personally am fully cognizant of the sacrifices they made, and I'm proud of the courage they showed. Now let me turn to the mandate. As you well know, as a federal contractor, we are covered by the executive order on the mandate. The corporate office mandate has been fully executed. Two of our largest businesses are in the process of executing the mandate, and many others are set to implement accordingly. And because of our customer, operational and geographic diversity of many of our businesses, we are working with our customers as contract modifications are received that could trigger an implementation. So we keep a pretty running tally. We're at, we believe, in some form of either full or partial vaccination in the 75% range or so. And then yes, so we understand the mandate. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well, frankly, to the extent that there is an impact in the supply chain of this mandate, it will affect a lot of lines of business throughout the defense aerospace world. So I don't see a particular challenge at Gulfstream or in the moment at any of our other large lines of business. But we will certainly be mindful and deal with any workflow perturbations should they emerge. Look, we have a history of dealing with challenges methodically, systematically and thoroughly. So you'd expect us to approach that operating discipline and apply that operating discipline to any emerging issues that may or may not arise. 
Phebe Novakovic: No. I mean not at the moment. We've been pretty consistent in our margin performance across this entity. So I don't see any systemic change that should impact that. 
Phebe Novakovic: We have no instances of cannibalization to date. The 800 is ultimately a replacement for the 650. About 650 demand remains pretty steady. And the customer base is pretty much our typical customer base. There may be incremental adds here and there, but I would argue that we see that in both the 700 and 800 and frankly, the rest of that portfolio to the extent that there are incremental here and there. And this tend to be high net worth individuals or some new Fortune 1000 or 500 companies. But I think there's nothing particularly notable here in terms of being exceptional outside the norm. Other than there's a lot of good interest here. We've taken a good number of orders. 
Phebe Novakovic: So I think you know as much as I do, given the fulsome and in-depth reporting on congressional budget processes about the likelihood of signing, so I'm not going to go speculate on hypothetical timing. But I think, importantly, all of our major and frankly all of our programs were well supported, and some are beneficiaries of  increased spending on the part of the Congress. So all in all, we had no particular surprises, by the way, up or down. So we were quite comfortable on how this budget is being played out. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well, I wouldn't be taken little about this. I think that -- and nor should anybody. I think the demand that we're seeing is, I tried to reiterate before, is across our existing customer base. The Fortune 1000 is back in force. There are, as I noted, new entrants into that market as some companies have increased their profitability over the last 2 years. And there are additional high net worth individuals who have entered into the market.  So I think that the data -- and I can only speak for Gulfstream. The data would suggest that given our attractive product mix as strong, as I noted earlier, strong economy and the fact that our customers are back and broad-based demand, I'm not worried at the moment about sustainability. These are -- Gulfstream is in and business jet market is in a cyclical market, driven in part no small measure by the economy. But we have been the most resilient in terms of demand through most economic cycles. So again, I think we are [ very resilient ] and we've got a good pipeline going forward. 
Phebe Novakovic: We're not going to parse it, but it's pretty -- we've gotten a fair number of new folks, but also our regular and historic customers. They're back on some new customers from market share increases. So as far as I'm concerned, we had very, very good demand, and the pipeline remains robust.  As that was our final question, I would like to hand back to Howard Rubel for any closing remarks. 
