Amy Gilliland: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics fourth quarter conference call. As always, any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jay Johnson.
Amy Gilliland: Thanks, Hugh. I'd like to highlight that a summary of the guidance provided this morning is now posted on our website as supporting materials in the webcast link.  [Operator Instructions]
Amy Gilliland: Thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached at (703) 876-3748. Have a great day.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, as I mentioned, I mean, we're seeing U.S. decline that we offset with the international, as you just said and I said in my remarks. But I mean, it's a combination of Stryker and Abrams, primarily. And if you look out past 2013, you don't see a lot. But if you looked at a year ago, what we had in 2012, you didn't see a lot either, and we ended up being very well supported. So this is a constant work in progress between us, the customer and the Congress, and I would anticipate that to continue. So there will be some U.S. vehicle decline. We see that quite clearly. But don't forget, those programs are both elemental to the United States Army, even as they reshape themselves. So we'll use the international sales to help offset that, but we'll still do a great deal of business in both those domestic programs. And now we've got Force Protection in there to help us on both the product and sustainment piece for the vehicle business.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, first of all, the Gulfstream order book is healthy across the board. I mean, we're very pleased, particularly, as I mentioned, in the large-cabin. That's a consistent message I've been delivering, but it's backed up by the backlog in the order book. We see very healthy order activity, particularly in the large-cabin offerings. I would say the United -- North American market returning is a good sign. It's still outpaced by the international space. But we're very encouraged to see the North American market activity picking up.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay. Joe, first of all, I'm very pleased with the 650 program. We're very excited about it. The aircraft is performing beautifully, and the sales book is still very active, even with over 200 in the backlog. So that's all good. We are on track, as I mentioned in my remarks, and I think the way I said -- the words I used were "in the midyear." We're still looking at about late second quarter, thereabouts. It's paced, quite honestly, by the working down of the test points in collaboration and with the FAA. All on track. All looking real strong right now. The airplanes, as I said, are performing beautifully. The margins were consistent with what I've been saying, Joe. They are better than the group average but not as strong, as you would expect, as the in-production large-cabin aircraft. That, too, will change, as I've said before, and it will ramp up beautifully. I'm just not-- I'm not ready to wick that up verbally yet. But everything we see in the production side, everything we see in Savannah is coming along very handsomely with the 650. So the rate ramp-up that you asked about, again, I'm going to hold to what I've said before. The production, we're going to add about 2 dozen or so green deliveries a year. Did I say -- yes. 10 to 15 a year is what I'm -- 10-15 a year green deliveries. But my complete deliveries, I'm sticking with 17, 33 and 33 for right now, with every expectation that we'll exceed that. I'm just not ready to go there yet.
Jay L. Johnson: We feel very good about it. I think it's proceeding just very well, actually. We're anxious to get them to the customers.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I mean, we're clearly still benefiting from the superb performance on the T-AKE program. And that keeps it up. But honestly, even as that matures out and completes at the end of this year, I do not expect to see a drastic margin reduction at all. And I've been very consistent in that. This is a 9%- to 10%-margin business with these 3 superb shipyards. And I say that publicly and then charge the shipyard presidents to beat it.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, Heidi. It's about low 30s in 2011, and I'd see it going up probably a couple of percent or so in 2012, and therefore continuing that kind of a ramp out for the next -- well, with clarity through 2014 to 2015.
Jay L. Johnson: I think the way I would-- the best way for me to say it, Heidi -- and I've described it, as you point out, kind of throughout the year. But when we put the new management team in place, okay, just after the midyear and Dan Claire and his team settled in, we brought in some other subject-matter experts from across the businesses here at General Dynamics and particularly at Gulfstream, with the sightline to get clarity and definition, if you will -- more granularity on what we were feeling and seeing. They did exactly that. And as we brought ourselves through the second half of the year, we came to a point in the fourth quarter where the magnitude became very clearly defined for us. And therefore, we realized the operating earning impact, which then triggers an impairment review of the long-lived assets. And so you have it, $78 million of one, $111 million of the other. And I also mentioned in my remarks that most of this tied to the legacy aircraft, and the 3 legacy aircraft in particular; and somewhat to the OEM business mix change, if you will, from the other OEMs, which has impacted us. Those 3 legacy aircraft will be delivered here within -- one of them within a matter of a couple of, few weeks and the others -- by the midyear, I should think they'll all be gone, delivered to customers, with very happy customers in terms of the quality of the work. But I would also say that the charges that were taken capture the costs that we have incurred thus far, and those we project for the completion of those 3 legacy aircraft. I think it's important to put that out there. So we've got the right leadership in place; the management team is firmly in control; the processes that were causing us problem with throughput have been, in large measure, really well defined, clarified. And we're running smoothly with a workforce that is pulling together in the ways that they need to. So I think we're finding ourselves in 2012 in a place of much better improvement at Jet completions, and we're anxious to see that reality unfold throughout the year.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay, Cai. The 280 cert timeline, I mentioned in my remarks, we got CAI, the Israeli certification provisional -- full cert, sorry. And so now we're working with the FAA to get provisional type certification here in the U.S. That's ongoing right now and proceeding. There's no issues here. It's just marching down the timeline. I believe, based on that, some of the software issues we'd talked about before in terms of what you need to get final certification, type certification, I would expect that to be second quarter -- midyear, as I said, entry into service. But as far as the aircraft itself, the aircraft itself is performing very well. And there is great customer interest. So I think that captures most of the 280. Let me think. Yes, that's probably enough on the 280. But we're on track for certain delivery by the midyear. The dollar forfeiture, the forfeitures, the LD is really a function of getting liquidated damages from the defaults that we experienced, which were higher than they would normally be. We knew that would probably be the case. It was the case, yet it was less than we expected, which sounds like I'm talking around a circle. But at any rate, we got substantially fewer than that in the forecast for 2012. And I think that's probably enough to say right there.
Jay L. Johnson: No, I won't give you the number. But let's just say it was probably at least half of the entire year's amount in the fourth quarter.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes. Honestly, Ron, it's still a soft spot. I think that's a fair way to say it. We are seeing activity, as I've said, I think, in the last several quarters in the mid-cabin. We've got activity in the 280, but it's still a very -- there's a lot of inventory out there still to absorb is probably a fair way to say it. So it's clearly still a very bifurcated market with, I would say, very strong activity in the large-cabin and modest to -- but active at a lower level, activity in the mid-cabin.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, let's just say with 200 in the backlog in the purpose-built facility that you've seen and the way these airplanes are coming together and the excitement that surrounds all of that, we're always looking at opportunities to increase production as rapidly as we can smartly do it. And that's really the operative, and that's why you won't have me getting very aggressive on the number -- as aggressive as perhaps you would like or the airplane deserves. But in time, we'll be there.
Jay L. Johnson: I don't think that, that's -- the R&D investments, as I've -- we've said for years around here, is a constant investment and whether the top line is going up or down. We've been through that over the past few years. I would say that the R&D investment this year was higher than kind of normal for us, a full 3.4%, I think something like that. But we target 2% to 2.5% and then deviate from that as circumstance and development requirements dictate. But we're -- suffice it to say, we're in product development all the time. And you know the cycle of our airplanes, nominally a 15-year cycle. So we're either looking to enhance, upgrade or perhaps replace airplanes in due course. The 650, as you well know, isn't replacing anything. It's defining its own spot at the top of the market. The 280's coming in for the 200. That transition's going well, and the rest of it will be done in due course. But we're very pleased with the product line we have right now, and by the order activity that I described earlier. I would say, so is the customer.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I mean, as you've heard me say many times, we do believe in a balanced capital deployment philosophy here. But specifically to your point, Rob, on the dividend, we've been very proud to increase our dividend for the last 14 years. We gave it a 12% increase last year. We deal with that and have that on the agenda for our meeting, our board meeting on the first week of March. And rest assured, we will have a very thorough discussion of that, and we'll see where the board goes. But I would anticipate dividend activity to come out of that. Beyond that, I'd certainly -- it'd be inappropriate for me to comment.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I think -- I mean, I think there will be opportunities to acquire defense properties at good value, going forward. I'm not sure we are there right now. But as this market tightens, I believe that there'll be defense space opportunities. And having a lot of cash in your rucksack, as we do, gives us the opportunity to take advantage of some of that, as we did with Force Protection, whereby we got a good strategic asset at a very fair price.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I think -- again, I mean, you have to look at your criteria for acquisition and be very disciplined in how you analyze, assess and actually then act on the potential acquisition. Does it enhance your portfolio? Does it give you a fast current? Does it give you a return on your investment? And that will be perhaps more challenging as this environment tightens, or perhaps it will become even more clear that this is an obvious go or a no-go. So I think, look, it comes down to the discipline by which you execute these acquisitions. And we have a very good internal process for it. We risk-adjust everything we do, based on the type of business it is. So I feel like we've got the rigor we need to fairly assess what's out there and make good judgments on whether it makes sense to acquire or not. But having said all of that, I'll go back to where I was a minute ago, that I believe there will be acquisition opportunities going forward in the defense space -- if for nothing else, just as a result of the tightening of the defense market.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I don't think -- there have been numbers out there. They haven't come from us. But let's just say that the 650 production will be gauged by the purpose-built facility in which it's being constructed and our ability to put airplanes through there -- which, if you look at what we're doing now versus when we started, it was good when we started. It's really good now. It's only going to get better. So once we get the supply chain flow, the vendor flow, which is coming nicely, you're going to see very, very strong production levels at G650. But as I said earlier today, I'm not ready to give you numbers outside of what I've already committed to.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, Jason, the way I look at it is if you got 200 airplanes in the backlog, you want to get them to the customers as soon as you can do it. But when you're dealing with the premier brand and the premier aircraft that's going to be out there very shortly, you want to make sure it's done correctly and that the customer has complete satisfaction when the product is received. Therefore, you don't want to over-accelerate yourself -- as I say, "overdrive your headlights." We're not overdriving our headlights. The production is very, very measured and very solid, and we'll wick it up when it makes sense to do so. And when we hit steady-state production in the supply chain, everything's feathered in and flowing beautifully, then we'll wick up the production. But right now, the answer to your question is you'd get an airplane in 2017. That's how big that backlog is. And we'll be producing more every year as we go forward and -- until we hit a steady-state backlog. But we're very bullish on the 650 and so is our customer base, on a global scale.
