Phebe N. Novakovic: Thank you, Erin. I hope to be reasonably brief this morning. The press release and related charts are pretty straightforward and tell a rather compelling story. We reported revenues for the quarter of $7.4 billion, operating earnings of $824 million and overall operating margins of 11.4%. This resulted in diluted EPS of $1.62 compared to consensus of $1.50. Free cash flow was fairly strong across the business, particularly for a first quarter, at $429 million or approximately 75% of net income. This was considerably better than the cash performance in the first quarter of 2012 and considerably more than we had anticipated in our plan. Given the defense market environment, this quarter compares favorably with the first quarter last year. Revenue is down modestly 2.3%. Operating earnings are essentially flat. Margins are up 10 basis points. Net income is up $7 million, and diluted EPS is up $0.05 or 3.2%. On a sequential basis, there is significant improvement even if we look at the fourth quarter before nonrecurring charges. On a non-GAAP basis, without charges, the operating margins in the first quarter were 10.1% compared to 11.4% this quarter. Let me give you a little bit of detail on the results of our operating segments and, hopefully, provide you some color. First, Aerospace. Aerospace revenue was up $155 million, almost 10% against the year-ago quarter, and profit is up $39 million, 14.4% on a 70 basis point improvement in operating margin. I am pleased to report that jet aviation made a contribution in the quarter. In short, nice operating leverage. From a market perspective, we're seeing adequate interest in both new and existing product lines. The backlog and orders in the quarter make me comfortable with the revenue projections I gave for Aerospace for the year. We have some opportunity to outperform our guidance. So far, so good. At Combat Systems, revenue declined $358 million against the year-ago quarter, but operating earnings were up $12 million, almost 6% on 13.8% margin. However, it is well remembered that there was an accounting charge in the year-ago quarter for this segment. On a non-GAAP basis, ignoring charges, margins are flat. Sequentially, even after the fourth quarter non-GAAP adjustments, margins improved by 130 basis points. From my perspective, a very good operating performance despite reduced revenue and continued struggles in Europe. With respect to backlog, the significant international order activity we expected in the first quarter had flipped to the right. We are still actively negotiating these transactions and have confidence they will close. We expect Combat Systems revenue to improve steadily during the year quarter-over-quarter, but still fall short of the revenues guidance I gave you at the beginning of the year. On the other hand, operating margins will be better than my earlier guidance. Margins for the year should be in the range between 13.5% and 13.8%, but could be somewhat lumpy on a quarterly basis, depending on the timing of further restructuring charges in Europe. Marine group. The Marine group continues to perform effectively. Compared to the first quarter of last year, revenue was up $21 million, 1.3%, and earnings and margins are down, as expected, as a result of the conclusion of the highly profitable T-AKE Program last year. In all other respects, program earnings held steady or are up slightly. Operating margins are at a respectable 9.8%. This group is expected to be highly consistent during the remainder of the year with respect to both revenue and operating margin. At IS&T, revenue is up modestly, $7 million, but earnings are down against the first quarter last year on lower operating margins. This was as planned. The operating earnings at 7.6% represent a significant improvement over the fourth quarter last year on a non-GAAP basis, ignoring the charges. We are working diligently to pursue -- for improved margins and expects stronger margins in the second half of the year. Our order activity remains good with a book to bill of 1:1. Let me conclude my remarks by saying we had a strong quarter. We beat consensus and, frankly, beat our plan. We're off to a good start, and our internal focus on operations is gaining traction. I'll turn over the mic for a few minutes to Hugh Redd, and he can provide a bit more detail.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Joe, as you all know, our book to bill has been below 1:1. But I think this is important to understand, with respect to Gulfstream, that data can be misleading. It's the mix of orders that are important, and a significant, in fact, a preponderance of the order in this -- orders in this quarter were for the G550 and G450 where we need them. So we carefully watched that portion of the order book to determine production rates. We're solid for the year and have not made a judgment about next year's rate on these aircraft. To the extent the rate is down for next year on the 450, 550 and we have no reason to believe at the moment that it would be, but to the extent that it is, it will be overcome by increases in the 650 and 280. So in general, we are very comfortable with where we see our backlog and our new order activity.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I think that there is a enormous amount of specificity in the press about sequester and the machinations that are going on in Washington. So there isn't much specifics that I can add other than give you some clarity about our business. Getting the full year FY '13 funding bill was a major upside event for our planning. That said, the final sequester impacts by program have not been communicated to us by our customer. If I think about where, at least for 2013, we're likely to see some impact, it would be in Combat Systems' shorter-cycle programs. And that's why I think that revenue may be a touch softer than I had anticipated. But in general, we do not see sequester as a significant threat to '13. Most of our sales are in our backlog. Cash deployment. Thanks, Erin. I think about cash deployment in 3 basic buckets. Dividends -- and this is for this year, dividends, share repurchases and strengthening our balance sheet. In March, the board announced a 10% dividend increase, the 13th consecutive year of dividend increases that yielded a 3% yield. I think that was very wholesome. And with respect to dividends, what you need to expect from us is consistency, predictability and sustainability. I think that that's important. Share repurchases, you're going to see us, throughout the remainder of the year, act accordingly in shareholder-friendly ways with respect to share repurchases. And then given the charges in the fourth quarter, we need to strengthen our balance sheet a touch. I don't see any acquisitions on the time -- on my current time horizon, but that doesn't mean that there's something small and in our core that we wouldn't be interested in looking at it. But at the moment, I've got nothing, and that's fine. We continue to want to focus internally.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Our pricing is holding up nicely on both the 450 and the 550, and we have sufficient visibility into the year to be very comfortable with our production rates. And as we move into next year, we've got to assess where we are in terms of the 450, 550. But today, we're very comfortable. So we're slightly underneath that, the window of 18 to 24 months, but not materially and not to any extent that would make us concerned. As I mentioned earlier, it's really the mix, and we analyze that portion of the backlog in order to determine our production rate. So, so far, it's steady as she goes.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We have some improvement as we begin to move that in -- that airplane into the market more robustly. We've got a fair amount of demand there, and we like where we are. G280 is generating an awful lot of interest as we expected it would.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So Jet is a smaller business than when we acquired it, primarily because we failed to integrate Jet in a timely fashion. We have now solved all of the underlying performance issues, particularly -- and not on the MRO side, but particularly on the completion side. So the mix of business going forward, there is -- this is how I think about it. There's always a fair amount of volatility, particularly in Europe, with respect to maintenance, and you saw that we restructured that maintenance business to reflect the demand. And so far, the demand for service is holding up fairly well, given our expectations. So going forward, the issue for us is completion both of the corporate jets and then the large-body and narrow-body major completion projects that we're perfectly capable of executing. And now that we've got the Gulfstream discipline embedded and inculcated throughout Jet, we're likely to perform very well on. So I'm optimistic about where Jet sits. [Indiscernible]. Go ahead.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, we do. And I think you'll see completions becoming a larger part of the backlog going forward, and that has addition -- I like that because we've got additional margin and cash-generation opportunities. So as a mix, we're likely to move more into completions and with the steady undercurrent and undergirding of service, which I -- the service industry or the service business, which I think we have rightsized appropriately.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I think we've got to bring in the -- some additional revenue. And when we do that, we'll -- probably in the next year or 2, we ought to be able to see some real upside.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. So revenues for the quarter-over-quarter or the year, quarter -- first quarter '12 versus first quarter '13 were lower. But I have to tell you, that was well within our expectation. And with respect to both earnings and revenue, Combat Systems outperformed their plan. So our plan was built on a presumption of softer orders and sort of softer sales in the first quarter and then building through the year. I've -- I have factored in now the impact of sequestration into Combat estimates, and so we may see a touch lighter overall sales for the year, but not much. So I think we have stabilized with respect to our current order book. And the key for us is executing and delivering into our backlog some of the large international orders that we're continuing to work. Once we get those in, then it will be a little bit easier to give you some additional view and others some additional clarity around the long-term prospects. But Combat, we're not going to chase revenues, and I think I mentioned that to you all on the last call. And we will rightsize our business to the revenues that we have currently, hence, our good margin performance. What we'll promise you all is margin expansion and cash generation, and you got to meet market where the market is. That said, we haven't -- we have very, very nice and robust international orders that ought to bridge until the army begins to recapitalize.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. We're looking at about -- perhaps around an 8% versus 6% decline for the year, and I'm very comfortable with that estimate. I think we derisked with respect to sequestration. If you recall, it was not part of sequestration, and the impact of it was not part of our original guidance. But operating margins are expected to be higher, and so it's going to leave us pretty much on track with respect to our operating earnings. The -- we have a series of transactions, international transactions that we're continuing to work the Ts and Cs on. And while I'm a little reluctant to give any specificity on when we expect to have them closed, we see no reason that they won't close. And hopefully -- and most probably, it'll be in the second quarter.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We had fewer defaults in this quarter than we did in the first quarter of '12, which then reduced our liquidated damages for this quarter, which is a good thing in my mind. The 450 and 550 continue to be at around 1:1. So we're comfortable in the quarter with where we are with respect to that. And your final question was -- remind me? 650. We're not going to give you breakouts on our large cabin, of what constituted the large-cabin sales by line. I don't think that that's healthy or helpful, because we end up in a giant variance analysis. But I will tell you that the preponderance of orders in the quarter, about 80% of them were in the 450, 550 for large cabin. So I hope that helps you.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Outstanding. We were breaking even last quarter. And this quarter, we made considerable amount of money, so -- for Jet. So I'm very pleased with where they are [indiscernible] just to keep it going.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. First, for '13, I have given you my estimate of the impact from sequestration. While we haven't had a lot of specificity from our customer, what we've been able to see is we've got a touch softness in Combat. We -- but if you step back, both with respect to IS&T and almost the entirety of our platform businesses, the sales are in backlog. So '13 is looking solid, and I don't see much of a risk to that at all. With respect to '14, the President's Budget Request was good for us in several respects. All of our shipbuilding programs were well supported. And the support for Stryker, the double-V hull exchange over the next 5 or over the 5-year plan, was especially encouraging. Also, the army's communication network modernization appears to be budgeted at a higher level than it has in the past. So while there is no way to estimate the extent of sequestration or additional budget cuts, since who knows how that's all going to play out, but as we stand now, we like what we saw in the President's Request. And I'll tell you something. When I think back -- putting my old budgeteer hat on, there are 2 kinds of programs that tend to be impacted in a down environment, a revenue-constrained environment. Those are troubled programs and developmental programs. And in -- with respect to both, we are in very good shape. Our programs are all green, very, very good solid performance, and that's frankly the best antidote to the budgeteer's scalpel. And in addition, new starts, we are comfortable where we are in the programs that are moving from development into production. And so I've got to tell you, I think we're pretty well positioned. As I said, performance sells.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. Let me walk you through some of that. The 450 and 550 are mature programs that we're continuing to reap the benefits of process improvements. So our margins will continue -- they have increased and they'll continue to increase. With respect to the 650, we're moving down the learning curve in the green manufacturing process, which is exactly what we anticipated. And the uncertainty where we don't have great clarity yet is what is the running rate on margins and completions. But with respect to 450, 550, margins were better. And the 650, on the green deliveries, we're coming down that learning curve, very, very nicely. And then we'll stabilize going forward as we work that retrofit imbalance through the completions process.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We will build through the course of the year, yes. But I'm not -- I don't want to get you guys there until we've really worked through this retrofit, because there's still risk out there. We're confident that we'd work through the majority of it. No surprises. But until we rebalance green with completions, we're just not ready to give you a higher -- or change our guidance. We'll take a look at doing that at end of the second quarter.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. Because as I pointed out, the softness was in -- is in revenue, but our margins will expand in Combat. And so our earnings will be -- operating earnings are going to be right on mark.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. And in fact, our services business is running better than 1:1 book to bill, and I like how they're positioned. Let me give you a little bit more color with respect to services. With -- for the most part, we find competition's very, very wholesome. But there's a phenomenon that's occurring in the service business that can be fairly troubling to the overall customer satisfaction, and that is competition for price. We were not going to be -- participate in a race to the bottom. In those instances where we don't believe there is sufficient price permitted in a particular bid or contract, we're going to walk away. We've done that on occasion, but continuing to provide our customer with very good services and products. And it's awful hard to do in an abnormally-constrained price environment. So in those instances where we can't live up to our promises, we're going to walk away. And I think that's appropriate and healthy.
Phebe N. Novakovic: It's going to be in the shorter-cycle products, some that fluctuate with the demand for the war. Those tend to be more at risk if the supply is in excess of the demand. But as I say, it's not material and does not affect our overall performance and operating earnings.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So with respect to Combat, we are, as I mentioned in the first quarter, above our revenue plan and our earnings. And what we had anticipated performing to throughout the course of the year was a building quarter-over-quarter of revenue. You may see some lumpiness in margins as we take the rest of our restructuring charges in Europe, but we'll see a nice solid build quarter-over-quarter. With respect to where we find ourselves in the cash and the balance sheet and the risk in the environment, as I said, we had anticipated a very light order for cash. It came in much stronger but toward the end of the quarter. Once we were comfortable that the cash was being generated, as we were anticipating toward the end of the quarter, then we ventured back into the market but fairly late in the quarter. So going forward, I think you can expect us to participate in share repurchases in a shareholder-friendly manner.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, as you know, we, several years ago, instituted a fairly disciplined R&D program to refresh and replace our platforms, our airplanes as we move forward. We'll continue -- we are continuing that. And we will make announcements about any potential new planes when we're ready, when we know that with great certainty that we can give you clarity around what it is and, more importantly, when it'll be available. And that's -- and we're not there yet and I'm not going to speculate. I don't think that does anybody any good.
Phebe N. Novakovic: No. I'll tell you, the 280 is generating an awful lot of customer interest. It is a great airplane that fills that niche. And frankly, we're -- got very, very robust sales pipeline, and we like what we see. So I anticipate 280 is to grow throughout the year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Both at the corporate headquarters and throughout our businesses, each one of our businesses, we have an obligation to -- through a continuous improvement and some restructuring internally to drive costs out, and we've done that at the corporate headquarters and fairly significantly. Many of our business units are already in the process of undertaking efficiencies in their back-office functions, as well as in their production line. But overhead -- going after overhead is critical to margin expansion in a down environment. So you can believe -- you can better believe that we're going to be very, very focused on taking costs out. And we've done it, and we'll continue to do it.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I think it's both. It clearly helps margins. But the extent to which you can bring down your prices, you're increasingly competitive. And we have done that across every one of our portfolios, across all of our portfolios in almost all of our lines of business. So I see cost cutting and continuous improvement efficiencies as central to our ability to win more business and increase our margins and, frankly, provide a superior product to our customer.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We reduce headcount in response to the business environment that we're faced with. So I certainly won't preannounce any restructuring, but you can rest assured that we will tackle our -- all aspects of costs as we go forward.
