Phebe Novakovic: So let me talk a little bit about revenue and give you some insight into how we think about revenue and how we develop it with respect to Aerospace. We take revenue directly from the operating plan, and revenue in Aerospace is driven by a multitude of factors, as you would imagine, given the complexity of the business. Airplane green and completed deliveries, service volume and mix, which by the way can and do move across reporting periods. Pre-owned Jet Aviation Services and completion. So some of these are harder to predict because they have more estimating methodology embedded. For example, I think it's a pretty good one. Our plan has us selling between 10 to 14 pre-owned airplanes with revenue of $250 million at break-even margins. It's very difficult to forecast this. This quarter had one sale for $4 million, a good thing, but below our revenue estimate. On the other hand, the easiest factor to predict is airplane greens and completion deliveries because of the backlog of the 650. We have some other models to sell for delivery in Q4 but do not see that as a problem. As I told you, we're striving to keep our earnings flat for the year, and that's what we think is feasible.
Phebe Novakovic: We're sticking with, you know, we're going to have slightly higher margins, as I said, because we're going to keep our earnings flat, and we're going to have slightly less revenue. So I think the margin you're going to see, as I noted some improvement, from what I guided you to which was about 19%.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. Be happy to. So what I want to do is give you some facts instead of speculation. Think about it as firsthand intelligence, not second and third hand conjecture. So let me parse this in some specificity. First, sales activity, as I noted, in the quarter is similar to the quarter of last year. Our first quarter earnings were in line with all of our other prior years. In other words, we typically come off a strong fourth quarter, and orders this quarter were as anticipated, seasonably light. The pipeline, however, remains nicely active. I would note that the U.S. stock market fluctuations in that first quarter seemed to slow down some purchasing decisions, but our pipeline remains active. Today, we have the same competitive pressures that we've been dealing with for the last year, including overproduction of large cabin planes by others. So think about it this way. No change on that front. Demand for the 550 and 450 is in line with our expectations, and we continue to see interest in those planes, particularly the 550. The 650 is sold out for the year, and the first available ELS is about 24 months out. Remember, I think it's important to recall, but the 650 has 100% market share for a market it created, and from my perspective would appear to, I think it's safe to assume, or what I see, is that it's likely to remain in that position for the foreseeable future. It's still a hot plane and our demand is solid. The number of pre-owned 650's apparently on the market is higher than in the past, but to the best of our knowledge, we have not lost a single sale to pre-owned aircraft. So I've tried to parse for you sort of how we see it from the battlefield. And give you the facts by - by the, you know, the large cabin airplanes that we sell.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, orders in the first quarter were 50% U.S., 30% Mid-Eastern Europe and 21% Asia Pacific, that goes everywhere from, and our region there is from Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, into China. Frankly, not a whole lot of quarterly variance on the - where the orders are emanating from. Pricing, we have, as we noted, adjusted our prices for the 450, 550 commensurate with where they are in their life cycle. We have not, and do not, intend to adjust for 650 prices.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. Both airplanes, the G500 and the G600 are moving nicely through their test program. There have been no negative surprises. And as I think you alluded to, you read that we recently joined the wing to the fuselage and on the G600 we expect to fly later this year or early 2017. From the sales perspective, the customer interest in both airplanes has been good and, you know, and as we progress through the development program, we expect the demand to increase. Bye the way, to - for those of you who like to speculate about Gulfstream future models. I wanted to assure you that there is no 600ER. We'll be able to publish a definitive range for that plane once we're in test flight, and we have a reputation for exceeding our target, but the G600 is the G600.
Phebe Novakovic: So, you know, profitability and you're focus on cost is a quarter-by-quarter battle. At Gulfstream, we had a couple of things. Favorable mix, improved labor efficiency, very nice high margins at service at Gulfstream, both from the mix of service in the barn and performance. We also had substantial improvement in G&A expense, even though R&D went up slightly. You know, we're benefiting from all of the cost cutting we've been doing. We've been improving our processes, reducing waste and we're also getting some benefit from lower material costs. So the cost initiatives began in 2015 to reduce overhead and indirect throughout the enterprise are paying off.
Phebe Novakovic: Yeah, so the slips in delivery. We, every year, every quarter, working with our customers, can determine whether it's more convenient or preferable to take one, two, three airplanes in a given quarter, in a given year. It's not unusual for us to move airplanes across reporting periods or across years even. So we typically haven't talked about it before, but I wanted to give you guys a little bit more understanding of a revenue number.
Phebe Novakovic: So let me talk to you with that. We have, over the last three years, been increasing our revenue and our performance on Ohio, all in the engineering and design portfolio side of our business. Those margins are all in the cost plus work tend to be less than mature in production construction on submarines, right? So you've seen that that quarter-over-quarter for the last several years, and that along with the two per year for Virginia has driven some of the growth. That will - from my perspective, the engineering and design work will be stable going forward, until it begins to transition down in the latter part of this decade. The - while we don't have specific time lines for when we're going to build the first ship, I think it's in the 2020, 2021 timeframe, but we're going to see some early, likely to see a taskless prologue. Some early material purchases so that we can, you know, we can lock in some favorable rates. So that program will program will really begin to ramp up really in the 2020's and go on for some time. The margin profile way out then is going to be driven in the first instance by how the contract is structured, and I don't know. We don't know yet, and I think the Navy, we're still working with the Navy on how they want to do that. Typically, in complex naval ship building programs, the first ship is cost plus, but that's the Navy's decision and we'll have a lot more clarity about the margin performance. But, again, it's past is prologue, Electric Boat has shown the proclivity and the ability to increase their profitability by reducing their cost and improving their manufacturing efficiency hull over hull. So this is a very important program for General Dynamics. Increasingly now, but very much in the future.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, we've already submitted our bids and, you know, I'll get myself in a really sticky wicket if I spoke to the Navy about relative competency. But we know how to build the TAOX, no surprise, and we've bid appropriately on that entire solicitation. So I think that's about all that I'm permitted to say. Sorry about that.
Phebe Novakovic: I'm not going to give you the 2017 guidance. What I told you is, we're going to do 2016 at flat EBIT and that looks very, very possible from our perspective. I think we're moving one large cabin airplane from this year to next and a couple of mid cabins.
Phebe Novakovic: Oh, it's all timing, and it is the druthers of the customers on what they want in terms of outfitting them on their airplanes and any special configurations. There's nothing there that's particularly anomalous, simply timing.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. So as it was reported in the press, we were down selected along with two others for what is essentially a 12.7 billion, five-year hunting license, and it- the way we're thinking about it in the moment is we deliver the next generation radio hardware in this quarter for evaluation and then full wave production follows that, conceivable this quarter and next. One thing that I think is interesting to note, is we've got the only radio that's a proven MUOS capable terminal. So that ought to, from another perspective, be a by the competitive advantage. You know, it's, with these IDIQ programs, you've got to sort of handicap what you see as your win rate. We typically have been very successful in our win rates, but again, it will be highly competitive and we're just going to have to work our way through it. This is a mission systems, where this resides is a high-operating leverage business, so I would expect them to perform nicely on those IDIQ contracts that they win. WIN-T is, you know, WIN-T has slipped more than a skater on the ice. We're in increment two; it's in full rate production. It's going to be fielded to the next, I think, to an active brigade combat team and National Guard units over the next eight, nine years. And it is already in the field and successfully supporting down range missions. So from a financial perspective, it's performing very nicely. It's sort of up to our customer on what the pace of deployments will be, but heretofore we've managed, because of our intimacy with the customer, we've managed to accommodate their desires nicely, and I would expect that to continue.
Phebe Novakovic: So let's talk about this in two parts. Our Mission system is still benefiting from the cost synergies we achieved by combining two of our businesses. They're also - and by the way, that's why I was interested in that combination. But the business unit guys were saying and oh, by the way, in addition to cost savings, we're going to see some marketing synergies. And I said, yeah, good, great. Well, it turns out they were right. So they have won more than their fair share, and that's reflected in no small measure in that $1.3 book-to-bill. And their performance, operating performance is really terrific. Now, this margin rate in the moment is a bit high going-forward. And while I'm not ready to update guidance, this group should be a double-digit earner in the near future. We've got additional opportunities for margin improvement in efficiencies and performance, and it - the margin performance in this group on the Mission Systems side is heavily driven by the product mix. On the IT side, again, this is a very competitive business, with terrific cash flow, and as I always like to tell everybody, great return on invested capital. They are very disciplined when they go into the market, and they win their fair share. And I say disciplined, we're careful that he we don't, you know, pursue contracts down rat holes where we don't think we can get a decent return.
Phebe Novakovic: So, you know, it is very difficult to project win rates in such a short cycle business. I've been pleased with how they've done. They can - they've got more performance opportunity, cost cutting opportunity, as they would quarter in, quarter out, and so, you know, a combination of performance and cost efficiency, dedication to schedule adherence to schedule, schedule is not a guideline, right? Those are the things that make you win, and these businesses are firing on all cylinders, so I'm pretty place pleased.
Phebe Novakovic: So as you and I have talked about on this call before, the world remains a dangerous place, and that Russian fair is roaring. So we've got considerable interests in interest in places that you might think. Just to give you a little bit of color on some of the contracts that we have just put into backlog, the Swiss Army is purchasing 4.4 combat vehicles, and that went in I think this quarter for about $400 million, U.S. dollars. So that was good. The Czech Republic is on the map, as is the Spanish 8 by 8 technology program, and our land systems is in good position on that - on that program. And then we continue to see demand signals coming out of the Mid East. Iraqi tanks, Kuwait and in other parts of the Mid East where there's some really hot wars going on. So you know the pipeline looks good internationally. And if you look at the Army budget, they're beginning to recapitalize, so that's pretty wholesome in and of itself. So, again, as in the IS&T case, our ability to perform with contract, keep our costs down will be the key to, again, winning more of our fair share. And oh, by the way, our armaments business is doing quite nicely as well.
Phebe Novakovic: So let me give you some clarity on this program. Operationally, the ship is performing quite nicely; it's been out on two sea trials and we like what we see and, more importantly, our customer seems to. But let me remind everybody of a couple of things. First, we are not the integrator of prime on this ship, the Navy is. So I really don't have any insight into the program beyond our shipyard. I think that's the first thing to consider. The second thing is our share of the $22.4 billion program is less than about a quarter. So, again, that gives you some perspective. The Navy reported some cost growth to the Congress over the last 12 months and I don't have visibility into that number. I do know, what I do know, is that that VAS has experienced some cost growth primarily on the first of cost ship, which is the cost plus help. But that's not a surprise given the complexity of this ship. And we continue to work close closely with the Navy to ensure that, you know, we're delivering the ships that they want and that they need operationally and that, you know, we minimize or reduce risk, manage the risk from the second two ships. The 51 programs are running in tandem with 1000 and we've seen some impacts, as we started up a co-line, the 51s. And by the way, this flight of 51s is materially different and upgraded than the former flight. So we're confident that we can work through these, and we know these ships. So, again, we're working with the Navy on scheduling costs so that we can ensure we get them what they need with profitability that we require.
Phebe Novakovic: Yeah. I mean, we believe that the stock was undervalued, so we went in and bought and we'll continue to do that in instances where we think the market has mispriced our stock. That's our view, and we've been consistent about that strategy. So I think that's not a particularly big change.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, because we're opportunistic, you know, I'm going to have to see, you know, we understand in the absence of M&A, it's, and given the investments that is we're making in our gross businesses, I think it's a reasonable, shareholder friendly action to take, and, frankly, you know, never forget, it's all about the shareholders.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, let me be clear. We're not going to drop the 650 price, or the 450, 550, based on the use. We don't compete that way. But let's talk about that used market. And it's not a homogeneous market. It's highly differentiated by model types. So let's think about it in two respects. You've got the 450, 550 used market that is mature, it's established, it has demonstrated factors that influence its behavior, and we have watched it now for well over a decade. The 650 is an immature developing market. So let me parse, if it would help a little bit, let me walk through both of those markets. So with respect to the 450, 550, we did lose some G550's to the used inventory because there were a lot of them, the late models, that were available, and there still are to some degree. But this is an active market, it's a very active market, and so it has pretty good throughput. I think in the last 12 months we sold - the market sold 29 used G550's. So this is a market with predictable and understandable transition rates and activity rates. And conversions. I hear less about the 450's used market, but I think the 450 is attractively priced. The bigger problem for those models, frankly, is that some customers are waiting for the G500 and G600. Now, the same has not been true to this point for the G650. I'm not aware of losing a single G650 new airplane ordered to a used airplane. I would also comment that, as I noted before, this pre-owned market is developing, it's a developing market. For example, it's not clear how many dedicated sellers we have. Some folks have been there in there for three years and not lowered the price. And there's not been a transaction there for some time. The early 650's, the early models, N numbers that were available to sellers or are available, are attractive at favorable prices, above the original sale price. Those were earlier on, but, you know, we've got to see how that market develops. By the way, we're very happy to help buyers in the used markets get into our airplanes. But one of these days, the market will be determined. But so far, it's just too speculative to observe outcomes.
