Jason Aiken: Thanks Bill. As far as year-end guidance is concerned, we’re holding at $12.65 for the year. There will be a number of puts and takes from what we published last quarter, but it should all come about the same place. Nicole, that will conclude our remarks, so I’ll turn the call back to you.
Jason Aiken: Yes, thanks Peter. As it relates to certification, I think what we’ve said for some time now is that if we can achieve certification in the, call it early to mid December time frame, then we’ve got a good shot at getting the planned deliveries of G700s out the door this year. Obviously if that pushes further to the right, that puts that a little bit at risk. To your point about 2024, it’s probably not appropriate to get into specifics about next year until we go through our plan period, which we’ll engage in coming up here in the next month or two, but I think the way to think about this is a lot of what we’ve been talking about this year between the supply chain challenges, as well as the G700 cert timing, is really timing issues, and to your point, to the extent some of the deliveries that we anticipated this year don’t happen, that really just pushes into next year, so that naturally is an adder to the outlook for 2024.  But what we can’t do yet is declare victory on the supply chain issues and say that by early next year, they’re going to be completely solved, so a lot remains to be seen as to the timing of how that ultimately works itself out. I think it’s that that will determine the net impact to 2024, so I think a little bit more time is going to be needed to see between what pushes out of 2023 into 2024 and the timing of the supply chain fix, what the net impact is to that ’24 outlook. I think we’ll have a better sense of that when we come back to you with guidance in January.
Jason Aiken: Yes, so I think as it relates to marine systems, David, nothing has really fundamentally changed from the narrative that we’ve talked about for some time, which is to expect roughly $400 million to $500 million on average per year, year-over-year growth in that business. Obviously this year has turned out to be quite a bit different than we originally anticipated, and that’s largely attributable to the increased throughput that we’ve seen at Electric Boat in particular as the hiring and retention dynamics have really improved faster than we thought, so that’s really driven a lot of the revenue acceleration into this year. That backlog is so large and so long term, I don’t really see that having a direct effect on next year or any given year, but obviously again we’ll have to go through the specific planning period that we’re about to engage in before we get too specific about next year, so we’ll be back with more on that, but not a direct correlation in my mind from that marine systems increase in throughput. On combat systems, to your point, we had been expecting sort of flat to down-ish revenue before the threat environment really took a turn in the opposite direction, and as you’ve seen through the first part of the year, up 15% so far year-to-date, almost 25% in the quarter - that certainly was well beyond what our original expectations were, and frankly we don’t see that demand signal slowing down. When you think about the munitions side of the business as well as the international demand we’re seeing, along with the new program starts in the U.S., I don’t necessarily see that as being a pull forward or something that creates a headwind into 2024. Again, not being specific about that outlook because we’ll get into the planning period and get back to you in January.
Jason Aiken: Really, nothing other than what we’ve told you before. We’ve actually been pretty consistent on this throughout the drama on this issue over the years. We didn’t originally anticipate the law to be changed, so our guidance was predicated on the law as it is. It turned out not to be changed, and our expectation of what that would mean for us, ultimately you can call it lucky or good, we expected the net impact from a cash perspective to be right on course with what we’re seeing right now.
Jason Aiken: Yes, so far as the G700 is concerned, 19 is the number that we have targeted and are still striving to get to. Again, as you note, that is predicated on timing of cert. What I can tell you in terms of a little bit of color behind that is we’ve got 15 of those 19 that are ready to go and are in good shape, and we’re working toward the others, so again predicated on when the cert comes, we should be in good shape to be somewhere in that range for deliveries this year. As it relates to the 280s, what I would tell you is the modest down-tick that we--that I talked about earlier this morning in terms of our overall 2024--excuse me, 2023 deliveries, that five or six aircraft reduction from our previous guidance in July, that is largely related to G280s. I would tell you that what we planned to deliver this year, we now have in hand at our Dallas facility for completion, so there’s really not any incremental risk to 2023. We will have to see, obviously, how the events in Israel play out and what impact that may have in 2024, but a little premature to get into that at this point.
Jason Aiken: Rob, I’m going to guess you’re talking about supply chain in aerospace, and if so, I would tell you that actually we’re seeing modest signs throughout the quarter that things are actually getting better. It’s not, as you’d imagine, a straight line to the finish line on this issue, so there will be some bumps in the road and some curves along the way, but things are starting to trend better. What we saw here was a specific issue in terms of, as I mentioned, G280s in terms of the reduced in-service aircraft production, but on the large cabin aircraft, we are starting to see things trend in the right direction, so I think it’s a little bit maybe in the other direction of what your intuition is pointing you to.
Jason Aiken: Oh, labor at marine - okay. On the mission systems side, I feel very good about what they’ve done. The supply chain, to be completely candid with you, remains, and I think we expect it to remain what I’d call fragile. I don’t think that that’s going to get back to what we saw pre-pandemic for the foreseeable future, but the fact is the team at mission systems has fully incorporated that new reality into their outlook, and so I expect their future to be a lot more stable and predictable as they’ve incorporated the new normal, if you will, on supply chain on the electronic side for them. In terms of the labor side on marine systems, as I mentioned earlier, I think we’ve seen stabilization in both attraction and retention of labor in the shipyards at a faster rate than we anticipated, so that’s an encouraging sign. That drives the throughput in the yard, and over time as those new shipbuilders become more tenured, more experienced, more proficient, we would expect at that point, that’s one of the factors that will really drive over time the margin improvement in the shipyard, so it’s an encouraging start for them. We’ve just got to see that play out, because as you know, shipbuilding is a long term venture.
Jason Aiken: I’d say you nailed most of the high level items there for next year, and again the G700 is a bit piece of it. Obviously we’ve talked about how that will come into service with favorable entry level margins, accretive entry level margins for the group, so that’s a big driver. I think the other major one, and you alluded to it, really is the resolution and straightening out of the supply chain issues. One of the things Gulfstream has really worked towards here and planned towards, I think very effectively and we’ll see it over time, is driving the efficiency of the operation with this new family of aircraft. Between the facilities that have been built, the commonality between the airplanes, the ability to service those airplanes efficiently, that is really what we are driving towards and one of the major underpinnings behind the long term trajectory back to the mid to high teens margins for that group. Obviously timing of when those things get straightened out in the supply chain will be important, because that’s really what’s sort of inhibiting us getting to that point of efficiency.  We will see a little bit of modest down-tick in R&D - I wouldn’t call that a major factor, but you should expect to see that tick down a little as we finish up the 700 this year and get through the 800 next year, but again, have 800 and 400 to go, so we’re not out of things yet from an R&D standpoint there. Those are the major puts and takes, I’d say. All in all, we would expect to see revenue--or excuse me, margin continuing on its trajectory again toward that mid to high teens rate. We’ll see improvement here in the fourth quarter, and I expect to see good improvement in 2024.
Jason Aiken: Yes, the major internal capex projects are done this year. We’ve got a little bit of trailing cost and activity going on in the shipyards as we finish out that capacity expansion, particularly at Electric Boat, but that will wrap up next year. The investments we’re making on the Army side from an artillery perspective, that’s being funded by the customer, and so bottom line, we ought to see our capex level trend back towards 2%. We’ll be below 2.5% this year, which is directionally headed the right way, and we’ll be back toward--if not at 2%, headed toward 2% next year.
Jason Aiken: Bottom line, Kristine, I think the short answer is no. Obviously any additional support that can be provided in terms of that supplemental or other funding to shore up the industrial base is helpful. There’s a lot of talk around AUKUS and obviously we’re going to do everything we can to support our customer in that regard, but the fact is this supply chain still remains very fragile.  We’ve got a lot of work to do to get this whole industry back to--from a submarine perspective, back to two per year. We’ve got to get to that point on Virginia while delivering Columbias, and I think we’ve got some more work to do to get there, and so any additional funding and support, whether it’s through the supplemental or other Navy support, would be extremely helpful, but that’s our focus today, is to get to that two per year plus Columbia, and then we’ll look to AUKUS beyond that.
Jason Aiken: I think the main way this has been reflected in our contracting with the customer is to recognize the impacts that we’ve had and to price that in, and accommodate what is this current state of affairs in our contracting. One example of that is the DDG multi-year that we just saw awarded in the quarter - we feel like that’s been appropriately considered there, and we’ll continue to consider the state that the industry is in as we go forward. I wouldn’t point to necessarily any other macro or overarching contract structures or other terms that have changed. In terms of margins, we expect them to get better, frankly. My expectation is that this quarter would be the trough for the group. We expect to see improvement in the fourth quarter and we expect to see modest sequential incremental improvement over time in this group. That said, this is a challenging task. Shipbuilding is a challenging endeavor and so it’s not going to be straightforward, but our expectation, to be completely straightforward, is to have gradual increasing margins in this group over time as we march back toward that 8% to 9%-plus margin range.
Jason Aiken: In the quarter, Seth, nothing material in terms of EACs in the quarter. What you’re seeing there, obviously we are still experiencing pressure from delayed material coming out of the supply chain that’s affecting Electric Boat’s schedule and delivery and man hour in the yard. But the other implication that you’re seeing is having reduced the margin rates through the earlier EAC adjustments, we’re now seeing the aggregate impact of that in the booking rates that we are recognizing on the programs today, so it’s sort of the aggregate confluence of all those factors are driving the margin rate that you see in the quarter. But again, as we start to continue to improve the throughput and improve the efficiency in the yards, we do expect to see incremental improvement in the margin, starting in the fourth quarter. In terms of supply chain changes, I don’t know that it’s anything changing. I think it’s as we go to contract, we have 2020 hindsight, or full visibility if you will, into the current state of affairs, and so we’re working through that with our customer and they understand the situation we’re in, so we’re basically incorporating the current state of the supply chain, as well as the implications of increasing cost of skilled labor as you’ve seen with a lot of the labor negotiations going on out in the market. It’s those types of factors that are being incorporated, that we’re putting into the new contracts and that we feel like will put us in a good position to perform from a margin perspective as we look ahead.
Jason Aiken: Yes, so the EPS reaffirmed at $12.65 is based on the updated Gulfstream delivery number that I mentioned earlier. As I said, that’s mostly--the reduced number from the July outlook is mostly associated with G280s, so not as significant an earnings impact to that. As you can imagine, some puts and takes, none of which are particularly material, across the rest of the portfolio, including some upward pressure across the defense businesses from a revenue perspective, as you might imagine, improved, customer service revenue at the aerospace group and so on, some below-the-line things like lower interest expense and share count, net-net kind of putting us in the same place, so that’s sort of why the guidance stays where it is. In terms of the 700 outlook, I think the key issue is, and the question so many people around why the uncertainty, is we don’t have a date certain. This is the FAA’s process. We need to let them go through that process. We are supporting them in that process. They’re going through flying now and we’re doing the necessary paperwork and reporting to support that, and so we have a path, we have an expectation to get there in early to mid-December, but there’s not a red line or a date certain on the calendar that we’re looking at, at this point.
Jason Aiken: No, you point out the landscape appropriately, Doug. I think the way I think about that is prior to COVID, if you look at the couple quarters leading up to 2020, we were--as a team, we were right on the threshold of getting to two per year on the Virginia-class program, so it is imminently doable in terms of the industrial base and the team that’s working that program. Obviously COVID set us on our heels, as well as the generational changeover in shipbuilders in terms of retirements and new hires. I think the way to think about that now is there’s a number of factors that are going to help us get back to that point. One is, again, the maturing and tenuring of that new workforce to get the efficiency in the workforce, to get us back to where we were. The investments that the Navy is making in the industrial base, which are extremely helpful to stabilize that, and then other initiatives like what we call strategic sourcing, where we’re trying to take bottlenecks out of the shipyards and move subsystem construction and capacity into other facilities and other yards around the country, so that we can take some of the pressure off of the two main production and assembly yards. Those are the types of things that are going to drive us back toward two per year. I’d be remiss to try and give you a timeline on when it’s going to be to get there - this is long term, challenging stuff, but I think with us and our partner and the Navy all working in the same direction and in a very strong partnership, I feel optimistic about our path to get there.
Jason Aiken: Yes, Columbia, as you know, is the Navy’s and the DoD’s number one priority, so that’s going to continue to be the case. I don’t see that being a trade-off necessarily to get to two per year for Virginia. Right now, we’re a little over 40% complete on the first boat, and we’re right on schedule for the targeted completion of that first boat. We’ve still got obviously about four years to go before delivery, so a lot of the way to go and a lot can happen between now and then, but all the resources that can be brought to bear are on that priority. I think the way to think about it is because of its priority position, it is essentially a headwind to those other factors that I gave you about what we’re trying to do on Virginia class, and we’ve got to be able to manage both of those within the yard and within the team arrangement and with our customer, but those are some of the puts and takes. Columbia will be the priority, and it’s our job to make Virginia happen notwithstanding that priority.
Jason Aiken: I think the way to think about the fourth quarter, Cai, is as I alluded to earlier, there is obviously some upward pressure on the revenue on the defense side, nothing to get too specific about and I don’t know that it’s particularly material with just a couple months to go here in the year.  But one way to think about this is this year, let’s talk group by group, in technologies you may remember, last year we had a significant surge in the fourth quarter because we had had a big back-up on the supply chain side at mission systems through the third quarter, and a lot of that flowed through in the fourth quarter, so really a big hockey stick or upswing in the fourth quarter. That’s not the pattern this year. As I mentioned before, they’ve been on a more regular order and a more regular drumbeat, and so we’ll see a more steady state revenue pattern for technologies in the fourth quarter. In combat, likewise it’s historically for some time now been the traditional seasonal pattern for combat to rise throughout the year and have its biggest quarter in the fourth quarter, and we saw that again last year. In this case in 2023, it’s a much more steady drumbeat - again, steady demand, strong volume, but not the traditional seasonal fourth quarter uptick in combat.  In marine, again we’ve already seen tremendous volume well in excess of our expectations. We’re up a billion dollars almost through the first nine months, which is roughly what we expected for the year, so again I’d say more stable quarter to quarter. To summarize, we’re seeing more stable volumes across all three of the defense segments from first quarter to fourth quarter, whereas in the past they’ve risen from first to fourth, so a little bit of an aberration in the pattern. I do expect--again, not to get ahead of the planning process we’re going through, but I expect each of the businesses to show growth going into next year. Can’t get too much more specific about that at this point, but you should see growth in the defense business across all three of the segments going into 2024.
Jason Aiken: You know, the Israel situation obviously is a terrible one, frankly, and one that’s just evolving as we speak. But I think if you look at the incremental demand potential coming out of that, the biggest one to highlight and that really sticks out is probably on the artillery side. Obviously that’s been a big pressure point up to now with Ukraine, one that we’ve been doing everything we can to support our Army customer. We’ve gone from 14,000 rounds per month to 20,000 very quickly. We’re working ahead of schedule to accelerate that production capacity up to 85,000, even as high as 100,000 rounds per month, and I think the Israel situation is only going to put upward pressure on that demand, so that’s the biggest stick-out that I can see.
Jason Aiken: You know, I have to give a hand to the guys in the combat systems group in general, and land systems specifically. You’ve really not heard us talk about supply chain bottlenecks, labor capacity or other issues in that group, and that does not mean they have not faced them, they are just--they stand out amongst even a spectacular crowd in the way they’ve handled it. I don’t have any expectation that we’ll see any issues as we look ahead, even as the demand for their product, both domestically as well as internationally, continues to grow.
Jason Aiken: On the margin side, just to be clear, as I think about double-digit margin for the group, not specifically GDIT - it’s the mix of the two of them together, I absolutely expect this group to be on the march back to low double-digit margin. It’s where they’ve been historically. I think if anything I could articulate as a headwind to that, it’s to the extent that the GDIT side grows faster than the mission systems side, that obviously creates a bit of a macro mix issue that could be a little bit of a headwind in terms of how long it takes us to get there. But frankly, I expect to see us get back into the double-digit margin range here in the fourth quarter, and we’ll see how quickly we can get there in the outlook as we look at ’24 and beyond, but I do expect them to get back on the trajectory toward low double-digit margin. In terms of integration, the way we see this is while they’re very symbiotic businesses and they are dealing with a market that’s dealing with a convergence, to your point in terms of their capabilities, we think that having them separate is appropriate because the investment thesis and the way you run an inherently people business versus an inherently technology development, hardware and production business, are fundamentally different and take different leadership, different priorities and sort of different investment theses.  The good news is that by having them together in the same group and in a coordinated way, we are making investments and addressing the evolving technologies jointly as a group, and we are making sure we are being efficient at that and effective at that, not duplicative, not missing anything, and bringing the requisite skills, to your point, from end to end, whether it’s the hardware side, the services, the software capabilities, solutions as a service, software services and so on, together in joint capability. I think we get the best of both worlds that way in terms of the way we manage and run the businesses, but also the way we can bring combined capabilities to the customer set.
