Phebe Novakovic: There has been an awful lot of discussion about reported weakness in that large-cabin market, but not from us. And it’s not automatic that the factors that are impacting others are impacting us. We really don’t think about share. The way we conduct our businesses is that we look at our order which was robust and our pipeline, which remained strong. So I am not in a position to comment what others are seeing, but we are continuing to see interest across all of our product lines.
Phebe Novakovic: So Ohio engineering and Virginia construction are really the two main drivers of increased revenue, which is not what you asked but it gives us a certain context. And let me give you some color. We are in the middle of the Ohio replacement design development program and it’s progressing on schedule. We are the prime and we are working on all of the ship arrangement systems, components, development, missile system compartment in order to support the start of the lead ship, which is in 2021. So we are doing very, very well by all indicators in our engineering design efforts.
Phebe Novakovic: So I see M&A today the way I have been seeing it. There is nothing that we are looking at now. Our capital deployment strategy is consistent with what we have been talking to you about. In the absence of accretive and good acquisition candidates in our space, we are going to continue to return cash in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we are not going to dissect for you the demand by product and by airplane, but let’s just – suffice it to say that we had good demand across our entire portfolio and that means our entire portfolio. And when we look at the pipeline, the interest that we see in the pipeline likewise translates to demand signal across our portfolio.
Phebe Novakovic: Look, we reduced I think between $250 million and $300 million. And there are an awful lot of moving parts in this business that as we get halfway through the year, we get some additional clarity. It’s really nothing more than across the whole line of our products and services, which is – this is really some moving around among quarters, between fiscal years. But the business is still growing. I don’t particularly see the reduction of the increase in estimates from 8% to 6% particularly its positive for any market factors. It’s simply the management of the business.
Phebe Novakovic: No, it’s just as we look – we have got a whole series of moving parts in that business, including building additional airplanes for the test program, mix in our service business and then the mix in any one particular quarter over the fiscal years of deliveries in large cabin and medium cabin. So, we are likely to see some medium cabin, about three or four of them moving to next year, but that’s largely a question of preference on the part of the customers. So, there is nothing material here. It’s simply an update as we get halfway through the year to give you just some more clarity of what we see.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So, it’s a couple of things that are driving – couple of programs that are driving our revenue. One is increased Virginia class construction. Ohio engineering revenue has increased quite a bit over last year, both of those. And then the commercial ship construction at NASSCO is increasing as our backlog of the ECO tankers and our construction cycles. So, those are the three factors that are increasing our outlook for the year. On margins, we just have some work to do across the portfolio. If you think about what the history has been on blocks of submarines. Block IV is still in its early stages. And so as we continue our reengineering efforts, we expect to realize some cost savings, which will improve performance and margins on Block IV. That’s going to be a longer term proposition. We historically, throughout that program, have recognized higher margins as we progress further into the construction. So, we see some long-term margin expansion opportunities there and we are seeing some – we are seeing very good performance at NASSCO on their ECO tanker construction and on the MLP for the Navy. And then we have got some margin compression at Bath Iron Works that we need to continue to work through on our DDG-1000 program. And I don’t expect that, but often typical of a new class of ships, particularly one that is as powerful and transformational warship as DDG-1000 is. So, we have got a little ways to go on that and we are working with our Navy customer on our vendors and their vendors to get that first ship into sea trials, so more to come.
Phebe Novakovic: There is an interesting correlation between volume increases and cost reduction. As you may recall, we have integrated two of our previous standalone businesses in IS&T and Creative Mission Systems and they had a particularly strong quarter across the board. So – and I am continuing to see good continued strength in those areas and I am particularly pleased with their margin improvement, which is driving the higher earnings and frankly allows them to increase their win rate. Their cost-cutting efforts have been exemplary and there is more to come in that business. On our service business, it’s steady year-over-year. And sequentially, they just need to work their margins hard, which is always their challenge in their highly competitive business. But all-in-all, IS&T is doing extremely well and I think will continue to do well. And again, our win rate is better, because our performance operationally is good and our costs are coming down and increasingly pace of which is increasing in cost-cutting, so very impressive.
Phebe Novakovic: So, let’s first define our terms. When we say fleet, what we mean is Fortune 500 companies coming back in and replenishing their entire fleet. And so not surprisingly, the preponderance of our backlog is in public and private companies and high net worth individuals. They comprise a majority of our backlog. I don’t track our – what you can call fractional owners, fractional buyers, but it’s not significant and I don’t really worry about it too much. It’s a very steady backlog when we look at it. We know these people in the backlog. They have been here before and a lot of strengths and consistency.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So, the supply chain for the 650, we are thinking about feathering in the 650 over additional ones and two units over time and the supply chain can easily manage that. We have been in discussions with them. And we are not talking about massive changes in the production rate, but simply lot of these [indiscernible] the transition period.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, when we look at our plan for the next couple of years and get some clarity around that, then we will have the ability to ramp up, again not in large order of magnitude numbers, but in ones that are easily manageable. So, that will be largely our planning process that we do in the fall and that will set the guidance that we will give you in the fourth quarter, first quarter of next year. So, there is no catalytic trigger, it’s more our internal planning.
Phebe Novakovic: So, the margin potential on the 650, I think we have got another year to 18 months before it eclipses the 550. So, I don’t really think about bringing forward 650s to boost our margins. I am thinking about bringing them forward to just smooth the entire business. And so there are less perturbations as we go through our transition, but we are – we have talked about this quite a bit, the margin performance on the 650 we haven’t seen how good we can get there.
Phebe Novakovic: That is a – think about it this way. We added significantly to the backlog of Jet Aviation with single aisle and double aisle airplane completions in the first half. So we need to and we are in the process of doing the engineering work, so that we can induct these airplanes in the first quarter and second quarter of next year into the production cycle. So this is a – when you have an inflow of order – orders and the completions on these airplanes require a fair amount of high level engineering on the front end, engineering and design. So to integrate that, get that engineering design done, so we’re ready to move into full rate production at a very efficient rate is I think judicious and was part of our plan all along. You need to do that in order to produce these things that – at a effective margin level and profitability. The Jet Aviation has some impact in the second quarter, if you would imagine, particularly given their double-digit contribution the last few quarters.
Phebe Novakovic: I don’t really follow that, but that would feel about right. But look, the way to think about this, there is nothing happening in the second half of this year that should cause concern to the underlying structure of the business. It’s simply a matter of different moving parts, it’s a mix in the business, the R&D spend as we build more airplanes into the test program, so I think the way to think about this specifically is there is no underlying systemic issue here, it’s just the normal puts and takes.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, we had a wholesome mix on the service side. Service revenue is up and the mix was very wholesome. And Jet Aviation had a terrific quarter. So all in all, that’s helped drive our – what you might think of this outperformance. But look, I think we have tried to talk over the last few years about the futility of attempting to get and predict precise quarterly margin rates at this business that has so many different moving parts different products, different service, mix as an issue, we have got Jet Aviation in there. So it’s – we are comfortable that we are directionally correct. Do we have, with exact precision, what third quarter margins are going to be, they are going to be less and they are going to be significantly less and a little bit better in the fourth quarter. So I think that’s reflecting – that slows down into the overall guidance that we gave you in terms of progression of EPS, which is a lighter third quarter compared to second and a fourth quarter that looks a lot like the second quarter and Gulfstream contributes to that.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So we have very carefully controlled and monitored our exposure to the emerging markets because of their great volatility. So we are cautious and I think you have seen that behavior in our dealing and in our interchange with emerging markets. We have some very good reliable customers in each of those markets, but they tend to be hyperbolic in their demand. They are in one quarter, out the next quarter. So there really hasn’t been much activity in the emerging market space for a number of quarters now. I would add that the Mid-East continues to be pretty wholesome for us. And – but the real powerhouse here is North America. And by the way, it’s nice not to have too much exposure to highly volatile markets. You can get yourself down in a boxed can in a big hurry.
Phebe Novakovic: So, let’s give a little bit of retrospective since this management team took over. In 2013, we were largely focused on improving our operations and retiring a considerable amount of risk that we found in the company. We did all of that, so 2014 and continuing into this year was about building that backlog, taking the lower-cost structure that we had invested in and the cost reductions that we have made, along with our strong operating discipline and increasing our backlog very significantly and that worked. And we are not done. You never can take your eye off of operations. Without solid operating performance, everything else becomes ephemeral. So we got to continue to focus on taking costs out, continuous improvement reengineering, efforts aren’t done. And we are – so we take those that low cost basis. And given the backlog, we are poised for growth this year, next year and through my current planning horizon. Our defense companies are growing. We have talked about the transition in Aerospace, but fundamentally, these defense companies across the board, they have the backlog in Combat and Marine and IS&T to continue to grow. So, now it’s about growing earnings, it’s about growing EPS based on increases in revenue and then it’s our productivity. So, I think they are going to see more of the same, focus on the core, blocking and tackling, might not be the sexiest thing, but boy it really makes all the difference in performance.
Phebe Novakovic: So, when we look ex-U.S. and ex-North America, our efforts in the UK and our European Land Systems have been exemplary and they really are the sort of the parable that describes what the journey the General Dynamics has been on. We take ELS, for example. We always knew that we were going to have to invest in that business, because when we purchased it, it had excess infrastructure. So, we made that investment and their cost structure and the wrap right now is at highly competitive levels. That was the competency of that management team. They are really performing. And all of our expectations were realized, because they did what they needed to do and we supported them in that. So, they have increasingly won every bit that they have been in. And the Denmark win was significant for them. It’s a replacement of the M113 fleet about $500 million. We have been in Denmark for a while, but it was European Land Systems. Both their design excellence, operating performance and their understanding of that very important customer that allowed them to execute and win. In the UK, that’s really been out of the Phoenix, right? I mean, out of the ashes rose the phoenix.
Phebe Novakovic: We had to dismantle that entire business and turn it over to Land Systems to run the FB program, so the guys you knew how to build Combat vehicles actually were building the Combat vehicle and returned over the remaining IS&T businesses to Mission Systems and both have done a superb job of taking cost out increasing their competitiveness. So, I think you may just have heard, I think it’s earlier this week, maybe even last week, the UK government announced another $630 million service and support contract for the SC program. You don’t get that unless that you demonstrate your performance and we had a very affordable cost structure so that you can support the needs of your customers. So, that to me is as I said it’s a parable of what can go right when you do what you need to do.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, well it helps to have been a liberalized measure. I do know the English language and I have known it quite specifically.
Phebe Novakovic: So, the next major milestone for the first ship, cost plus ship is going to sea trials. And the Navy, we have worked very, very closely with. They have, by the way, retained the integration responsibility for this partnership. So, we work very closely with them to work schedule and production so that we have minimized any lever, which is particularly challenging on the first acquired ship, but we are not seeing enormous amounts of rework. This is simply integrating, building and integrating a significantly – this is a huge, huge warship with an array of new technologies. And so that’s some of the challenge. That said the fleet is anxious to get it, because of its clear war fighting capability. So, this is a three class – three-ship class and our close relationship with the Navy has been important in all of us working together to get this war fighting battle start out to the fleet.
