Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Emma and good morning everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics’ first quarter conference call. As always, any forward - looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company’s outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company’s 10-K and 10-Q filings. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phebe Novakovic.
Erin Linnihan: Thanks, Jason. As a reminder, we ask participants to ask only one question so that everyone has a chance to participate. If you have additional questions, please get back into the queue. Emma, could you please remind participants how to enter the queue.
Erin Linnihan: Okay. Well thank you for joining our call today. If you have any additional questions, I can be reached at 703 - 876 - 3583. Have a great day.
Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe and good morning. I want to start with the subject that we haven’t talked about a lot in the past and that’s foreign exchange rates. With our increasing international revenue base and the continued strengthening of the dollar we’re seeing an impact in our reported results. Now to be clear this doesn’t involve any economic gain or loss in any of our contracts, what I’m referring to is the translation of our international operating results from their local currencies to US dollars for reporting purposes. Absent the movement of foreign currency translation rates, the growth in our revenues and earnings over the first quarter of 2014 would have been even more robust than the numbers you see. Specifically, our US dollar reported revenues and operating earnings in the quarter were reduced by approximately 120 million and $20 million respectively compared with the exchange rate that prevailed in the first quarter of last year. In addition, our backlog was reduced by 450 million from year end due to the same translation issue. Setting the FX impact aside, our Combat Systems backlog would have been essentially unchanged from year end and our IS&T backlog would have been up slightly more than reported. Moving on to a couple of items on our income statement, net interest expense in the quarter was $21 million versus $22 million in the first quarter of 2014. During the quarter, we repaid $500 million of maturing fixed rates notes with proceeds from marketable securities on hand. At the end of the first quarter, our balance sheet reflects a net cash position that’s cash in excess of debt of $1 billion essentially unchanged from year end. As Phebe mentioned earlier, our effective tax rate was a bit lower than we had forecast and a bit lower than analyst consensus of around 30.5%. The effective rate was 29% for the quarter versus 30.1% a year ago and the primary driver was some R&D tax credit claims that were settled during the quarter. For the year, we are now anticipating an effective tax rate in the ballpark of 29.5%. On the capital deployment front you may recall that in the first quarter of last year we repurchased to a little over 14 million shares including about 11 million shares under an accelerated share repurchase program. Since the end of the first quarter of 2014, our diluted share count is down another 12.5 million shares the result of almost 20 million additional shares repurchased in the past four quarters and that includes approximately 4.7 million shares repurchased in the first quarter of this year. Altogether, we spent $826 million on share repurchases we spent 826 million on share repurchases during the first quarter or 1.3 times of free cash flow from operations. Erin that concludes my remarks, I’ll turn the time back over to you for the Q&A.
Jason Aiken: Sure. We were, as you said, off to a strong start in the first quarter and to be quite frank, stronger than even we had expected. As we signaled coming into the year, we’re expecting a bit of a softer cash flow outlook and as you think would expect in response to that our business has turned toward sort of war on operating working capital and went after it hard first quarter. And really that is the story. You could see even despite a pretty big draw down in the customer advances related to some of those international programs otherwise excluding that OWC was down in the quarter. So, really strong performance out of the gate, I would caution you that we don’t necessarily expect the first quarter to be reflective of the full year. We’re still expecting a tough road ahead with some of the headwinds that we’ve talked about. But really our focus is all about that management at OWC and going after the collections as well as the supply side.
Jason Aiken: I would suggest the second half is where most of the pressure is there on that front. So we’ll be managing that through the balance of the year.
Jason Aiken: Yeah, I think as we look at the year we’re still expecting the numbers to be up a little bit from what we see in the past couple of years so little bit lighter in the first quarter than what we were expecting but balance of the year we’re still seeing that coming.
Jason Aiken: Yeah, I think you were pretty close on your estimates there. We had about 2 to 2.5 billion shares remaining by our buyer authorization when we got the additional 10 million in February. And I think we’re sitting with right around 7.7 or so remaining at this point so. So I think that I’ll look at Phebe but anything beyond that at the discretion of our board.
Jason Aiken: No, I think as Phebe signaled and I apologize if I missed that question or his predicate, as Phebe mentioned we’re not expecting to be quite as strong as their traditional performance this year. So expect something little bit lighter than that little bit lighter than the first quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: So as we’ve talked about before Aerospace margins tend to be lumpy and estimating that with precision is kind of like putting the tail on a moving donkey. But that said in the quarter, we had a very favorable service mix high service levels with a good mix. We recognized some tax credits, suppliers’ settlement. So it was really more on the upside than really any headwinds but the risk of getting ahead of our second quarter guidance I’ve already noted to you that our quarter one margins were above our expectations and we’re going to beat the guidance I gave you in January I’m just not sure by what amount. So I want to reserve those commentary to the second quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: Well we’re in a net cash position at the moment which Jason referred to and we tend to no debt position not trying to say net cash. I think we gave you guidance and our intention in January call we will deploy in the absence of any alternatives if there aren’t any we will deploy all of our free cash flow and then to some to share repurchases and that strategy hasn’t changed.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we had an increased sales activity across both Mission Systems and our GD IT business. our Mission Systems it was driven part by lower cost structure that we anticipated as a result of combined AIS and C4 which made us more competitive and that tends to be a pretty quick turnaround so some of the orders quickly turn into sales. We had good book to bill by the way in that program or in that whole group so that also us well for greater growth. But as we combined those two businesses we’re seeing some additional sales volumes that comes in by the strength of going to market. On the IT business they’ve won most of what they’ve been bidding on. They are a power in the market space. And so look I don’t have a sense of where we’re going to end up in that business in particular given all the puts and takes by the end of the year but we’ll have a real good sense by the end of next quarter. But a solid beat on revenues and we’re very pleased.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. The activity levels I would call as careful, in other words, we’ve got plenty of pipeline but slow to contract not unlike what we’ve seen in prior quarters. In short, North American and the Mid - East are okay. Russia, Latin America and China are slow at the moment, 650 ER demand is robust so we’re holding our own and then some. I think however, it’s important to understand the of the case behind how we’ve won this business how we have historically and how we will continue to do so. The only decline we worry about is a decline in earnings. So accordingly, we always throw production down in the face of weak orders. We have no intention of doing so this year. Given our large 650 backlog we can, to some degree, feather in more 650s to cover potential downfalls and of course we always take cost out of that business. So I think the way to think about both streams for the next two years is not necessarily as a strong revenue growth story. Gross over turn for the new airports enter into service and this is pretty much in line with what we had anticipated and predictable in a business that continues to refresh its product line with clean sheets design airplanes. So, I thought it would be helpful to give you a little sense of when we see changes in demand how we act but I’d say that the first quarter was cautious coming after a robust fourth quarter and this is pretty much of what we have seen in the first quarter for the last couple of years.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we’ll start to recognize activity in 2017 in anticipation of entry into service in the first quarter of 2018. It’s really in the next two years and it’s a transition period, I think that’s how you should think about it and we anticipate it that as well. And you could expect that given that we’ve got new airplanes coming on.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we haven’t given you the backlog and broken it up by aircraft model, but again let’s just talk about the theory of the case. When you’re bringing in new aircraft, the trick is to feather in that production with the existing plane. So that you have a nice, smooth transition and that’s what we’re striving for and that’s what we will achieve. There’s no reason to think that that isn’t going to happen. The 650 has a quite a significant order book and in fact, the deliveries the next to billable airplanes has actually slipped to the fourth quarter to ‘17. So that healthy and long backlog gives us some flexibility, nice flexibility to feather in some more 650s to offset that transition period the feathering in as we move to the new airplanes. So wouldn’t be all together a bad thing either that would reduce the wait time on those 650s and the 650 ER demand.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. We’re going to be prudent about it. It’s not wise to eat through your backlog, but to the extent that we can and want to we will feather in some additional 650s if that makes sense.
Phebe Novakovic: Yeah, so as I noted the 650 and 650 ER are out to the fourth quarter ‘17 G550 G450 out in 12 month where they have been, G280 and G150 G280 at the end of this year 150 first quarter next year. So pretty much consistent with what we’ve been reporting all along. As I tried to explain earlier we had a number of moving targets in the Gulfstream margin provided considerable margin improvement service mix we took in some tax credits. We did have that supplier settlement I’m not going to give you any particular numbers on any of these and jet performed well. So couple of those are one timers but I’m not going to quantify them for you I don’t think that’s productive. We’re very particularly with respect to our suppliers we are very proprietary about talking about our relationships with our suppliers.
Phebe Novakovic: Yeah, I mean we’ve led you to about 18% for the year I didn’t give you by quarter - by - quarter as I explained to you before we get real lumpiness in Aerospace margins which we’ve talked about. So I’m not prepared to change the year guidance but you can back in to some of that. As I said, this is - both streams has an awful lot of moving parts and so does Jet Aviation so, we have seen in the last couple of years lot of lumpiness. We’re not going to see that 20% repeated going forward as explained to you we’re going to outperform I just don’t know I have much yet and I can’t discuss that half way through the year.
Phebe Novakovic: We continue to build that business. They’ve been a positive contributor on both cash and earnings for the last 2.5, 3 years. We’ve seen no change in demand as a result of - no decrease in demand as a result of the change in oil prices, in fact, we’re seeing higher demand. Backlog, the pipeline is good and we’re adding to the backlog. So, that business is increasingly well positioned.
Phebe Novakovic: I think what you can expect is Marine will replicate its behavior in the past such as steady Eddy. There was no one particular element that drove margin performance. With respect to sales growth, that’s coming from a couple of places. We have increased sales at NAASCO on commercial work, and remember we’re moving into the Block IV which brings with it higher revenue and also we’re seeing increased revenue on the engineering and design for Ohio replacement. So, all of those are long - term programs that will continue to carry revenue and predictable earnings with them.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, so with respect to NAASCO, they’ve got a nice backlog commercial and government may be new construction and recall, repair continues to grow for NAASCO. We have a bi - coastal presence back when I was AVP of the Marine Group, we’ve got a couple of East Coast repair yards that have done beautifully. So we’ve really increased our hiring power in repair and we’re performing very nicely. The repair business is moving to and the Navy is moving to from cost plus contracts to fixed pricing repair in selected instances. And that’s a real upside potential for us, we’re really pleased with that. So, the repair business is robust. NAASCO is performing well, they keep their cost bases low for continuous improvement and that is a highly functioning shipyard. So, I like where they stand. They’re competitive in the commercial market space and of course, [indiscernible] as well continues to drive down its cost structure. And we’ll see over time increased margin improvement as we get further into Block IV in a continuous improvement. Every time you start a new Block, we have some questions in margins we’ve given back some of the goodness of the prior Block to the Navy, but we, over the last decade plus, reduced cost structure and continue to improve margin. So, they’re very, very well positioned.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. So look you would expect with the prodigious increase in backlog that we experienced last year that we begin to see that backlog turn into sales and revenue increases and that’s what you’re seeing in that group. But across the portfolio, on our Canadian Middle East contract, we are finishing up our design efforts and the initial variance and we are going to begin production later this year. The delivery is in ‘16 on the UK program, we’re working some small quantities of pre - productions but again, that will begin to ramp up and there is - the army is increasing its capitalization in their wheel and track vehicles, so all of that is upside and that we’ve recognized some of that. So look, that backlog is still flowing into sales and the key there is to perform on that backlog. So let me talk to you, you asked the second question that is kind of interesting that we have pulled out some competitions, let me give you a sort of theory of the case here. We are not going to compete for programs to respond RFPs where we do not believe that we can get a fair and sufficient returns. Chasing revenues that don’t have good earnings doesn’t help us or our shareholders. So this really has more to do with the discipline with how we run our company rather than the response in any particular program. We’re just not going to compete in programs what we think that we can’t make up their return and a good return.
Phebe Novakovic: So we’re proceeding well on both the near term G500, we had our first flight this quarter and we’re on track with no particular surprises. And the G600 we’re starting to build the first prototype so all’s well. We’re on track and in line with our expectations were.
Phebe Novakovic: That will depend on the FAA’s test program so that’s really - we work really closely with the FAA. They have an important job to do and we’re really working together there of pacing items here.
Phebe Novakovic: To fit in the nutshell. It’s not in our core. We had been thinking about participating on the air front was interested in the off the shelf trainer. Once the climate started to change there isn’t just no way that becomes an attractive program for us. So I think the appropriate response and good discipline what’s the prior that we just politely bow out.
Phebe Novakovic: So look, we came at out of the Gate strong on cash as I told what I told the Street on January is the way you think about 2015 cash is that we’re going to have a lighter cash year than we typically do have. And I’m not prepared to change that. So do not think about the cash generation in terms that we have historical terms. But that said, let Jason give you a little more color on where we are on the share repurchases.
Phebe Novakovic: We’re seeing a little bit more activity on the budget side but it’s really our win rate has improved as we continue to take cost out of our business we become more competitive. And by the way that’s true in the United States, Canada and the UK which is where Mission Systems placed heavily.
