Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. Starting with our cash performance. It was another strong quarter with operating cash flow of nearly $1.3 billion. This was achieved once again on the strength of the Gulfstream orders and particularly strong cash performance from our Technology segment. This brings us to $3.9 billion of operating cash flow through the first 9 months of the year, which also includes the ongoing collections on our large international combat vehicle contract according to the contract restructure that occurred back in 2020. Including capital expenditures, our free cash flow was just over $1 billion for the quarter and $3.3 billion year-to-date, yielding a conversion rate of 137% through the first 9 months. The continued strong performance positioned us very well to achieve our target for the year of free cash flow conversion at or above 100% of net income. With respect to the status of the tax treatment of research and development expenses, I think everyone can sense that despite the broad-based bipartisan support for immediate expensing of these investments, the window of opportunity for action in 2022 is quickly closing. As we've said all throughout the year, if the Congress acts to defer or reverse the capitalization requirement, we would expect free cash flow for the year at or above 110% of net income. Looking at capital deployment. Capital expenditures were $255 million in the quarter or 2.6% of sales. That's up from last year, consistent with our expectation to be around 2.5% of sales for the year. For the first 9 months, we're at 2.2% of sales, but 2.5% remains our full year target, so obviously an implied uptick in capital investments in the fourth quarter. We also paid $345 million in dividends during the quarter, bringing the total deployed in dividends and share repurchases through the first 9 months to just over $2.1 billion. The net result at the end of the third quarter was a cash balance of $2.5 billion and a net debt position just under $9 billion, down over $1.5 billion from this time last year. Net interest expense in the quarter was $86 million, down from $99 million in the third quarter of 2021. That brings the interest expense for the first 9 months of the year to $279 million, down from $331 million for the same period in 2021. At this point, we continue to expect our interest expense for the year to be approximately $380 million, including the assumed repayment of $1 billion of notes that mature in the fourth quarter.  The tax rate in the quarter was 14.3%, bringing the rate for the first 9 months to 15.1%. This is consistent with our guidance last quarter to expect a lower rate in the third quarter and a higher rate in the fourth. So no change to our outlook of 16% for the full year, which, of course, implies a higher tax rate in the discrete fourth quarter.  One more comment on the tax front. The inflation Reduction Act, which was signed into law in August included a 15% corporate minimum tax and a 1% excise tax on stock buybacks. We don't expect either of these provisions to have a material impact on our financial results. Order activity and backlog were once again a strong story in the third quarter with a 1.1:1 book-to-bill for the company as a whole. As mentioned earlier, Aerospace continued to have a strong order activity with a 1.2 times book-to-bill in the quarter and 1.6 times over the trailing 12 months. On the defense side, the combined book-to-bill was 1.1 times, with each of the segments achieving a book-to-bill of at least 1 times. We finished the quarter with a total backlog of $88.8 billion, while total potential contract value, including options and IDIQ contracts was $125.8 billion. The increase in backlog was particularly notable given a headwind from foreign exchange rate fluctuations of approximately $275 million in the quarter and $650 million year-to-date, with the vast majority of the impact in Combat Systems. Incidentally, the FX fluctuations also negatively impacted Combats revenue by $55 million in the quarter and $123 million in the first 9 months of the year due to the surging dollar versus the euro and the British pound. But for the FX headwind, the Combat Systems Group's revenue would have been up by 5.6% in the quarter and down only 3.9% for the first 9 months. That concludes my remarks, and I'll turn it over to Howard to start the Q&A.
Jason Aiken: Yes. As you said, Seth, we are somewhat different from most of the peer group in this regard. And as a result, right now, we're not expecting anything material from an income perspective on the pension front. Obviously, that's something we'll roll up as part of our full operating plan process here in the fourth quarter and give you more specific detailed guidance in January. But I think the bottom line is both from an earnings as well as from a cash perspective, we don't expect that at this point to be a material item.
Jason Aiken: Some version in that range. I don't have an exact number at this point. You can expect it to decline as you would modestly. But again, that's not 100% pension income there. It's a big piece of that is pension income on the commercial side of the business. So it should down take a little bit, but not in a material way.
Jason Aiken: Yes, David, we did have, I think you're aware, some customer accommodation related to the software issue, both in the second quarter and the third quarter wasn't material to the results, but that has been absorbed in the numbers that you see and is inherent in the improved margins that the group posted in the quarter.
Jason Aiken: Yes. As you point out, the cash flow has been particularly strong through the first 9 months. So as I said in the opening remarks, we're very comfortable with the 100-plus percent for the year. To be completely candid, there's probably some opportunity for some upside there. If I look at the things that we're monitoring, number one, to the first 9 months, we've had a significant benefit from working capital reduction. Some of that's timing. So some of that could turn in the fourth quarter. We'll watch that. The other big piece is, as I noted, we're still expecting or forecasting CapEx for the year to be in the 2.5% of sales range. So that implies a pretty meaningful uptick in CapEx in the fourth quarter. I'll acknowledge that often chased our CapEx forecast and rarely hit it. So there could be some upside opportunity there if we don't get everything in, in the year. But if we do that, that's a headwind to the fourth quarter. And frankly, the third item is something that everybody continues to monitor and that is we need to resolve our situation on the Ajax program. So those are some of the things we're monitoring for the fourth quarter. We come through all that. And certainly, to your point, we have some opportunity for some upside.
Jason Aiken: Yes. I think the way to think about it, Myles, we've talked about the $1 billion coming due in November. We do plan to pay that down. When you think on the debt side, we'll have additional maturities coming up in 2023, and that's where we said we'll start to look, think back to the CSRA acquisition and the additional debt we took on, we would bring it down to a point where it's some undefined point in the future, we'd start to think about whether we've hit the right level or not. And I think when we get into next year, we'll start to have that conversation in a more substantive way in terms of decision making. When you look at the other elements, share repurchase, as you know, is always tactical and opportunistic. It was a very volatile market in the third quarter. So we were a little more hands off just kind of trying to see what -- where things shake out, but that doesn't change our long-term approach to share repurchase in a tactical and opportunistic way. And I think importantly, the dividend is always going to be there. You've always heard us talk about that, and we'll continue to expect to be on that trajectory that we've been on for the past quarter century, frankly. So as Phebe said, no changes in the deployment strategy. It will just be a matter of what's in the moment in a given quarter. And I think importantly, our cash flow performance and our liquidity resources afford to see optionality to address all of those priorities without having to forgo one for the sake of the other.
Jason Aiken: George, I don't actually have a discrete number on the software fix. I mean, I have a sense of the overall R&D budget and that sort of fits into that context. So I think as David asked earlier in terms of impacts to aerospace in the quarter, you saw the nice margin improvement, frankly, even a little bit ahead of where we were expecting, which is why as Phebe alluded, we think we'll -- the group perform better for the full year. But even within those strong results in the quarter, we did have an impact, an adverse impact in terms of the accommodations we made with customers on the 500, 600 airworthiness directive. Again, that's fully behind us. And we are in a, at this point, sustained elevated R&D mode. Part of that was the resources that were diverted from the 700 over to the 500, 600 AD fix, and that will sustain through next year, as we've talked about as we continue towards certification of the 700 and then ultimately the 800. So I'll give you a little more color around that, but I apologize, I don't have a discrete number around the airworthiness directed fix.
Jason Aiken: If I could add just 1 thing. Cai, there was a predicate in your question that R&D would be coming down, we don't yet expect R&D to be coming down. If you look through next year with the 700 and the 800 will remain at a sustained and potentially even elevated level next year. So I just want to make sure that point is also clear.
Jason Aiken: It's a great question. Obviously, as we've been in this period of extended investment, you'd expect to see ROIC become a little bit muted as a result. And we saw a little bit of a downtick in that during that investment period. But as we emerge having had essentially the investment period behind us. To your point, we absolutely expect to see ROIC back on decline. We'll see that this year, and we expect to see it next year and beyond. So our targets over the long term ought to be back in the range as we were in prior to the investment period we entered into a few years ago, and that's what you should expect as well.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So we are driven entirely by the demand of our customer and the prioritization of our customers. So we're working with them, our U.S. Navy, to determine what the focus should be going forward. And as we work through these -- some of these capacity issues then how do we accommodate not only U.S. demand but potentially other demand.
Phebe Novakovic: So we've had a fair number of supply chain challenges on the aerospace side, which we have accommodated heretofore. But supply chain remains a potential challenge going forward. And as we go through our planning process in the fourth quarter, we get a lot more clarity airplane by airplane of what the supply chain is able to do. But we have so far managed. There are, however, as you quite rightly note, a fair number of headwinds out there. On the defense side, we have accommodated most of the supply chain perturbations, except obviously in the Marine group. But most profoundly in the quarter and most impactfully is at Mission Systems. And while they had with a lot of the more pedestrian supply chain challenges, specialty chips continue to dog them and the additional delays that they experienced in the quarter were very, very hard for them, in fact, impossible for them to overcome. Mission Systems is a very high-performance organization, and they produced several high-value complex products that have experienced delays before, but again, even beyond some of the chip problems, some of the specialty products going into that production those production lines were also impacted. So the Mission System is credit. They have taken a lot of cost-cutting and restructuring initiatives to offset the margin impact and earnings impact of the revenue decline, but we're going to have to work through some of that. And so more to come as we look into the fourth quarter and then into next year.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So there are some across the businesses, there are some specialty engineering and specialty fields that have had some headwinds on labor, but those are beginning to resolve in terms of manufacturing, we had some perturbation in -- we've had a lot of perturbation in the labor market, but felt that particularly at constant point, but that's beginning to resolve itself.  When you think about shipbuilding, shipbuilding is a very complex, high touch labor business. And when you have a nationwide perturbation in the labor market is going to be impacted. I mean while we kept open, not all of the supply chain did, but we also lost a number of experienced shipbuilders as well as experienced people manufacturing folks in the supply chain. So all of that at a higher level than we normally experience. And I don't think that we are alone in that. People took the opportunity in the middle of the pandemic to retire. So we've got to work through some of that.  But ultimately, we do not see and I think this is an important point here. We do not see labor as constraint for our revenue growth at the moment. Certainly not in the longer term.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. Let's talk about Combat because I think -- and then we can talk if you want a little bit about technologies. And before I get to combat, marine is pretty clear. The orders continue to be healthy. The revenue projection, while you have some quarterly lumpiness, it signifies nothing for the long-term growth.  With respect to combat, we saw a number of things in the quarter, primarily Stryker and Abrams as well as MPF is beginning to ramp up as in Poland. And we saw some munitions orders also related to the Ukraine. So I suspect that -- and if we parse through, we focus in on the Ukraine, what we anticipate that our U.S. Army customers telling us they want more ammunition and munitions. So we're working with them to ramp up production. In Europe, we've seen demand for bridges because frankly, a lot of water in Europe. And we've got a very nice business in Germany to provide river crossings at various widths and weight levels. And then we’re seeing -- beginning to see increases in vehicle orders and vehicle RFPs coming out, particularly, but not exclusively in the former Eastern block. So technologies is really, I think, a tale of two cities. GDIT has had good bookings. They grew last year. We anticipate them to grow this year. This is all about Mission Systems, as I think, tried to give you a fair amount of detailed color on what's impacting them. The demand for their high-value products is out there. It's just our -- the inability to deliver because of the supply chain is constraining some of the orders, but they're there. They're just waiting to be executed once we get through all of this, and we will, we will get through it.
Phebe Novakovic: Completely depends on the product. Less so on the bridge side and it depends and again, less so potentially on the vehicle side, it just depends on the vehicle, and exactly what modifications or changes folks want. We're not looking at clean sheet vehicles. We're looking at changes to existing vehicles that we have updated consistently and throughout the years. So it will depend. I suspect a year, in some cases, 18 months. Certainly, I don't expect a whole lot more than that.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, yes. No, no, no. And that's a very good question. Our capital deployment priorities remain the same. But let me give -- ask Jason to give you a little bit more color on the details.
Phebe Novakovic: Not at the moment. We assumed 1:1, and at the moment, I don't see any reason to change that. But as we go through our planning process, to the extent that we need to modify it, we certainly will and we'll be very explicit about that in the fourth quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. So we -- let's take your question in the inverter. We always watch the delivery times for our aircraft to our customers. And so far, that's all been manageable. Well, just to remind you, starting in mid-February of last year, we frankly entered the hottest in notranic demand market that I've ever seen. And the order level in the quarter was by any measure, spectacular.  So we've seen strong U.S. demand, Fortune 500 Mideast, Southeast Asia. And our demand interestingly, and I think not surprisingly, our pipeline going into the fourth quarter looks very much like the pipeline going into the third quarter. So at the moment, we've got some pretty good visibility of what orders look like.
Phebe Novakovic: So we'll see some margin upside, which we alluded to or about stated rather, in our guidance for the year. But the software fixes work almost entirely done by the end of the second quarter and the financial issue, it's about 50-50. So we're -- we like where we are. And frankly, you haven't asked this, but let me just give you a little bit of transparency around that. The transparency of the engineering resources that -- and the cooperation between the FAA and the Gulfstream was very strong and very apparent throughout that process. So we expect that kind of relationship to continue.
Phebe Novakovic: Some of the protests have resolved to our favor. And these are -- when we say protest, these are items that we've won that have been protested. And we've got one in there that's got to be approaching the federal level of number of protests. So hopefully, we'll get through that in the fourth quarter. And I think there's -- it's down somewhat, as I said, because they've resolved. But we still see a fair amount of proposals in the decision-making cycle, which has, as we've said elongated. But even given that, GDIT continues to grow.
Phebe Novakovic: So as I said, we've cooperated very well with the FAA. We expect that to continue. I would note that we learned a lot in that process of how to work through the new software requirements from the FAA. I think that, coupled with the fact that the G700 is the most mature aircraft to enter the FAA certification process as a result of its software system and considerable and successful testing that preceded FAA review. We see -- we're sticking with our at the moment with our summer 2023 estimate. But look, when we give you sort of our best guess on when the certification is. That's a result of a lot of things that we control and that we can talk about with certainty. But ultimately, this is an FAA issue, and it's the availability of their resources, and they are the regulator and they're going to control it. So we've always tried to be transparent about that, but recognize that the U.S. government controls ultimately the pace.
Phebe Novakovic: At the moment, we don't see a particular risk. And if we get 3 to 4 quarters in the entire year of a CR, which I find in this threat environment, very difficult to imagine. And we'd have to come back at you. But nothing we hear would suggest that it's the desire of Congress to do that.
Phebe Novakovic: So I think you and I, a couple of years ago, had a discussion about structural versus cyclical change. And I still think it's premature to see any to declare that there's been a structural change. We've certainly seen some increase in first-time buyers, but that was in part because a lot of wealth was created during the pandemic. The higher the pandemic. So I don't have exact data about what's in the pipeline, but I can imagine that it will be much different than this quarter, which is heavy U.S. Fortune 500, again, Southeast Asia and the Middle East.
Phebe Novakovic: So -- and I think I may have alluded to this in my remarks that, our customer has expressed an interest in increasing that demand. So we're working with them on increasing production. But I think your predicated about a high-margin business is not quite based. In fact, we are -- OTS where we do all of this work is a high-performance organization with respect to operating leverage. But that comes from a very wide and vast portfolio. So we do okay, but I wouldn't say that they were additive.
Phebe Novakovic: OTS, on occasion, will be a higher-margin business, but that's largely about mix, and it's not driven by 1 particular line of business. They've got an awful lot of contracts and the high-velocity contract turnover. So I think that's how you should think about them.
