Jason W. Aiken: Sure. So first off, I'm really not at liberty to get into any specifics around the specific supplier. That's somewhat confidential information that Gulfstream needs to deal with. But I can tell you that this is not an issue that has to do with anything related to flight tests or the flying capabilities or the readiness of the airplane to go into service. This is strictly a paperwork exercise that we're going through and, really, it has to do with, as we've noted, the additional test points that have allowed the additional range as well as I mentioned the simultaneous – this is the first time we've done a simultaneous FAA and EASA – that's the European Aviation Authority (sic) [European Aviation Safety Agency] (16:19) – certification. And really, that is a benefit to our customers, to achieve those simultaneous certifications so that we can accommodate the deliveries to our international customers. But long story short, this is not any type of risk item to the program. It's strictly a matter of getting through paperwork through that certification process. As it relates to 2018, as I mentioned, deliveries are still on schedule with our original plan and our original contractual customer dates. You may recall that for a while there we were optimistically considering that there might be an opportunity to advance that entry into service by three or four months. We had this opportunity to go after additional capability in the aircraft, and we did that knowing that we would still be able to meet our original customer commitments while achieving that additional capability. So really, no impact there. And likewise to your question, no impact on our expected 2018 delivery. The production and the delivery schedule remain intact as we originally anticipated, and so we don't see any modification there.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. So as we've talked about, and I think you hit on it, the Columbia I think is the primary driver that we'll see, if for no other reason, just the volume impact it has as we continue to grow in the Marine Systems group throughout the balance of the decade. And as we've talked about, it is a development cost-plus type contract, so it will come at relatively lower margins that will continue to have a modest dilutive effect for the group. So that's no different I think than what we've talked about up to this point. It's good to have that contract in place so we can keep moving forward, but the margin impact is consistent with what we've talked about historically.
Jason W. Aiken: I don't have that in front of me. What I can tell you is that the growth profile that we laid out, which, really, we anticipated being off a little bit this year in volume and then picking up in 2018 and beyond until the end of the decade, the growth profile, if you follow that CAGR, is almost entirely attributable to Columbia. And it's essentially this design work. So you can put some orders of magnitude on it around there as it relates to the growth of the business and those relatively diluted margins.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. So it's obviously a relatively significant change to the platform, with the additional radar capabilities. But we feel like we got to a place with the customer where we balanced the need to meet their requirements with the maturity of our design, and it's a balanced risk and opportunity situation. We feel very comfortable with the estimate we've put forth and we wouldn't have put a bid in if we didn't think we could do that. So we're still coming out of, as we've long talked about, some of the issues we had at Bath Iron Works with the four-year production break on the DDG-51 Destroyer line. So we feel very good about the progress they've made. We've got to keep watching that and making progress to see that it's sustainable, but we see this as fitting in very nicely to that book of business. I think we have seven destroyers in backlog at this point of the DDG-51 variety, and we think this is very wholesome for Bath Iron Works.
Jason W. Aiken: Absolutely. Nothing has come off that. And so recall, there's been a lot of discussion around, is EIS going to be at the end of 2017, beginning of 2018 – we were talking about EIS as a demonstrator model because of the demand requirements that our sales organization was having. And so there's been a lot of back-and-forth over when is the first unit going to be there and what's that going to look like. But fundamentally, two things. With the new revenue recognition protocol, that was never going to be a big impact on 2017, hence the more significant impact in 2018 that we described. And as I said at the outset in the earlier question, the production and delivery schedule we're still adhering to and are on track for. So continue to see 500 ramp-up in 2018 as having a meaningful impact as we draw down. We'll deliver the last 450 in January of next year. We'll continue to draw down the 550 and we'll start to feather out a couple of 650s. So the 500 is a major contributor among those factors.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. So we've had a number over the year. They've been mostly small in nature. The more recent one was a business in our IS&T group, really out of our IT services business. And it specializes in mission support for the intelligence community, so it fits right in our core as it relates to the GDIT services and a growth market for us. It closed right near the end of the third quarter, in mid to late September, so not really much of an impact. In fact, no really impact at all in the third quarter but we'll expect to see that to start to contribute in the fourth quarter and beyond. The other acquisitions were a couple of small aerospace services business and another mission computing business that we acquired earlier in the year at smaller amounts.
Jason W. Aiken: We've spoken for some time about the fact that, A, we don't have a target balance sheet leverage position; we really are more focused on a couple of things. Number one is maintaining the balance sheet firepower that we have for strategic opportunities that will enable long-term growth. So with the free cash flow we have and the balance sheet capacity that we've had, we've been able to do things like invest in capital facilities, invest in product development across the portfolio, Gulfstream, now Electric Boat in the facility. As well as of course deploy meaningful amounts of capital; in this case, primarily to shareholders in the form of dividends and the share repurchase. I think as we look forward, a couple of things. We like our credit rating, where we stand today, and we don't look to modify that. But certainly, we see the balance sheet as an opportunity for when and if strategic opportunities come up, that we are ready to be agile and move quickly with those opportunities. You saw that in a small dose here in the first nine months. That's a little bit more of a toe in the water compared to where we've been for the past few years. Where that leads us, we'll see. It really is all about continuing to find accretive opportunities that are in our core, and that's really never changed. That's always been the case and that really is what we hold that balance sheet firepower for.
Jason W. Aiken: So we'll continue to evaluate that on an annual basis. Right now, that continues to be our cadence through the balance of the year. I'm sure you've heard Phebe talk about priorities on capital deployment, that the dividend should be predictable and repeatable and sustainable, so we'll look to continue that. And share repurchase, of course, as always, we do not view that as a strategy. It's been a tactical approach to how we deploy capital, and we'll continue to frankly take it that way. So I think no real change that I foresee in that regard.
Jason W. Aiken: So I don't know of anything about the 500 delay until midyear. Like I said, we remain on track for deliveries in the early part of 2018. So rumors are rumors. I don't necessarily want to speak to that kind of speculation but we remain on track with our contractual delivery timing. And so as it relates to further delays, it would also be, I think, somewhat speculative. I don't know what that would look like, and frankly don't anticipate them, so I don't see an impact to cash or otherwise associated. We are on track and feel good about our ability to close on the certification and get the airplane into service in accordance with our original contractual commitments. As it relates to competition, we tend not to speculate about them or gauge our performance based on what others are doing. It's fair to say over the past couple of years that we have been the beneficiary of taking some share in this market. It's not something we focus on; it's just a fact. But obviously, if they continue to have issues, if others continue to have issues, we'll continue to do our best to perform and be as competitive as we can be in this market.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. So on the first question, you read that correctly. It may be a subtlety that we're articulating because it's relevant in the moment, but it's always been our approach that, with respect to capital deployment, I mentioned a minute ago the dividend approach, that steady and repeatable M&A is there if and when we find accretive and core acquisitions, and then the residual from a tactical standpoint is share repurchase. So I don't think that's any different than what we've talked about; it's just that they've become relevant as you've seen it here in the third quarter of this year. So that is absolutely the case. As it relates to pension, we did make our scheduled pension contribution so no change to the outlook. With respect to that, for the year I believe the number was somewhere in the ballpark of $200 million. I don't think that's changed. And as it relates to closing out the year, we've got a big fourth quarter lined up but frankly that's not unusual for us. It's a pretty typical pattern for us. And one of the things we, I think, would look to as the biggest driver behind the ramp there in the fourth quarter is the transition to billing and delivery and collection on these major international programs is starting to unwind a good bit of that working capital in the fourth quarter. That's the single biggest driver that brings us down that curve.
Jason W. Aiken: I don't want to speak to long-term leverage. We'll get into that depending on the deals that may be out there. I think as it relates to the impact on share repurchase, as I've said, that's always tactical. And while we targeted a 100% return between dividends and share repurchase modified by the acquisition activity, that's a rough number because it's tactical; it's something we shoot for. If it were a penpoint, sort of bullet point at the target, then it wouldn't be tactical; we'd be driving toward a fixed answer. And if you look back over the past couple years, we've in fact well exceeded the 100% return benchmark, and this year we're on target to meet that. So I don't know that it has any direct implication. We'll just have to assess each of those opportunities when they come up and see what they do with respect to the implications on the long-term leverage.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. So I'd have to check, and we can go back offline and discuss the math, but the 15-ish percent increase sequentially is entirely consistent with our original forecast of the Combat Systems group being up 7%, maybe a touch higher, approximately 7% full year over 2016. So we're very comfortable with that and that's in the backlog. As a relates to IS&T, as I've said, it is a steep curve in the quarter but we feel very good about it. The pieces are in place to achieve that growth. There are a lot of moving parts but it's in the backlog. We had a good September which leads us to feel like we're very well-positioned to close out the year in a strong fashion. Most of that growth is coming out of the products business, and the order cadence is there to support that. So again, while there's a lot of moving parts, we feel very good about where we are and the pieces are in place to get there. In terms of the impact of the acquisition, I would say that's not the big driver. It has an impact, but to be honest with you I don't actually have that number in front of me. The big driver is the catch up from the timing we've seen throughout the year and its impact that it's had on our Mission Systems product business. We've talked a good bit about those timing effects of the Army procurement and some of the civil agencies and so on that we've seen delayed by the six-month-plus CR and so on. But we feel good about that timing starting to catch back up this year. If we don't get fully back to the 2016 level, it'll be close and that timing will just spill over a little bit into 2018.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. So look, I think bottom line, when you think about this tactical network backbone for the Army, that is absolutely as square in our core as anything else that's out there, and so we feel very good about the fact that we will continue to be a player from a systems integration role moving forward. Obviously, the Army is yet to define what its revised tactical networking baseline is going to be, so we don't want to get out ahead of that. But as we see it right now, the decisions that have been made to-date and what's on the table at this point has a minimal revenue impact, if any, to 2018. So we feel very comfortable with where we're headed for 2018. And frankly, beyond that, the impact will depend on future Army decisions, so it probably wouldn't be appropriate to speculate and get out ahead of them at this point. What I can tell you, as you are well aware, IS&T is a makeup of a vast portfolio of lots of different opportunities and programs. And so even this one, if it has some impact, is not going to be one that changes our overall long-term outlook for the group. So we feel comfortable that our multi-year CAGR for the group, which I think we gave you at 4.5% or so, remains intact at this point.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. I don't have it by segment in front of me. I know the number in aggregate for the quarter was right around $100 million, which was off a little bit from the second quarter but higher than the first quarter, and that's, of course, right in line with the increased variability we anticipated seeing with these changes under the new revenue recognition model. It did have a good favorable effect on IS&T. I think we had 11.7% margins in the quarter for IS&T. That's not likely to be sustained in the fourth quarter, albeit the margins will continue to be strong for the group in the fourth quarter, but we'll see that come back down a little bit. A little bit of an impact in Combat Systems but not too, too much with respect to changes in estimates or true ups. And in Marine Systems, we did see a couple of modest, albeit a handful of booking rate changes on some of those programs which, in this case, all just happen to line up positively, and so you saw the strong margin in Marine Systems in the quarter. So I would frankly expect to see the Marine Systems margin tick back down a little bit in the fourth quarter but still to show good progress in those yards. So bottom line, it had an effect. It was favorable to the quarter but not in an outsized way compared to where we've been in the past. And again, barring a similar trend in the fourth quarter, we expect to see some of those margins notch back down just a little bit to a range that we consider to be more normal.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. I really don't think this signals any difference in our perspective or our approach to the market. While we've been fairly quiet on this front for the past few years, it doesn't mean that there hasn't been sort of activity under the surface in terms of looking and evaluating things that are out there. As I've said before, we will continue and will always look at deals that are accretive and are in our core, whether they're large or small. And in this case, a couple of them happen to come in. To speculate about what the future would look like would probably be getting a little bit out ahead of ourselves because I really just don't see what that is. But this will always be our approach until I'm told that it's not. And it's just, again, a focus on accretive core deals and we'll announce them as they come.
Jason W. Aiken: So specifically, earnings accretive in the first full year. Obviously, if you bring it in late in the year it's going to have a hard time overcoming that geometry. But, yeah, accretive in the first full year and that's earnings accretive and, of course, the cash to follow.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah. No change from what we've talked about earlier. We're still looking to be right at about 120 deliveries for the year. I think if I recall, I don't have it right in front of me, but that's 89 or 90 large cabin and 30 or 31 mid cabin, so that remains unchanged. Obviously, as you get toward the end of the year, you could see a unit flip back or forth, so we'll manage that. But right in line at this point as we look at the balance of the year.
Jason W. Aiken: The markets continue to be solid for us. We've sort of hit a familiar drumbeat, right, throughout the past several quarters and even the past couple years. Emerging markets are showing signs of activity. Our core continues to be North America, and that's where over half of our order activity and backlog is centered. But we're seeing, I'd say, probably another quarter of the activity associated with Asia, Asia Pacific. And then if you take other regions notching down, I'd say Europe, then Latin America, then Mideast Africa, sort of in that order in decreasing amounts. But we are seeing decent order uptick activity and customer interest around the globe.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. So the growth in the group so far this year has really largely been attributable to the ramp in the international programs that we've discussed. We've started the delivery process for those programs. And in fact, we're now up at full rate production for the large Middle East program coming out of Canada. We've started to make initial deliveries on – I think we've made the first handful of deliveries on the UK AJAX program. That will start to build rate and come up to full rate throughout and toward the end of next year, so you'll see some ramp next year attributable to that, and that'll sustain out through the next couple of years and beyond. The Middle East international program, as I've said, is at full rate and will be pretty steady state for the next couple of years. And now we're starting to see the startup of US domestic ground forces recap, and we'll see that more of an influence in the fourth quarter. So I would expect more of the growth that we see in the fourth quarter to be about those programs. And really, that dovetails into your margin question because we'll start to see those coming in at traditional sort of US Defense entry-level program margins, and so that'll have somewhat of a dilutive effect on the Combat Systems group margins in the fourth quarter as we start up those programs. So a really nice layering of the international programs, the Middle East having a big effect this year, Army recap starting this year and moving into next year, and then the UK program ramping next year and beyond. So I think it's a wholesome position for Combat to be in and supported by the tremendous backlog that they see in that group.
Jason W. Aiken: Well I think your comments taken in reverse order. Number one is if the money is there to support it, absolutely. I would tell you that we have the capacity to move the rate up, so we're at a steady two per year now in the foreseeable future. There is conversation around what to do in years when a Columbia submarine is delivered, and so we'll have to see if there's opportunity from a budget standpoint to add Virginia-class there. But bottom line, we stand ready to do that. We have the capacity to do it and it frankly comes at a relatively minimal investment. The investments at this point moving forward that we're evaluating for Electric Boat really have to do with the Block V module – for the Virginia Payload Module on the next Virginia-class contract – and, of course, the Columbia investments, all of which we're in the process of discussing with the Navy.
