Erin Linnihan: Thank you Shantelay and good morning everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics' fourth quarter conference call. As always, any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phebe Novakovic.
Erin Linnihan: Thanks Jason. As a quick reminder, we ask participants to ask only one question, so that everyone has the chance to participate. If you have additional questions please get back into the queue. Shantelay, could you please remind participants how to enter the queue.
Erin Linnihan: Well, thank you all for joining our call today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached at 703-876-3583. Have a great day.
Phebe Novakovic: So we tend not to give you specifics as a percentage of net income on our free cash flow. But suffice it to say it’s going to be less robust as a result of our drawdown in our deposits. But we will intend to normalize our free cash flow using our cash on the balance sheet to effect any capital deployment. I think that’s about as much color as we yearly give you and as much as we are prepared to give you.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. We do expect the profile to continue to grow in the near years, but at less of a rate than it will grow when we introduced an entry into service of the new airplane. So we have growth between now and entry into service of the G500 and we’d expect accelerated growth going forward from there. 
Phebe Novakovic: Okay. 2014 growth was driven by higher than expected volume on Block IV electric boat, more unplanned repair work in addition of commercial volume, and we anticipate that those growth elements to continue into next year albeit at a less of a rate of increase. Our developmental work primarily on Ohio replacement ballistic missile submarine continues at pace for the sole source on that, on track and we’re year over year increasing work on that contract. And it’s going very well. So we like where we are positioned there. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well we have continued to see growth this year at about 2% to 2.5%, which is, I think, very good in this environment, and that growth will continue into the outyears as we get more volume on Block IV – now we continue to do additional work on our commercial volume, repair work fluctuates but has year over year been growing and we began work on the fourth MLP. So we’ve got growth engines for marine group. We did obviously last year, we do into this year, and we do in the future. We have been telling a growth story for the last two years at marine group and you saw it manifest itself in 2014. It’s going to continue to 2015 and into the foreseeable future.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. So we have a slightly – so there are couple of things that are compressing margins slightly in 2015. We have a slightly unfavorable mix shift in green production between large cabin and mid cabin. We are keeping large cabin production about the same rate as we did last year, at about 115 units. We are increasing mid-cabin by 10 units. And so there is a somewhat unfavorable mix shift between large and mid-sized green. It’s got less of a contribution at Jet primarily and exclusively driven by mix shift. We’ve got higher R&D in this upcoming year. Remember that we are building multiple test aircraft to carry with them no revenue and earnings.  And in the final – the final issue that’s impacting margins somewhat in 2015 is we have higher pre-owned. So those are the four components that are driving the margin variability.
Phebe Novakovic: No, so that’s a kind of two-part question. Net R&D is up slightly. The 650 profitability continues to increase. And the 450 and 550 profitability being exactly where it has been, we have a greater mix shift this year – of mid-cabin which carries with it lower earnings – lower margins. I think you need to think about it that way.  We’ve talked before about the variability of margins at GulfStream, and this is an example of it. There’s nothing unexpected from our point of view. There is nothing systemic. It’s just simply the ebb and flow of production, R&D and pre-owned. 
Phebe Novakovic: So let me talk a little bit about demand and give you a little bit of color there. The demand for our in product – in production airplanes was quite handsome for the last quarter. The 650 and 280s increased, and interestingly but not surprisingly, when we got inside the demand curve for the 650 inside the 3-year delivery window, Q4 orders were particularly strong. 280 was again strong. The 450 and 550 demand has slowed slightly; it’s okay. Not super heated but good enough. And we continue to see strong demand primarily in North America and somewhat in Asia and also in the Mid-East. Heretofore we have seen no impact on oil prices on our backlog, or frankly in our demand.  If you are asking what percentage of our backlog may have some exposure to energy related or have some energy related exposures, it’s about 5% but we haven’t seen any impact yet. I would add, we are seeing historically low operating cost which is -- usually drive increased flight hours, and that’s a potential upside for our service business. So we tend not to give you delivery with any more specificity than we already have with respect to models, when you break it up by large cabin and mid cabin. And I don’t intend to change that in a moment.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So I think you know that we don’t talk about pricing, that’s competitively sensitive. But let me give you a sense of where we are and first available. In general, for new customers, for the G650 and G650ER first available is fourth quarter 2017, that moved to the right a quarter from third quarter of last year as a result of our good order activity. The G550 is about 12 months out, the G450 late this year, so that moved a couple of months – a few months into the left. The G280 is also available – first available late this year and not that anybody asked, but the G150 is first quarter 2016. So it’s important to recall that deals are often in the works that move customers around in the backlog for earlier squad [ph] but the above is about approximate window for new buyers. So I hope that helps you.
Phebe Novakovic: No, look, we have continued to hold price on products and you could expect that over time there is some price variability but we are not about to get into any specifics. That’s just not good a competitive place to be in a highly competitive market. 
Phebe Novakovic: So we have about three quarters of our guidance for IS&T in our backlog. That’s exactly where we have been historically including recently. We’ve got good – we’ve got a high level of RFP – request for proposal activity and are bidding on a number of contracts. So we are pretty comfortable that we can hit our revenue guidance. And from our point of view, we’ve seen less fluctuation in the DoD budget with respect to our IS&T units recently than we had a couple of years ago. So we think that, that’s somewhat stabilized and as I told you, we anticipated 2014 would be our low watermark – it was better than we thought it was going to be, and I think some of that decrease bled into 2015. 
Phebe Novakovic: Let me address your questions in the order that they were asked. We’ve talked frequently about margin variability at the marine group. There is really a mix shift and you quite accurately point out that we are experiencing a mix shift really frankly across our portfolio, more Block IV, less Block III, more commercial work coming off of the MLP program and first of class ships on the DDG1000 and DDG51 restart. That said, these businesses have continued to perform very very well on cost cutting, efficiency and their performance have been quite good, and I frankly expect to see margin expansion which is primarily driven by Block IV, we have increased margin potential and earnings potential from our profitability and efficiency as we move down our learning curve. So marine group continues to function very very well and I like their growth story.  Combat systems growth, we have that significant backlog and now for us it’s all a question of performing on that backlog and I think this group has demonstrated its operational excellence and will continue to do so. So I expect – I have given you my guidance for 2015 but as I project out into the future and think about the business, it’s just going to be – we are going to see some growth in combat and I would expect to fully anticipate given the operational excellence of this group to see margin expansion but I am not going to bake any of that in now, on some of these programs. We are still in fairly new starts and low rate production but everything we see, this is a group that will continue to cut costs and improve its efficiency. 
Phebe Novakovic: So we have historically and as we talked about before, we’ve historically set our production rates and we’ve continued that practice based on what we see in demand, and to optimize around our economic efficiency, our supplier base and we’ve been very judicious year over year in setting our production rates and deliveries. So as I mentioned, we continue to see a very strong demand, particularly for the 650 – as our pipeline on the 650 is very good, the 280 also. So we really haven’t seen much impact on emerging markets, certainly not this year. North America remains very strong with us, Asia Pacific and we are also seeing some increased demand in the Middle East. I would also tell you that about 60% of our backlog is with public and private companies including Fortune 500, they may tend to be very stable and reliable and predictable. And as I said our pipeline continues to show interest on their part. So I hope that kind of addressed it, if you look at a complex number of factors, what our demand is, what our goals are for our operating efficiency, our supply chain, we manage prudently. 
Phebe Novakovic: The lower price of oil. I have been a big believer and I think history has demonstrated that demand for defense products is driven by threat and perceived threat, and you just have to open up the paper to see that the world isn’t increasingly unsafe place. So we see it in increased level of interest in parts of Europe and the Middle East, just as you might anticipate. Governments begin to rethink their spending priorities in light of some of the threats that they see both actualized and potential. So we have a pretty robust pipeline that’s continuing, in our IS&T unit and for combat now, I will tell you that the marine group has almost no and never had much international exposure. Just the nature of our Navy shipbuilding program. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well, that’s a compound question, George. So let me see if I can at least address what I think the essence is. The same, having less pre-owned this year clearly wasn’t upper to our margins. Pre-owned tends to carry no revenue. And we forecast pre-owned demand based on what we see in our backlog and sometimes that comes to fruition and sometimes not. So this has been a pretty sustained pattern over time with respect to pre-owned, it tends to be lumpy and we won’t know until the quarter of execution whether in fact anticipated pre-owneds come into our market or they are sold before they get to GulfStream. So that makes pre-owned a little bit tougher to articulate. We had the performance at GulfStream this year was extremely strong and we had a favorable completion mix in the fourth quarter that we are reversing somewhat going into next year. So we’ve talked multiple times about the fallacy of being able to predict with great specificity the GulfStream or aerospace margins and I will tell you Jet had a very strong year this year. And that contribution will be less next year primarily driven by a mix shift as they move into the additional completion work and they come down their learning curve. So all of these factors are planned at GulfStream and aerospace margins. 
Phebe Novakovic: Well I think again gosh, George, I have tried, we’ve got less contribution from Jet and we had a favorable delivery mix on large cabin to mid cab and that’s a pretty – those are pretty big movers. So – and less pre-owned and that’s a big one. Pre-owned tends to carry very little with no or negative margins. So that in my mind explains. 
Phebe Novakovic: So just to reiterate, we have given you guidance based on the same assumptions that we used last year, and our ability to do better is simply going to be as a result of share repurchases and outperforming our plan. If you look at our outlook, it’s informed by the last two years, where we focused on operations, reduced our costs and results, built our backlog. So we are poised for growth as a result of that backlog for several years to come. It’s a very nice position to be. We are going to see some good growth in ’16 and ’17 and the business is poised for that. We’ve been focusing on operations and what we basically call the back to basic which is blocking and tackling. That work is never done. So we’re going to continue to attack our costs through a relentless focus on our cost performance and re-engineering our business, that will make us more competitive, reduces our cost mix, more competitive and that two will help growth. So we have positioned ourselves nicely and I think we will continue to do so going forward.  Our opportunities are because of our improved competitiveness, increased growth primarily both overseas and we’ve talked about that before. We’ve got another opportunity as margin expansion going forward as we focus on our continuous improvement. We’ve got – when I think about risks, you implicitly asked about foreign currency risk. We are less exposed to foreign currency variability than companies in other sectors for example and 60% of our business is with the US government and GulfStream’s exposures to the US economy. We have – there’s some translation difficulty year over year with respect to currency fluctuations, we’ve embedded those in our plan. We also have some nice natural hedges both in Europe and in Canada. So has the strong dollar affected any of our demand? Not really. And we certainly haven’t seen it in our backlog. We had a translation we had to adjust our combat backlog as a result of a negative translation but that’s on work, that’s many years out. So but in terms of sales, we are not just seeing any particular impact. It’s a potential sure but not affecting us.  So – oh, you asked about R&D as a risk. So the key, when you introduce I think you invest in a business and a new product development. And you introduce new product, is that you have managed that R&D and the engineering and development and design effectively, and GulfStream has a proven history of doing that and we are continuing to see that same kind of excellent execution in our design and engineering effort at GulfStream. So we don’t see any risk outside what we have always seen in the past with respect to R&D but we manage R&D at GulfStream and their design and engineering activities very very closely and we’ve really – we set the expectations accordingly and we’ve got a great team there. It’s all about the execution and so far so good. So I hope that answers where you were ahead. 
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, in some instances, it is but we haven’t seen either up, nor down any particular impact in the moment. 
Phebe Novakovic: Okay. Complex questions. But let me address them in the order in which you asked them. We are seeing stabilization in our US land forces exposure at combat systems, directly in line with our expectations. And so we don’t really see any at least surprises that we can see in the near term. International orders are or international sales this year are comprised about in excess of 55% of combat sales, and we will increase to 60 over time not at the expense of our domestic activity but just as a revenue expansion. So we do – we still have a lot of I’d say number of international orders in our pipeline that are of decent size, that is our – it is our expectation that given our competitiveness in our cost structure we are going to be having some competitive in the competition. So we have additional upside in building our backlog at combat but I am not prepared to give you any specifics on whether that makes it a book to bill of 1 to 1 in any one given year, that will depend on a lot of things on when these competitions are decided but we’ve got a lot of proposal activity out there. And with respect to 550 or 500 and 600 tempo, both of those R&D programs are proceeding at pace, and no major changes since the last time we talked to about it. Our pipeline is very robust and I expect sales to increase as we orders to increase as we get closer and closer to the entry into service as a 500 and then the 600. So there is no – there have been no stumbling blocks heretofore and our profiles on R&D and production of the test airplanes remain right on plan. So we are very pleased with that and we are pleased with the interest that both of these models have generated. 
Phebe Novakovic: I don’t want to get into specifics about ’16 and ’17 other than we are – at combat, other than we have the backlog and are poised for reasonable growth, growth that we will manage according to our terms and conditions of our contract and also our supply chain. So I would expect growth but not of a double digit nature. We don’t think it that way. We are not going to burn off that backlog that quickly. It’s not efficient and it’s not in accordance with the terms and conditions of our contracts.  The second part of your question – 
Phebe Novakovic: Mix in IS&T. So we have – as you know, over the last few years, our IT services business has composed a larger percentage of our revenues, that is somewhat changing as a percent of revenue. We, you may know, combined two of our non-IT businesses and AIS and C4 systems into mission systems. And over time there it is our anticipation that they will grow as a larger percentage of our IS&T sales than IT. But both of those businesses are poised very very well for – again no single digit growth but still growth and I would add that I am very pleased with their margin performance. It’s particularly interesting that’s a year that we had some revenue decline, considerable revenue decline, we outperformed on margins and this year we expect revenue decline and again higher margins and this time bring it with higher earnings than last year. So that’s a pretty wholesome story from my perspective.
Phebe Novakovic: We are projecting a positive territory, positive growth. In fact, with every single one of our businesses. 
Phebe Novakovic: Every year we provided the same kind of guidance with respect to capital deployment and that is that, we at least in the two years and again this year, have anticipated deploying all of our free cash flow in share repurchases and dividends and we anticipate doing that again this year. But as with every other year, we give you the overall strategy and then the execution – the tactical execution comes during the course of the year. So think about in general terms that we will use our balance sheet to – and you quite I think accurately put it, normalize our cash flow for share repurchases. But I see no fundamental reason or a benefit from tapping into our balance sheet beyond that for share repurchases. Some of you have requested that we just – not necessarily you all but some out in the environment had requested that we go into our balance sheet early on and buy a significant number of shares. And I argued them and I will continue to argue now, I don’t think that’s judicious nor prudent, and I think that this year is a perfect example of why you don’t want to have expended all your bullets in prior years. Think about us as telling you what we are going to do at the beginning of the year and doing it and having very very reliable results and execution of our capital deployment in the year. So this year outlook very similar with respect to what our capital deployment intent is. Free cash flow and little bit or and some of the balance sheet depending again on where we are on free cash flow. 
Phebe Novakovic: The way I think about the balance sheet is we have a strong balance sheet that gives us flexibility and agility and opportunity both in the year of execution and going forward. And I intend to preserve that flexibility and I intend to preserve the strength of that balance sheet with some variability in any given year, but not taken up cash off that balance sheet to change our overall firepower. So as I sit here today, that is our strategy and we will adapt accordingly in the future as circumstances may change. 
Phebe Novakovic: No. The quarterly distribution of EPS that I gave you in my remarks is typical of our performance that we tend to start out light, build throughout the year and have a strong fourth quarter. So that’s very consistent with that ebb and flow of our business.  End of Q&A
