Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. The first thing I'd like to address is our cash performance for the quarter and the year. As you can see from our press release exhibits, we generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow in the fourth quarter or 136% of net income with strong cash performance across all four segments. That resulted in free cash flow for the year of $3.4 billion, a cash conversion rate of 104%. That was nicely ahead of our anticipated 95% to 100% of net income, and again reflective of solid performance across the company, but in particular, the strong order activity at Gulfstream. That strong performance enabled us to continue our balanced and robust capital deployment activities. To that point, capital expenditures were $385 million in the quarter or 3.7% of sales. That's up more than 10% from the prior year, and brings us to $887 million for the full year. Of course, Marine Systems continues to drive the elevated CapEx with facilities investments in support of the unprecedented growth the Group is experiencing now and for the next decade plus. The full year total for capital investments at 2.3% of sales is slightly below our original expectation of 2.5%. That's due strictly to the timing of the phasing of those projects. While our investments to support the Navy's submarine programs have peaked, we expect capital expenditures to remain somewhat elevated at about 2.5% of sales in 2022, slightly higher than 2021, before returning as we forecast for some time to our more typical 2% range in 2023 and beyond. We also paid $332 million in dividends in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year to $1.3 billion, and we repurchased 1.8 million shares of stock in the quarter, bringing us to just over 10 million shares for the year for $1.8 billion at just under $179 per share. With respect to our pension plans, we contributed $135 million in 2021 and we expect that to decrease to approximately $40 million in 2022 as a result of the ARPA funding release. As we've discussed for some time, we expect to continue to generate cash in the 100% plus conversion range in 2022 and beyond. Our outlook assumes the unfavorable impact of the capitalization and amortization of research and development expenditures for tax purposes beginning in 2022, as called for under current law. There's proposed legislation to delay the effective date of this requirement, but we'll have to wait and see if it's approved by Congress and signed into law. Assuming there is a deferral of the R&D capitalization provision, we would expect our free cash flow to be in the 110% conversion range. We ended the year with a cash balance of $1.6 billion and no commercial paper outstanding, leaving us with a net debt position of $9.9 billion, down approximately $300 million from last year and the first time we've ended the year with net debt below $10 billion since 2018. Our net interest expense in the fourth quarter was $93 million, bringing interest expense for the full year to $424 million. That compares to $120 million and 477 million in the respective 2020 periods. The year-over-year reduction in interest expense is due to the retirement of $1.5 billion of long-term debt back in May. Our next scheduled debt maturity is a $1 billion in the fourth quarter of this year. And based on the declining net debt balance, we expect interest expense to drop to approximately $380 million in 2022. Turning to income taxes, we had a 15.9% effective tax rate in the fourth quarter and for the full year consistent with our previous guidance. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect the full year effective tax rate to remain around 16%. The rate for 2022 is not impacted by the R&D matter I discussed earlier because that legislation impacts cash taxes, not the effective tax rate. The 2022 rate also assuming there's no other enacted legislation impacting corporate tax rates. From a quarterly phasing perspective, we expect the first quarter rate to be lower due to the timing of certain tax items, so the rate for the remainder of the year will naturally be higher given the full year forecast. Quarter activity and backlog were once again a strong story with a 1 to 1 ratio for the company in the fourth quarter and for the full year. As Phebe mentioned, order activity in the Aerospace group led the way with a 1.7x book-to-bill on the quarter and 1.6x for the full year. As a result, the Group's backlog was up 40% in the past year. Technologies recorded a book-to-bill of 1 to 1 and within that group GDIT was 1.1x. We finished the quarter with a total backlog of $87.6 billion and total estimated contract value which includes options and IDIQ contracts of over $127 billion. That concludes my remarks. I'll turn it back over to Phebe to give you guidance for 2022 and wrap up remarks.
Jason Aiken: Yes, so as Phebe said, roughly $100 million increase in the Gulfstream R&D for 2022 as we continue to progress, as you'd expect to the flight test program on the G700. If you normalize for that delta, margins for next year would be roughly 14% for the Aerospace group. So that really does kind of answer the question on incremental margins I think from our perspective. Otherwise, we do continue to see, as you'd expect, the incremental profit from in-production airplanes 500 and 600 in particular, continuing to be additive to the group's margin. So …
Jason Aiken: So, as I said, we're looking without the R&D credit deferral, meaning assuming existing law persists, we'll be in the call at 100% plus conversion range. If the R&D credit is deferred -- current law is deferred, we're talking more in the 110% range. So that kind of gives you a size on what we're expecting.
Jason Aiken: And a little more color on that, George. I mean, just to think about it, obviously, we talked about, as Phebe said, fourth quarter certification and EIS of the 700. But there's also obviously with 2021, you have 500 -- excuse me, 550s that were delivered in the early part of the year that doesn't replicate. So, the incremental four is an offset of that decline as well as the test airplanes that Phebe mentioned that we delivered last year and some demonstrators, but otherwise steady increases in all of the in-production models, particularly 600 and 500. So, I think overall, if you look at in-production airplanes 650, 600 and 500, 280, we're looking at somewhere in the 15% year-over-year increase in production in those models. So that should give you some color on what's driving that increase.
Jason Aiken: Yes, I mean, I think you've got a lot of the basic building blocks, we probably have to compare spreadsheets to see what's driving the ultimate outcome. I think the single biggest issue is probably the period-to-period fluctuation in our net R&D expenditures, right, between supporting the development programs and the net offsets that we get from time-to-time from suppliers. As I mentioned before, we've got about $100 million increase in R&D from -- in '22, relative to '21. So that if you normalize for that you're up from 12 -- 12.7 in 2021 to 14% plus in 2022. There's other puts and takes within that, as you know, pricing is a little better, the improvements along the manufacturing lines for 500 and 600 continue to get better growth in service business, obviously, which continues a pace year-over-year, while at good margins does come at margins that are in an aggregate dilutive to the overall group margin and certainly to new aircraft production margins. And so that's really the story I think, in terms of the puts and takes going into 2022. I think we can get into your details or your question maybe after the fact on '23 and '24. But I think 200 basis points improvement in '23 and another 100 basis point in '24. That kind of gives you that trajectory that we've talked about for some time about returning to the mid to high teens margins for the group. When you combine that with pretty significant top line growth that Phebe described, I think it's a pretty -- I think it's a pretty compelling story.
Jason Aiken: Yes. I think on the Gulfstream side, while we are having, as Phebe mentioned, the ramp-up on the 700 and the prebuild on the 800, that's not a material impact that we see in terms of the headwind. Gulfstream wants to be a nice producer of cash again this year. Obviously, not quite to the extent that last year, we -- as we mentioned, we sold off the inventory, in particular, in the test airplanes. So, it won't have quite the trajectory it did last year, but it will still be a nice contributor on cash. So, don't see that as a headwind. On the international side, the international Canadian vehicle program we've talked about for some time remains on track. That program is in a great position, both in terms of the vehicle and the performance of the production line, and we continue to receive payments as scheduled for the renegotiated extension of that contract that occurred back in 2020. So, all in a good place in that regard.
Jason Aiken: Yes. The $1 billion that matures in November of this year is the only maturity this year. So, you've got that right. In terms of the longer term, we will obviously play that out as it goes. We've indicated that we have a reasonable debt laddered out over the next several years that offers us the opportunity to continue to step down the debt in, call it, $1 billion to $1.5 billion increments over time. That said, we've never indicated we were going to go back to the essentially zero net debt that we had before the CSRA acquisition. So somewhere in that period with flexibility remaining open, we will decide where the right point is to settle out on that. And frankly, if there's an overarching sort of guiding light that we have around that, it's continuing to target and try to sustain a mid-A credit rating. And obviously, there's a lot of factors that go into that, but that's really sort of the compass that we have around the debt trajectory.
Phebe Novakovic: Thanks, Jason. And with that, I will turn to your expectations for 2022. So let me provide our operating forecasts for '22 initially by business group and then a company-wide roll up. In Aerospace, we expect 2022 revenue to be around $8.4 billion, up around 4% over 2021 with about 123 deliveries, up from 119 last year. Operating margin will be around 4.8%. So, a little color here about what is driving this forecast. Well anticipated deliveries are up only 4 units from '21, production of completed aircraft is considerably more than in 2021. Last year, we produced fewer than 119 aircraft that were delivered. We delivered a number of test aircraft that were either produced and completed in prior periods as well as a few demonstrators all up about 11 aircraft. In 2022, production we are building some G700s and G800 test articles that will not deliver this year. Finally, our ability to ramp up further in '22 is limited by the wing supply issue I described earlier, which will be remedied for '23. This leads me to a quick look at '23 and '24. In 2023, we expect to deliver 148 airplanes, 25 more than in 2022 and have revenue of approximately $2 billion more than '22, with margin improvement around 200 basis points. In '24, we expect to deliver around 170 airplanes, up another 22 driving another $1.6 billion of revenue over '23 and another 100 basis points of margin growth. So, all up over that 2-year near-term timeframe, we expect to see $3.6 billion of revenue growth over '22 and 300 basis points of higher operating margins. Mind you, none of this is supported by heroic assumptions about continuing demand. We assume a book-to-bill of around 1 to 1 during the period, a notable reduction from this year's demand. If demand is greater, it will impact favorably '24 and '25. In short, we fully expect Aerospace to be a significant growth engine for both revenue and earnings in 2023 and 2024. In Combat Systems, we expect revenue in the range of $7.15 billion to $7.25 billion, a modest reduction against '21. We expect operating margin to be about the same at 14.5%. Growth should resume later in our planned period as developmental programs move into production and several anticipated international orders should be received. The Marine Group is expected to have revenue of approximately $10.8 billion, a $300 million increase over '21. Operating margin in '22 is anticipated to improve to around 8.6%. The long-term driver of growth here is submarine work, which will expand as the supply chain improves its efficiency and delivers modules to the Groton waterfront in a more timely fashion. Our biggest upside opportunity in this group is to increase margins in the period. We expect revenue in Technologies in the range of $12.8 billion to $13 billion. This is a growth of around 2.5% to 4.5%. We expect operating margins around 10%. So, for 2022, company-wide, we expect to see approximate $39.2 billion to $39.45 billion of revenue, and an operating margin of 10.8%. This all goes up to a forecast range of $12 to $12.15 per fully diluted share. On a quarterly basis, we expect EPS to play out much like it has in prior years, with Q1 about $2.45 and progressively stronger quarters thereafter. Let me emphasize that this forecast is purely from operations that assumes a 16% tax provision, and it seems we buy only enough shares to hold the share count steady with yearend figures so as to avoid dilution from option exercises. So much like last year, beating our EPS guidance must come from outperforming the operating plan, achieving a lower effective tax rate and the effective deployment of capital.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, for some time now, the Eastern European demand for combat vehicles has been at elevated level. But I have to tell you that speculation about the considerable tension in Eastern Europe and any subsequent impact on budgets is just still advised given the high threat environment. So, we are hopeful for a peaceful resolution. But that is a national security issue for the U.S and its allies.
Phebe Novakovic: Outsourcing, you sort of add a question given the problems in the supply chain on wings, which then drove us to internally source. And frankly, our wing production efficiency is not equal by any. This is just simply a question of expanding a wing facility just to touch and we need another set of tools. But we are very good at wing production. So, I think that that's a capability set that reduces a lot of risk and frankly, provides opportunity for the program.
Phebe Novakovic: Well R&D, we expect to be about $100 million for next year, but let Jason give you a little bit of color.
Phebe Novakovic: What we said I think is that we expected the certification in the fourth quarter with -- but I think the way I have, as I noted in my remarks, we're going to have some prebuild, about the 700s and the 800s, which we'll deliver shortly thereafter, the 700s little shortly thereafter the certification.
Phebe Novakovic: No, I don't think there was any particular driver. We have, I think three cancellations, but for no particular reason other than idiosyncratic customer issues.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we've enjoyed some pricing pressure or some pricing increases and that's all good and wholesome, and we are quite comfortable where prices are. And our lead times within all production aircraft are well within the 24 or 18 months -- more than 18 months to 24 in that range that we like to see.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, so just to give you a little bit of background there, the 600 were the parade in the fourth quarter, followed by the 650 and the 500. The 600 margins are obviously quite nice and 500 are improving. And of course, 600, we've always enjoyed good or 650, we've always enjoyed good margins. So, we're seeing some very nice operating margins at the gross margins at the airplane level.
Phebe Novakovic: So, let me go group by group. In Combat, we haven't had seen any particular supply chain issues. At Gulfstream, we've managed the supply chain, and I think they were benefited by our reduction in production last year. So, we're quite comfortable with where they are. We reported pretty fulsomely on the Mission Systems challenges that they had with chip shortages and other key product material. And Electric Boat, in particular, we've seen some challenges in the submarine supply chain, largely manifests in Virginia scheduled variants. So, we’ve pretty widely reported that, but we're continuing to work with the Navy and to kind of shore up that supply chain, so we can get normalized Virginia schedules.
Phebe Novakovic: No, we haven't. And as I said, 18 to 24, but 24 is only a handful of cases. But we haven't had any customers say well, I'll go elsewhere, because we're in the backlog, I'm going to go elsewhere cancel my order because I want my airplane faster. And frankly, we're ramping up production to accommodate that demand, that backlog and what we see is a nice solid demand going forward. So, we're quite comfortable where we are in our lead times.
Phebe Novakovic: Well with respect to labor, we've seen some wage increases in engineering forced at Gulfstream, but we have covered those with some increasing prices to offset that. But we don't see any labor issues with respect to the delivery of these airplanes. And as I say the supply chain has been pretty stable here .
Phebe Novakovic: So, GDIT, particularly in the tech industry, any company that got large exposure to tech here, experts has certainly have their challenges and mobility, but I will say GDIT is holding up very nicely, attrition is at pre-pandemic levels. So, we're holding our own, but very mindful, this is a valuable workforce and coveted by many.
Phebe Novakovic: So, one thing that Gulfstream -- one of the many things that Gulfstream has been quite good at is managing its operations and having very strong operating leverage. And we have brought the supply chain along with us. So, all of our estimates that we're giving you fully accounting for what we expect the supply chain to be able to manage as well as our own operations. So, we're quite comfortable that we do not have an operating challenge.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we have worked for many years with our state and local governments to provide them pretty robust training programs that are still up and running. We are hiring this year at an accelerated rate over what we had anticipated, largely because of the backlog. In terms of hiring in COVID, obviously constrained. These are hiring levels for '22 at levels we have seen before and executed before. So, the question is all about the efficiency of your training programs. And we're pretty comfortable that once we get these people in the door, we can get them trained and have them go as new shipbuilders. They've got learning curves, obviously, as they get more proficient and become veterans, but we factored all of that in our thinking.
Phebe Novakovic: So, to give you a little bit of additional color on that, demand was quite good in the United States and also increased throughout the rest of the world we saw as we had begun to see earlier, a return to the Fortune 500 as well as private companies as well as smaller companies. So, it's pretty robust across the portfolio and the kinds of both individuals that we see, but also companies that we see. But I don't see any structural change here, if that's kind of what you're poking at in terms of .
Phebe Novakovic: So, I'll answer those in the inverse order, almost negligible CapEx. So, this is just simply a timing of -- timing issue of expanding an existing building somewhat and getting in place the tools and fixtures to effectuate the increased production. On the service side, we expect '22 to see some nice service growth at Gulfstream as well as Jet Aviation which have a nice year as well. And we expect service volume quite naturally to grow with the expanding fleet. And we have included those assumptions on a going forward basis.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, so think about it this way. What I wanted to explain is that the guidance that we are giving you for '23 and '24, was based on a 1 to 1 book-to-bill. Clearly, if it's better than that, we'll increase production accordingly. But for planning purposes, that's what we have assumed and I think that's prudent planning.
Phebe Novakovic: So, let's talk about Marine. We have for some time said that we expected revenue growth in the $400 million to $500 million range. We still expect that. Next year is a little bit later, a $300 million increase and that's largely just workload timing. When I go to Combat -- so I think what we are anticipating is some decrease in pressure on the army budget. Look, we're  in '23, in particular, so we're pretty early on in the budget for that fiscal year. We don't have full OMB or tax back. But I think that the pressures on the army budget have been very well articulated. And while we expect that ultimately the funding levels for our platform programs will be sufficient and relatively stable, we will see some rather dramatic drop offs in O&M funded accounts, like maintenance, for example. So, we are factoring all of that into what I see is that increased army pressure. We're factoring all of that into our estimate for between 1% and 3% lower growth this year, but we anticipate growth returning as a number of these international orders come in a couple of years as well as new army start. So, I think we have given you a balanced and realistic view of combat.
Phebe Novakovic: So, for this particular CR, given our portfolio and the prior year funding levels, we don't see a material impact of all, almost nothing.
Phebe Novakovic: So, we've been talking to our navy customer and clearly, some investments would be required. But I think, too, at the moment, we need to get the supply chain stabilized on the two-a-year cadence before we actually think about really ramping up to three. It is doable. We just need some time for that supply chain to adjust from the ravages of COVID.
Phebe Novakovic: Those are largely new work in the $32 billion and the customer adjudicates that as they get to it. But I think we've recognized as well that not only is the customer decision cycle, but it's also their protests that affect the timing of any of these wins, and they're significant.
