Jason W. Aiken: As Phebe discussed, starting in the second quarter, we'll report the two IS&T businesses, Mission Systems and GDIT, separately. To give you a sense of how to think about that, let me start with how those businesses comprise the original guidance we gave you for IS&T for the year. For the full year, we expected IS&T revenue in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.4 billion, with a margin rate of around 11%. Mission Systems represents slightly more than half of those revenues, between $4.8 billion and $4.9 billion, while GDIT is approximately $4.5 billion of that forecast. From a margin perspective, you can think about Mission Systems in the 13% to 14% range and GDIT in the high single-digit range, around 8%. So with that as a baseline, how does CSRA impact GDIT for the year? We closed the transaction on April 3, so we'll have three quarters of the year with the combined company. We expect that to add approximately $3.6 billion in sales for the year. The impact of the combined GDIT margins and the company's bottom line EPS will depend on the outcome of our purchase price allocation to intangible assets and the resulting amortization, which we'll have a better sense of this quarter and report to you on our second quarter call. But at a macro level, we expect that after the one-time charge associated with the cost to compete this transaction, which will be approximately $80 million and be taken as a discrete item in the second quarter, CSRA will be breakeven to slightly accretive to our GAAP earnings per-share starting in the third quarter.
Jason W. Aiken: Thanks, Phebe, and good morning. First, a couple points on the income statement, starting with interest expense. Net interest expense in the quarter was $27 million versus $25 million in the first quarter of 2017. The increase was due to the slightly higher interest rate on the debt we refinanced late last year. You'll note we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion of commercial paper outstanding in addition to the $4 billion of fixed-rate notes we had at the end of the year. That CP was drawn in anticipation of the CSRA acquisition. We had other expense in the quarter of $21 million compared with $11 million in the first quarter of last year. This reflects the adoption of a new accounting standard that Phebe alluded to, ASU 2017-07, which requires us to report the non-service cost portion of our pension expense in other income and expense. That's what you see reflected in the quarter, and the 2017 numbers have been adjusted for a comparable reporting. This new rule is nothing more than a modification to the geography of our pension income and expense on the income statement, no impact to the aggregate amount of income or expense. One more point on the subject of pensions, we noted on our fourth quarter earnings call that we were considering making additional pension contributions this year in light of the benefits afforded by the recent tax reform. After finalizing this analysis, we are now planning to make approximately $550 million in pension contributions this year, up from our original plan of $300 million. That $250 million increase will, of course, impact our operating cash forecast, which I'll touch on in just a minute. But before I go there, one more point on the income statement, our effective tax rate was 16.8% for the quarter. While our full-year tax rate guidance was 19%, the lower first quarter rate was anticipated in that guidance based on the timing of divesting of our restricted stock and the associated tax benefit. So the lower rate in the quarter is consistent with our full-year tax rate forecast, which remains unchanged at 19%. Of course, with the lower first quarter rate, you can impute a slightly higher than 19% rate for the balance of the year to end up with 19% for the full year. On the capital deployment front, we paid $250 million in dividends and spent just shy of $270 million to repurchase 1.2 million shares of our common stock in the quarter. We plan to acquire enough shares in 2018 to hold our share count steady. Otherwise, we anticipate deploying our remaining free cash flow to pay down our short-term borrowings used to acquire CSRA. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $4.3 billion on the balance sheet and a net debt position of $2.1 billion, including the $2.5 billion of commercial paper I mentioned earlier. On the subject of cash, our operating activities used cash of roughly $500 million in the quarter. This reflects the timing of payments from customers and two suppliers and doesn't affect our full-year outlook for cash from operations, which remains unchanged but for the additional pension contributions I discussed earlier, and of course, the addition of CSRA, which we'll give you more granular sense of when we update our full-year guidance in July. Howard, that concludes my remarks. I'll turn it back over to you for the Q&A.
Jason W. Aiken: There are actually a couple of moving parts in the there. First, we do have, and I believe we've discussed before a little bit of OCI business that we've got to divest of, and we're in the process of making that happen now. So that will take a little bit out of the top line number you're referring to. The other element of it is, of course, CSRA was on a fiscal year ending March 31. So if you look at the pattern of their revenue, it was at its peak in their fourth quarter. So when we talked about the first full year of guidance and they talked about their next year's guidance, that went the nine months of this year that we'll have them plus the first quarter of next year. So when you normalize for that seasonality in their revenue curve, the numbers we're projecting are right on with the previous estimates you heard from them.
Jason W. Aiken: Okay. So I think the bottom line is with respect to the cash in the quarter, as you pointed out, it's a variety of the working capital accounts, but it really is nothing more than timing. It's payments from customers and payments to suppliers that, frankly, was largely profiled for the quarter. We anticipated a softer first quarter this year within the forecast we originally gave you. Part of that is the continued build at Gulfstream. But again, nothing outsized or outside of our original plans. So all of that is par for the course and everything we expected in the first three months of the year. We did have a billing system implementation in a business unit that had caused a catch-up, and that has already been caught up in the month of April, so we're back on track there. So I feel very good about the cash forecast we gave you. As it relates to pension contributions, we really don't think about it in this point in terms of free cash flow conversion as a percent of net income. Because as we talked about, that's a metric. That 100% number is a metric that it's interesting to talk about. But in a period of growth and investment in the company, I think it's more constructive to talk about the strength of our operating cash conversion and then how we're going to deploy operating cash for the growth of the company. So as I said, everything remains consistent with our original plan from an operating cash generation standpoint. CSRA will contribute nicely to that. There's a number of factors that obviously have to be finalized. We've had that business now closed for about three weeks, so we're still closing the books on their fiscal 2018 and working out the finer details of the implications of that for the year. But I think suffice it to say right now, the cash accretion we anticipate from CSRA is looking to be better than what we modeled in our valuation and deal forecast when we came through due diligence. So I feel bullish about the contribution they'll make for us this year.
Jason W. Aiken: And as it relates to your question on interest expense, that's one of the moving parts that we have to pin down. We obviously haven't gone to the market for that yet. That will occur next month. And once we do that, that will be part of the factors that will allow us to give you a more granular sense of the bottom-line impact of the deal. Right now, what we're seeing in terms of our pulse of the market and the rates we're seeing out there, it's all consistent and well within the parameters we established when we priced the deal. So we're very comfortable with where that is right now.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Thanks, Jason. Finally, let's turn to Marine Systems. Revenue of $2.03 billion was up $100 million or 5.2% against the year-ago quarter. Importantly, revenue was up in each of the three shipyards. Earnings were $184 million, a $23 million or 14.3% increase against the first quarter 2017. Just like the revenue story, earnings were up in all three shipyards. The earnings performance was driven by a 9% operating margin, a 70 basis point improvement over first quarter 2017. Sequentially, revenue was down $26 million or 1.3%, but earnings were up $17 million, a strong 10.2% on a 90 basis point improvement in operating margin. The backlog story here is very strong. Total backlog at $23.8 billion is down $451 million sequentially, but funded backlog is up over $2.4 billion. This is on the strength of $1.6 billion in orders in the quarter. Electric Boat is continuing to work on its 27th Virginia-class submarine, and we are deep into the final engineering phase on the Columbia ballistic-missile submarine. We began material purchases early this year to support construction on the first ship for Columbia, forecast to begin full construction in 2020. Bath is working down its learning curve on the restart DDG-51s and delivered the second DDG-1000 yesterday. The last of the three DDG-1000s delivers in 2020. NASSCO continues its strong performance on each of its class of Navy and commercial ships. So the company is off to a very good start to the year, somewhat ahead of our expectations. The first quarter should be received as a constructive building block to a good year. We do not as a practice change guidance of the end of the first quarter. It is our practice to give you a full review of our expectations at the midpoint of the year. Suffice it to say that we are a bit ahead of the operating plan upon which our guidance was based. As always, we will work to consolidate our improvement and strive to continue to improve our results. I'd now like to turn the call back to Jason for additional remarks about taxes, pension, and cash.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so the margins in the quarter were driven by a couple of things, productivity in our large cabins. We had improved margin in our services due to mix at Gulfstream, and net R&D was down somewhat sequentially from fourth quarter of 2017.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Actually, given that we're so close to our customer, we had anticipated their funding increases, both in the readiness counts, which we see in our OTS munitions line, and then upgrades to our major platforms, Stryker and Abrams. So there was no particular surprise in 2018 beyond what we had anticipated. We get insight into the budget deliberations relatively early on and had planned accordingly. So Stryker and Abrams in particular are doing quite well, and we're nicely funded in the budget and consistent with what we anticipated, so no real surprises, which is exactly what you want.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We're not changing in the midst of our build plan at all. We have exactly the same number of G650s that we had anticipated. We're not moving off of our deliveries. We'll be right in that range, maybe one or two, depending on customer preferences. The G500, the couple of month delay we've had in certification from our original estimate has really had no – zero impact on our deliveries forecast for 2018.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So the demand in Gulfstream is quite nice, and I think you quite accurately posited that tax reform has certainly helped. We have very strong order activity in North America and increasingly strong in Europe, by the way. But we attribute our North American order activity to a number of factors, our long-term customers replenishing their fleet as well as the incremental benefit to cash flow from tax reform; so frankly, all salutary impact for us.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Remember, one of our rationales for both liking IT services and buying CSRA is that IT services companies have very strong cash conversion, and CSRA will add nicely to it.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We've had very few issues with any of our key suppliers. I will not discuss our suppliers' supply chain. I think you got some color on that from the UTC call yesterday, but our suppliers have done a good job managing their supply chain and will continue to do that. So frankly, our supply chain is geared up nicely to support our expected deliveries on our new airplanes as well as continue to perform on our existing air fleet.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, we are. We're going to enter into service, as I told you, on the G500, and the G600 to follow not long thereafter, and the supply chain supports that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. So the margin performance on the DDG-1000 program has been quite nice, with excellent ship-over-ship learning. Our performance on the restart, starting with the DDG-116, has proceeded according to our plan, and we are continuing to see learning and improvements on hull-over-hull. And we have a number of Flight IIAs still in the queue. Our work on the Flight III, which we got appropriated and contracted with us late last year, continues to go very well. We're in detailed design and the early stages of the manufacturing work papers. And again, our learning on the hull continues nicely apace. So that shipyard has had some issues, which we've talked about in the past. But we are comfortable that is largely behind us, and we're going to continue to do well as we go forward on what are really legacy platforms for us after we got that line restarted from a dead stop.
Phebe N. Novakovic: That's going to be a complicated question because you've got an increased mix in Columbia, which will be cost-plus through the duration of our plan period and then into the next as we move from our engineering and detailed design into the early phases of construction and full weight (36:05) construction. So our margins are going to bop around, and I'd say anywhere between the 8% and 10% on any given quarter, depending on the mix of Columbia. It's a cost-plus work in the middle of it. So that rather dwarfs incremental improvement. That said, we expect our shipyards to get better quarter after quarter, and Bath is doing precisely that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay, so look, as our fleet has grown and flying hours have increased, it is incumbent upon us to increase our services to our customers. Our customers expect Gulfstream service and the excellence implied with Gulfstream service, and we're delivering it. So we anticipate continued growth in that market as our fleet increases. And frankly, while on any given quarter, the service margins – let's just talk about Gulfstream for a second – may be slightly dilutive to new airplane margins, they are very fulsome. And the margins at service really depend on a number of things, the loading at the service centers and the mix. So it tends to move around a fair amount, but we really like this business. And it's key to continuing to satisfy our customer needs. So we're going to expand it and expand it accordingly. With respect to Jet Aviation, we have added service capacity, again to support Gulfstream's expanded footprint, particularly outside the United States, where Gulfstream doesn't have an existing capability. So in the case of the Hawker acquisition, we added six FBOs, 14 maintenance facilities, and over 400,000 square feet of hangar space. So again, this is all in an attempt to support Gulfstream sales as our fleet increases, and I think we're doing that quite nicely and quite deliberatively. By the way, this aircraft services business is a relatively low-risk business. And if you think about Jet Aviation, I like our service business because it is low risk and very nice margins and great cash flow, so all good from that perspective.
Phebe N. Novakovic: In neither instance. Look, I don't pay much attention to other people's airplanes, but the G650 sales have been very fulsome. We continue to anticipate that that airplane will sell. It has an important market that frankly can't be satisfied by any other airplane in terms of speed and range and the success of that platform. And the G600 is in a completely different market space. So we think as we designed these airplanes and thought about the replacement of our legacy G450 and G550, each one of these airplanes fits a very different kind of mission. So we think this is all additive and not an issue for the G650.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I do. Recall, however, that we were going to, as we feathered in G650 deliveries to cover the decrease in the G450 and the elimination of the G450 line and then low rate production on the G550, we will begin to take a few out over the next few years on a general float, consistent with what we told you I think at your conference two years ago.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Frankly, I don't look at anybody else's airplanes because it's our business to sell our airplane into our market, and we've been very successful at that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Wow, you have an airplane that has been in service now since 2012. That's five years. We have 400 in service now, and nobody else is a competitor airplane. And it remains to be seen whether the Global 7000 is an issue at all for Gulfstream, but we have not lost a single sale to date to the Global 7000. So again, I think you all can worry about that to your hearts' content. But the fact of the matter is this is a very, very effective airplane with a capability set in range and speed that has proven unequal. So we worry about what we control and what we see, so all good for the G650.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. CSRA won the milCloud contract and anticipates teaming with a number of our traditional teammates as we look at JEDI. But milCloud will have to be an important part of whatever happens with conversion of the overarching DOD network. So we're comfortable where we are. We've got strong partnerships in place from our folks who live in the IT services business today and some non-traditional. By the way, the "non-traditional" guys have been with us for years, so I see this as well within our normal experience set. But we'll see, we'll see as it all comes out. I think the contract is due out sometime in the next couple of months, and we'll see how all that shakes out.
