Jay L. Johnson: Well, I think I've been fairly consistent in saying that one of the things we're trying to do right now is shepherd our cash, and I'm trying to provide my successor with as much cash as I can. So why the acquisitions? I said before, and I'll repeat it here, that we always are looking for acquisitions that make sense for our businesses. And when you take a longer view of what these acquisitions can provide, it takes you through the trough we're dealing with here into another space where we believe these things, as I said in my remarks, will give us significant opportunities. They weren't -- they were priced right when they come to market. You got to take them if you want to build that business, and that's exactly what we did in all 4 cases. So it's setting them up for longer-term opportunities, and we felt that was appropriate.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, maybe, maybe not, or they may not have been there. So they made sense for us at the time and we took them with no apologies.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay. The latter first. As I said, we're fairly confident -- well, let me back up. The ECP1, as it is called, which I alluded to in my remarks, the long-term Abrams R&D contract, was very important to lock down, if you will, the long view on the Abrams. So we'll be working that on the engineering development side as we approach the 2017 time frame. But in the interim, as I said, it's really important to keep that facility in the industrial base intact, if you will. The 2012 budget supports Abrams through 2013, and what we believe will come out of the 2013 budget will push that out, at least, another year. That's kind of -- so are we taking it a year at a time in this instance? Absolutely. But we're all sight-lining to the 2017 longer view. So we're confident with the support we have, and so that will work itself out here in the coming months, okay? In addition to that, and recall I believe we've talked about this before, but we have international work that also will reside at that facility with the Moroccan tanks, which we expect the order by the end of the year or shortly thereafter, and we've got the Israel Namer Merkava hulls. We've got the Egyptian kits. So we've got a number of international programs that work through that facility as well. So our view is that, that we're getting the requisite support we need, and we'll do everything we can to keep that facility very functional for, as we've discussed many times, it's actually more about the supply chain than it is about General Dynamics with the 560-some suppliers that are tied to the Lima facility that we cannot afford to lose. So that, I think, perhaps answers the tank. The Vangent beneficiary call center, I believe I'm correct here, and Amy nods her head, that this will take place now next year. So we continue to work, we continue to execute, but the contract recompete will be at some point in 2013, which is a change. They pushed it out, but we continue to work since we're the incumbent.
Jay L. Johnson: I mean, I guess, my answer, serious answer would be kind of all of the above. But we have -- as I mentioned, we continue to take orders for the 650. We're working through the production side now to get entry into service in the coming weeks. So we're hitting our battle rhythm or our flow, if you will. And as I said many times, the production, the delivery schedule, if you will, of record has 24 green deliveries this year and adding nominally 10 to 15 a year for the next few years with completion deliveries at 17, 33 and 33. Now I've just mentioned the 17 will change a little bit because of the lateness of the type certification. But nonetheless, the point is, that's the program of record, if you will. To change that, to wick it up, based on the demand, based on the 5-year backlog is certainly something we are desirous of doing, but we're not going to turn the rheostat up until we've hit, as I call it, our battle rhythm, and we're just not there yet.
Jay L. Johnson: I mean, my view of that is probably if you look at what we've got now and the work that's taking place to complete the airplanes that have been green delivered and to get the flow going, okay, because of the late type certification, my sense of that is it will take probably another year or so to work that flow out smoothly and then, again, hit what I would call a steady production rate that's -- that then is capable of being accelerated.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I mean, look, I'm not going to try to project the 2013 plan for Combat because we -- that's what's being worked right now as is our methodology every year. But the comment I'd make ties back to what we were talking about earlier with Abrams. We've got -- we know domestically, and I mentioned this in my remarks, what's the size and shape of the force ultimately going to be as things get re-cocked here as a function of the Afghanistan return and the reshape based on sequestration or no, and all of these things get sorted out. So how that force shapes itself will have impact on Combat quite obviously. So domestically, it comes down to the Stryker, which we talked about. Abrams, which we've talked about. It comes down to ground combat vehicle. It comes down to AMPV replacements, things like that, that will -- were an integral part of either competing for or are already doing all of those things. How that shapes itself is yet to be determined. We're confident in the longer view, as I said earlier, on Abrams. Stryker, we've got work to do, but we're very encouraged by the exchange program of the double-Vs, as I mentioned in my remarks. And we're fairly confident that they're going to continue converting -- we will continue converting flat bottoms to double-Vs. But the long-term opportunity on the domestic side will become more granular, I would say, frankly, within the next 6 to 8 months as we determine what's going to happen at the end of the year or the start of 2013. The international space, though, is really significant business for us. And as you've heard me say before, the projections there increased that as a part of combat's portfolio going forward. Both tanks, Light Armored Vehicles -- and those are the 2 primary movers, no pun intended, but we've got between the Middle East, Morocco, Israel, the Canadian LAV program, there's significant opportunities there for us going forward. So combat's going to have, as I mentioned before, we're integral to the force. We'll stay integral to the force. Exactly how that shapes itself will be determined, I think, in the coming months and year.
Jay L. Johnson: Sure, yes. I mean it won't be 17. It will be slightly less than that, but yes, we will have 650s delivered here within the next few weeks. I think the first 2 pilot classes, or the first 1 for sure is done. So then you have to go -- there's more to do with the FAA, you got to get certificate of airworthiness for each of the aircraft. So we're marching along smartly, but yes, indeed, we'll be delivering aircraft here within weeks. Anxious to do it.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I think my answer to the latter is, I think, it was about the same, pretty nominally close at least. That's off the top of my head, George. Your R&D question, it's interesting. If I look at the stream of R&D at Gulfstream across the year, it sounds like the way I described the backlog at the Marine group. It's very lumpy, and that's exactly what this is. And, oh, by the way, it just happens that the year-ago quarter and the sequential quarter were the lumpiest. So it just -- what can I do? That's just the way it hit. And almost by a factor of like 3.5 or 4:1. So it just -- that really is it. I mean, the margin impact derives -- there's a little bit, as I think I said in my remarks, that you could attribute to jet absorption costs but -- and some for liquidated damages, but that's in the noise, quite honestly. It really is the R&D and it's purely a function of the comparators.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I mean, I'll put it this way, and you know I always -- I look at it in backlog months as you just described. And we really are kind of closer to the 18 side of it right now. But I'm not that concerned, I'm not concerned at all about that, but it's interesting. We expect, as I mentioned in my remarks, back to my favorite word today, lumpy, but we expect some multi-aircraft orders that were there last year about this time that haven't manifested themselves this year at this time, which will help put that backlog out even further. But I'm very comfortable kind at the 18-month point right now. And we're selling the mix of aircraft. I mentioned this was a great orders quarter for us, the mix of aircraft covered the spectrum of all of them, really, but almost equally weighted in the 450, 550, 650, 280, and a little lighter on the 150. So that's a good story as far as I'm concerned.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I mean, North America has been very -- is very strong this year. And we're at about -- let me, okay, we're at about 59%, I believe I said, of the backlog for this year-to-date is North American. So the pent-up demand in North America is being serviced. Within that, I should add, consistent with earlier comments I've made, that the Fortune 500, as part of that, is back, which is, I think, very good for everyone. We are seeing internationally, if you look at the whole backlog, backlog writ large, it's still about 60% international, okay? I was talking about 2012's inject into that. 60% international, but it's fair to say that we're seeing, not surprisingly, less activity in Europe and less activity in Asia Pacific believing that to be, frankly, I think, tied to things like the government transition in China and just some slowness in bringing orders to the fore. We anticipate, as I said in my remarks, getting several multi-aircraft orders out of the international space in the coming months. So the dialogue and the interest level is still there. It's the translation into orders that's not occurring. And as I think, maybe we mentioned in the last call, there's also -- in the financing world, there seems to be more of a requirement, if you're going to finance your aircraft, that you have to get the financing locked in before you order the aircraft, which wasn't the case in earlier times. So that's going to -- those are the big points.
Jay L. Johnson: I wouldn't even place that bet with your money, Ron. You just -- I mean, there is no one on earth who can answer that question with any precision right now. As I mentioned in my remarks, there's a lot of activity and chatter and handwringing and concern and angst, you pick the word, but until we sit down as a government and decide we're going to solve this before the 2nd of January, 2013, it's the law of the land, and it will execute. So planning for that is very difficult, as I mentioned. So our team, I'm sure, is working with Phebe to develop the plan for 2013 based on all the information we have at our disposal. And then you have to be prepared, I think, to be able to stay agile enough to re-cock if you have to. And what that means right now, nobody really knows. So you've heard me talking, I think I said it in my remarks this morning, it's still about, for us, you prepare for that strange outcome that nobody can define just a few months ahead by staying agile, staying lean, cutting cost and not losing your discipline in terms of your ability to execute. And then you're as prepared as anybody can be, and that's what we are.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, the write-down didn't have to do with a specific program, if that's what you're alluding to. I mean it was -- we're moving out of that commoditized, ruggedized computer business and putting our efforts where it makes more sense for our customers right now. That was a business that was driven by price with lots of big competitors and frankly, it's not a space we need to stay in. That's what that was all about. The top line impact of all of that, I think, been reflected in our results over the last year or so. So I don't see any strategic shift other than what I've just described there.
Jay L. Johnson: I'm smiling because I wish it were so in terms of the predictability of the supplier launch assistance, as we call it, but it isn't really that predictable. So I don't have a stream I can give you except to say that our R&D investment is, as you well know, is constant and committed, and they feed into that at varying intervals and we just saw 2 big lumps, the comparators this time. But I don't have a stream out ahead of me that I can describe for you today. There will be more, obviously, as we go, and we're always in product development. So targeting 2% to 3% of Gulfstream sales and -- as our benchmark.
Jay L. Johnson: No. Well, first of all, we haven't -- we're not giving 2013 guidance. But in general terms to your point, we're not going to keep producing airplanes if we don't have the demand for them. I mean, we believe the demand will be there, and so we rate to that. But we don't keep the rate going if the demand isn't there. So but I'm very confident in both the 450 and the 550. I'd say 2013 looks pretty good. I'm just not prepared, and it's not fair, frankly, to Phebe, for me to say, Well, here's what I think it's going to be in numbers. We're just not there yet. But I anticipate -- when I listen to the earnings call next time, I anticipate hearing that the Gulfstream projection is a good one.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, let's take a whack at it this way, Heidi. We've got -- the most impact we're seeing right now is in the short cycle businesses, a.k.a. IS&T. That's a blinding flash of the obvious. But in point of fact, within that, you recall earlier discussions, we talked about the mix within IS&T, and the service mix has increased from, my memory thinks maybe it was in the 20%, 20s back some couple 3 years ago is now almost half of IS&T's business. So there's a margin reality that's attached to that. Oh, by the way, our IS&T folks in that space have done a tremendous job of executing at good profitability. But that's a reality that's there, okay? There's more service work. The tactical communications business, which is significant for us, most out of our C4 Systems business, I alluded to it I think once or twice in my remarks, but what we're seeing there now, all of a -- not all of a sudden, we're finally getting the volume coming back to us, but the mix within that volume is less on the higher margin encryption type products and more on more moderate margin things. But we do have the franchise programs in there. WIN-T and JTRS, which have taken perhaps longer than originally anticipated. But in both cases, those franchise programs are building now and, within the next year, will build even further. So we're very encouraged for that, and that will be significant business going forward for C4 Systems, but for IS&T and General Dynamics. So we've had -- we've seen award delays, I've talked about that. We've seen descoping. We've seen a lot of the lowest price technically acceptable, which is, in Jay Johnson's opinion, not very helpful to anybody in the long term, but -- and then we've seen increased competition. So those are all factors that are upon the IS&T world. The long-term view for IS&T, for us, is a very healthy one. They are just a short-cycle business, the most impacted by kind of where we are in the world right now, dealing with what's right ahead of us in the next 6 months.
