Jay L. Johnson: Okay, be happy to. We did -- let me say it this way. We believe the second-half order activity will be stronger, as I said in my remarks. Example, let me just talk to demographics: 60% of our first quarter -- our first-half orders came from North America. Within that set, we had several, shall we say, multi-aircraft fleet buys, if you will, that moved out of the quarter; not off the page, just out of the quarter. And we anticipate those to be with us in the order book before the end of the year. And really, that probably had as much to do with North America with the order circumstance, if you will, as anything. So last year, just to further comment on North America, last year, at the midyear, about 28% as I recall, of our orders were North American. And as I said before, 60% this year. So the North American market, at large, is becoming a bigger part of our order book, which we like a lot. Conversely, we saw great softness in Europe, not unexpected by anyone and some in Asia, which frankly, we attribute at this stage more to timing than anything. What does that mean? That means, this year -- I don't have the exact percentage in my head, but last year's midyear order book was like 49% Asia Pacific and this year it was down in the high teens, as I recall. So there has been some cooling, as I said in my remarks. But again, we had a lot of fleet activity last year that hasn't manifested itself yet this year, but because of ongoing discussions, et cetera, we have -- we believe that there will be more activity coming out of Asia in the second half is probably the cleanest way to say it.
Jay L. Johnson: Probably not. Remember, too, Myles, in my -- as I said in my remarks, the 1:1 book-to-bill is going to be challenged right now because we're working off the 650 backlog. So I look, primarily, at what my delivery window is and I'm still very comfortable today in the 18- to 24-month for the 450 and the 550, and as I said, well out in excess of that for the 650. So I think that answers your question.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay. I don't really have a comment on TAPV, Noah. I don't know, I mean. But I wish them well and I would say that we are in the hunt to compete for the CCV and we're already in execution on $1 billion of the LAV III upgrades with the Canadian DND so we've got plenty work to do, and we see more work out ahead. In terms of WIN-T, look, it's the stated #1 priority for our Army customer. So in macro terms, we feel very good about WIN-T and the performance of our pieces based on the NIE 12.2 are very encouraging. So it's back to my T word -- my T word, which is timing and we anticipate getting awards in the second half of this year. We just don't have them yet, okay? We expect a full rate production decision, I think, it's in September, either late August or September. So best we can tell that's still on track, but it hasn't, obviously, come yet. But we are very pleased and I believe the Army customer is very pleased with the performance of our pieces of WIN-T.
Jay L. Johnson: None that I'm aware of. Honestly, I -- and I may be -- I don't want to presume to speak for the Army customer here, but maybe I will a little bit and my -- I'll just give you my impression of some of this, is that they're trying to align all of these programs, WIN-T and JTRS, into the NIE sequence and those don’t happen but every so often. So I think, honestly, that's caused some of the delay in some of the award activity. That's the best -- my best sense of it.
Jay L. Johnson: The way I characterize it, Rich, is that the large-cabin pricing is very resilient and the mid-cabin pricing, I think this is industry-wide, is very competitive, and shall we say, less resilient.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, our services business has been -- they've done pretty well in what I consider a really tough environment. Good award activity in the quarter, I think I mentioned that, but -- and we've got probably about -- I think I've got about 45% to 47% of our IS&T sales are coming out of services now. About 21 or 22% of that out of what I call pure IT services and then probably another 25% coming out of engineering services, but that segment has been pressured for 18 to 24 months now. But I'd say, as I started this answer, again, we're competing very well in a tough environment. We are seeing some of the awards move to the right. We are seeing some down-scoping or re-scoping of those awards, but we're maintaining our capture rates and I think we're very competitive. You've got, in addition to that, the lowest-priced technically acceptable reality, which I think we've talked about before that's out there, that puts a lot of pressure on the system. So in a pretty decent catfight, I think our IT services business is doing very well.
Jay L. Johnson: Sure, sure. They're looking at that all, in doing that, all of them. It's interesting, the consolidations and the re-scoping and the reshaping that I mentioned in my remarks, I mean that is a reality across all of our businesses right now as they deal with the realities of the defense market that has taken a $487 billion reduction across the 10 years and that doesn't even get into the sequestration discussion, so that's just good business. So as I've always said, we manage for profitability. We are doing that right now in all of these businesses.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, okay. Howard, thanks. The 650 certification, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're getting very close to completion of the flight test activity. That'll conclude here very shortly. Once that occurs, then it becomes a matter of putting it all together, my word, not probably the proper word, administratively, if you will, in laying all that out and then getting with -- working with the FAA to get yourself to an agreed-upon time to execute the type certification. We're on track for that. I have no indication that we're not. So I'm getting excited about it actually. I try to throttle myself back, but that's on track. Once that happens and as that happens, okay, once the flying's done, then we'll -- they'll start training the crews for the aircraft to be delivered, et cetera, as we had talked before. And you'll see then entry into service within a matter, I should think, of weeks after the type certification occurs. So we're marching down that time line very aggressively and visibly, I would add. They're doing lots of flying right now, but we're almost done with it. The service business, Howard, I mentioned, I think, the service business was up like up 5% for the first half. I would expect it to probably stay kind of flat for the rest of the year. I don't -- and why do I say that? Because the lack of activity, for example, that we're seeing in Europe right now, I don't see that getting any better for the rest of the year. It's causing us to have to reshape our European business somewhat at Jet, as I mentioned earlier. So the service business is doing fine, but I don't expect it to outperform the first half in the second half. I'd love to be pleasantly surprised on that, but I just don't see it right now. And we measure that in lots of different ways, not the least of which is looking at what visibility our service centers have on their order books and it's still pretty close aboard. Not a lot of long-term appointments for discretionary repair and upgrade. So it's still a very strong business for us, but I don't see much more than flat for the rest of the year.
Jay L. Johnson: Wow. Let me just put it in macro terms, Mike. I mean in IS&T space, as you know, we have thousands of contracts in the year. I would characterize the order activity as being quite healthy actually, okay? We don't quantify it inside of that because it's just, like I've said, they're just flat; too many moving parts. But we anticipate the funnel is still there and the funnel will need to get serviced. So as I said earlier, the order activity in IS&T, we anticipate to be fairly respectful and ending the year at probably 1x, which it needs to do. And you know in that short cycle business, they got to turn inside themselves at least inside the year. So that part is good. Where we're seeing the challenge right now, as I've mentioned, is in the actual converting that into -- converting orders into sales and execution, and we're working very hard with our customers to get the appropriated funds obligated and to execute the 2012 plan.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes, I mean, I think I expect Combats' bookings to improve. I think I may have mentioned that. Marine, not much, but remember -- remember, Marine is very lumpy. So we'll get Marine orders in big slugs. We'll work them off, which we're doing right now and then we'll get another big slug. I'm not worried in the least about Marine. And then IS&T, as I said, it's got to turn itself inside the year and we anticipate, based on the funnel we see out there, still being close to 1:1 for the year. So I think -- I hope that's responsive.
Jay L. Johnson: I wouldn't say it's a switch to service. I would say that we're adding service to a very robust platform portfolio, and the repair business is a wonderful thing to be in for the United States Navy with its global fleet. So we're trying to enhance our repair opportunities and I'd love to keep -- we will keep doing that, but it's not at the expense of because we've got 3 shipyards that are going to be very busy for as far as I can see.
Jay L. Johnson: Okay. Thanks, Jon. We always pouch our capital deployment in terms of balance and I'm certainly not about to change that. I would caveat it, however, by suggesting that as you look at the rest of this year and you look at, the term we're using, the fogbank, is now ahead of us in terms of the sequester: how it's going to be dealt with, what the CR is really going to translate to, how all that gets dealt with here in the next 6 months. I would suggest that capital deployment would be dealt with very cautiously and that's certainly what our intent is here. I would rather keep it in my quiver right now and that's kind of where we are. Now there aren't a lot of M&A opportunities of large and I don't see any of really large scale out there. There are some and we've -- I just talked about one of them, that we took advantage of, in IPWireless. I just talked about another one in Earl Industries. Those good opportunities to add to our portfolio will still be out there and we would take advantage of such opportunities. But I think the operative word, certainly into next year in capital deployment, is caution and maintain your balance and keep the quiver as full as you can.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, I mean we've had this discussion before in the context of even before the Pacific pivot was announced. I mean, we are global Navy. Over 90% of the world's commerce moves by sea, by volume, as I recall. I don't think that will change, certainly not anytime soon. And with that as a reality, United States Navy must maintain a robust force structure. That robust force structure must include lots of ships. And as I've said before, presence really does make a difference, and so you have to be there particularly when you're dealing now with the realities in the Pacific where the tyranny of distance causes you to be unable to be in multiple places at the same time very easily. So all that bodes well when you're a Navy shipbuilder for your future opportunities. As to your comment about the Virginia-class, the Virginia-class submarine in that program, itself, is what I would call as close to a model program as the Department of Defense has and we're very proud of that and we bring those boats in at the price tag that was -- I think, the public price tag is like $2 billion a boat. In point of fact, we delivered the Mississippi $60 million under budget and a year early, so we know how to build Virginia-class submarines. There is no substitute for the Virginia-class submarine in my humble opinion, and I don't think the Navy would argue with that. We need them in number, that's why Block IV will become a reality and there'll probably be a Block V after that. So the customer is looking at costs all the time on things like SSBN(X), but we still must have a fleet of major platforms. LCS will have its role, but we're still going to be making -- manufacturing lots of, in Jay Johnson's humble opinion and I think the Navy would agree, lots of major surface combatants, aircraft carriers and nuclear-powered submarines and the auxiliaries that will be needed to service them around the globe. That will not change.
Jay L. Johnson: On the last, I'm not particularly looking at any of that. On the smaller ship side, I think I know what you're talking about, but we've got plenty of work right now with the platforms we have. And the second submarine and the second DDG, I think the Navy and everyone is working very hard to keep that rate as the reality because it's the most cost-efficient and smartest move for everybody. So we're confident there.
Jay L. Johnson: Well, they are better than I guided to earlier, Cai, but I would say I'm being a little bit conservative here. I've got a product mix at Gulfstream. We delivered, I think, like 4 of the mid-cabins in the first half so we're going to be delivering more of the mid-cabins in the second half and -- so I'm at the mid-15s right now. And as is usually the case, I'm hopeful they'll outperform that. But we've got Jet, you touched on it, but if you compare it to the first half -- first quarter, I'm sorry, we've got, I think, we were down like 60 basis points. But a lot of that had to do with timing from Jet absorption expenses related to their resizing effort, which I touched on but didn't really elaborate. They are on track to be about break-even for the year, but they've got a lot -- they had a lot to take out here in the first half.
Jay L. Johnson: No, I don't think so. I'm probably hedging. As I said, I'm being a little conservative with it, Cai, partly because of the restructuring and the market that Jet's seeing in Europe right now and partly because I'm just -- I'm hedging myself a little bit on product support which, as I'd mentioned on an earlier question, is I expect to be flat and that remains to be seen.
Jay L. Johnson: Yes. Some of that, I think, will have to do with ELS, which we expect to be stronger in the second half than in the first half in Land Systems international programs, which as I'd said, it had some program delay but we expect more pickup in the second half. ELS' and -- I mean Combat Systems has been, historically, rather back-weighted to the year. I don't expect that to change, but I'm quite confident in our $8.5 billion number.
Jay L. Johnson: To your last, of the $500 million in incremental that we need to get to where we -- I'm guiding in the second half, 2/3 to 3/4 of that comes from IT service. Your point is well taken. The tactical communications piece of that, though, is about 20% to 25% of that. And assuming that happens, which we have every indication that it will, that will give us the margin lift that I talked about. As to your first, I'm not going to get test point-specific. Let's just say that we're down to a very reasonable number of flights that remain and we're on track for the third quarter certification. There's no mystery in any of that, that I'm saying. And quite honestly, I can't remember the precise figure, but I've been tracking it virtually every day or every other day and we're marching down the flight test point, burndown chart quite nicely and I'm very confident that we're going to be wrapping it up very soon here.
