Howard Rubel: Thank you, Nicole, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics' fourth quarter and full year 2018 conference call. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company’s outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company’s 10-K and 10-Q filings. With that, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phebe Novakovic.
Howard Rubel: Thanks Jason. As a reminder, we asked participants ask one question and one follow up so that everyone has a chance to participate. Nicole, could you please remind participants how to enter the queue.
Howard Rubel: Thank you, operator. With that we will end our call. If you -- if anybody has follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to reach out and call me. My number is 703-876-3117. Thank you all again, and you can sign off.
Jason Aiken: On that note, let me make some comments about GDIT and Mission System’s performance in 2018. We originally guided to full year revenue for the former IS&T business group between $9.3 billion and $9.4 billion, and operating earnings of approximately one billion 30 million. If we look at how Mission Systems and GDIT excluding CSRA did for the year, they combined for $9.325 billion in sales, so in line with our expectations and that includes an organic growth rate of 4.3% for GDIT notwithstanding the impact of several divestitures during the year. From an operating earnings perspective, they were actually closer to $1.50 billion on a combined basis, so somewhat better than we had expected. So all-in-all a solid year for both businesses. As I alluded to, we also completed several portfolios shaping our activities in our GDIT segment during the year. These included the sale of a commercial health products business, CSRAs SETA business, and our public-facing call centers. These divestitures of more than $1 billion of annualized sales enhance the group's focus on high-end solutions and high-value added customer needs.
Jason Aiken: And Dave, if you want me to, I’ll add a little bit of additional color around your influence on margin rates. If you look at the 7.4% margin rate that we reported for the year for the group. If you normalize that for the amortization burden that came with the CSRA acquisition and take that out, you actually end up with a margin rate of 9.6% for the year. So that’s a couple of hundred basis points better than we reported and about 110 basis points better than the year ago 2017 full year rate. That’s really driven by the CSRA contribution from an operations perspective if you will. So they actually contributed approximately 10.9% incremental margins on the core business, excluding at amortization benefit. Now when you look ahead to next year, when you take the puts and takes on the revenue side between the additional quarter of CSRA volume offset by the divestitures were nominally up, let’s just call it notionally flat, but nominally up. So even though we do have because of the accelerating amortization schedule that we have for this business, even though we do have a somewhat declining quarterly amortization burden, the fact that we have four full quarters of amortization versus a flattish to slightly nose knows up total top line is actually perhaps counter intuitively a little bit of a margin drag for next year. It will start to accelerate for the following year once we have a full up year-on-year comparison. So if you think about amortization, is really call it a 20 – I’ll call the 20ish basis point drag. The other part of it is -- is we do have synergies as Phebe mentioned that are accelerating, so I’d call that maybe an 80 basis point to 90 basis point assist, as we go forward and we’ll continue to accelerate after that. And then from a mix perspective issue alluded to, when we talked about this for some time after the acquisition, we did forecast, call it 100 basis point to 150 basis point contraction overall in the incremental CSRA margins over the next 3, 4 years. So call it 50 basis points or so from that. So, if you take the 20ish basis points on amortization, if you call it 50 basis points on mix offset by a positive 80 basis point to 90 basis point improvement from synergies, you get call it 10 basis point to 20 basis point that improvement for the year, and we would see it accelerating after that. So, hopefully that color is helpful.
Jason Aiken: So Ron, one of the last comments that I made was around this area and it typically in the estimated potential contract value bucket for the defense businesses. That’s clearly contract options and IDIQ potential value. For Aerospace, it holds a number of items to include options for aircraft as well as longer term arrangements that we have with individual customers. So where deliveries may be further out in the delivery queue and spread out in the backlog. So as I mentioned, we did have in the fourth quarter, a fairly large contract signed up with an existing commercial customer it was valued at just over a billion dollars. It’s a multi aircraft, multi-year arrangement that spans out over several years that did not go into the firm backlog because that order is actually subject to that customer’s board approval coming up later this quarter. So we expect that to happen this quarter, and we’ll move into the firm backlog, and be counted as traditional orders at the time. But given the maturity of that and where it was in the quarter, that’s why we put it in the as we typically are conservative on these notions, we put it in the potential contract value bucket versus in the firm backlog till we till we get to that firm order.
Jason Aiken: It is, its call it over the next couple of years two, between two and three years and then you’ll see that tail back to a more normal level. So as I mentioned, over the more intermediate planning horizon, we do continue to see that. I think more reliable 90 to 90% to 100% cash conversion rate as a result.
Jason Aiken: Yeah. Cai, the R&D for the quarter was essentially flat year-over-year. It was up a little bit sequentially from the third quarter if you go back and look at that data, call it by a roughly $20 million or so. I think for the year we ended up right around 1.5% of sales for total Company-sponsored R&D. So I don’t think high or low in any anomalous way, and I think we expect to see, as we have in the past, a continued steady drip, and Phebe alluded to it on R&D, as we continue to -- the pipeline of new product introductions and technology introductions. So I don’t think anything anomalous up or down.
Phebe Novakovic: Thank you, Phebe. Our net interest expense in the quarter was $112 million bringing the interest expense for the year to $356 million. That compares to $27 million and $103 million in the comparable periods of 2017. The increase in 2018 is due to the roughly $10 billion of debt we issued to finance the acquisition of CSRA. We repaid approximately $1.7 billion of this debt during the year, and will continue to prioritize paying down debt consistent with our Mid-A credit rating. We ended the year with $850 million of commercial paper outstanding, and our next scheduled fixed debt maturity is in the second quarter of 2020. For 2019, we expect interest expense to be approximately $430 million reflecting a full year of the notes issued in 2018. Our effective tax rate was 19.7% for the quarter and 17.8% for the year in line with our previous guidance. Looking ahead to 2019, we expect a full year effective tax rate in the low 18% range, between 18% and 18.5%. This is slightly higher than 2018, but recall in 2018, we took advantage of a onetime benefit provided by tax reform, and made a $255 million discretionary pension contribution, which lowered the tax rate by approximately 75 basis points. Looking at capital deployment, we paid $274 million in dividends in the fourth quarter bringing the full year to $1.1 billion. We also took advantage of the market decline in December, by purchasing our shares to a greater degree than planned. In the quarter, we purchased 7.6 million shares of our stock for $1.3 billion bringing the full year to 10.1 million shares for $1.8 billion. Looking ahead, while debt repayment will continue to be a priority as I mentioned, we continue to have the flexibility to adjust our capital deployment in response to changing market conditions as we did in December. Moving on to our pension plans, we contributed approximately $570 million to our plans in 2018, including the discretionary contribution. For 2019, we expect that amount to be approximately $200 million to be contributed mostly during the third quarter. We’ve also ramped up our capital expenditures, which were almost 2% of sales for the year. That’s up 60% from 2017, as we invest to support the growth of our businesses, particularly Marine Systems and Aerospace. For 2019, we expect capital expenditures to rise to 3% of sales, driven by the continued investment in the Columbia Class program. Our free cash flow conversion rate for the quarter was 200% bringing our rate for the year to 78% excluding the discretionary pension contribution, and this is below our typical 100% conversion target. If you’re following the headlines out of Canada, you know there are discussions taking place between the Canadian government and their customer on our armored vehicle supply contract. As a result of these discussions, we’ve experienced payment delays that significantly impacted the free cash flow we expected last year. To be clear, this is a timing issue and we expect to receive the delayed payment this year. Assuming the resolution of this matter, we expect the cash conversion rate well in excess of 100% in 2019 and looking ahead, we expect cash performance throughout the planning horizon to be very strong in our typical 90% to 100% range. And one last point on backlog, we ended the year with total backlog of approximately $68 billion, that’s up 7.5% over this time last year. That increase came in spite of a headwind from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which reduced the backlog by $840 million, $700 million of which impacted the Combat Systems Group. Beyond the firm backlog, our total potential contract value, which includes options and IDIQ arrangements, increased by an impressive 17.5% over the end of last year, including the multi-billion dollar CHS-5 IDIQ award admissions systems. In addition, we entered into a $1.1 billion contract with an existing corporate customer for a multi-year airplane, multi-year order that requires their board approval this quarter. Once approved, that order will move into the firm backlog. So these awards along with the firm backlog provide a nice foundation for the continued growth we see ahead. Howard, that concludes my remarks, and I’ll turn it back over to you for the Q&A.
Phebe Novakovic: So let’s talk a little bit about this business. In a growing environment last year, they had a one-to-one book-to-bill. They also have a 75% win rate and a $26 billion pipeline. This management team is performing the cost synergies beautifully, and frankly is a bit of ahead of schedule. By the way, this is a very energetic, innovative, management team that is really making GDIT into a workplace of preference. And in this market, people are absolutely critical and important across the board. But, people here truly matter. I might also add the cash performance on this business is outstanding. Last year, they generated over 100% percent of net income in cash and we’ll continue that this year and for the years to come. So, so what we see this year? Despite that large backlog -- despite the large win rate and book-to-bill is this is simply a question of timing, when the contracts move from the backlog into sales. And you’ll see the growth rate increase in the third quarter, fourth quarter and then significantly next year. This is just a question of the timing of several hundred contracts moving from backlog, into our sale. That also is impacting the margin rate. So I’m very confident in the ability of this business to perform than outperform their cost synergy. They are growing great cash performance, so in the instance right now, it’s simply a question of timing.
Phebe Novakovic: So I may pass that for you. Our North American demand is robust and growing. Western Europe is been -- it’s been very active for us translating into addition to orders as well as considerable activity in our pipeline. I would say some of the emerging markets are a little bit more cautious. They tend to be focused on the 650 and on new products, but overall very very nice, very nice demand and interest in North America and Western Europe.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, some of the political contretemps haven’t necessarily affected their defense spending if and in fact, defense spending has been increasing in this environment. So we are quite comfortable that we’re going to see through our at least initial planning horizon, very nice funding for all of our key programs. So I haven’t seen too much perturbation as a result of some of the extant issues with respect to the overall budget impacting defense.
Phebe Novakovic: So let’s take it in reverse order. We’ve got on Nacelle line well under control, the cost performance has been quite good. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we’ve had to spool back up the supply chain. That is the pacing item with respect to our timing of our deliveries, but the supply chain is doing well and it’s just going to take them a while to begin to have the capacity and the throughput and product to feed our demand. So I will see a little bit of slowness on that on the delivery in the south. But as we get into the second half, that will have completely resolved and we will be in full rate production throughout the supply chain. So we’re quite pleased with that. The margin compression it has been something we’ve been talking to you all for some time about. As you all know, the first lot of airplanes in this case, we’re talking about the G500 carried very little margin. Those airplanes will ramp up, continue to ramp up that production and first quarter, second quarter as we move from that initial lot to carry those lower margins and you’ll see some, we will see some margin expansion on that line. The 600 will come in at slightly higher entry margins, simply because of the disproportionate amount of test cost and on deep costs borne by the 500. And then we’ll nicely come down its learning curve. So those are some of the issues that we would see with respect to the margins. The completion business, the jet we had a problem this year on really on the operating side. We have fixed that, and going forward, we’re comfortable that they will do better this year.
Phebe Novakovic: No, [Indiscernible]. No they’re not. They will do better this year because of the affirmative and proactive steps they took in 2018. So you think -- much about mix.
Phebe Novakovic: We’ll have, as we continue to come down on a learning curve. We finish up a lot of the 500, the first lot of 500 airplanes, the first flight of 600 airplanes; you can expect us to come quickly down our learning curve. And I mentioned in my remarks, we’ll see some earnings and margin expansion in 2020 and then really quite nice expansion and considerable earnings growth thereafter, as we have completed all of those two transitions. So I’m not going to predict exactly where we end up on new airplanes with respect to terminal margins here. But, you should expect us to continue the strong operating performance you have seen from us. We know how to build these airplanes, low cost high, quality provider. We're good at that.
Phebe Novakovic: So let me give you some context here Myles. This is a valid contract that all parties to that contract have repeatedly and recently attested to their commitment to honor that contract. The Canadian government fully understands the importance of our high end manufacturing and engineering talent in London, Ontario and the robust supply chain that we have throughout the country. Our payment issue got caught up in a larger international political issue diplomatic issue. That's why we got some payment last year. Those diplomatic contretemps affected, that slowed the payment that they would otherwise have anticipated. So that will resolve. It’s a timing issue, and we’re quite comfortable and quite confident that that will resolve just at a slower rate than we had anticipated.
Phebe Novakovic: I believe George what I said was that the orders would be better in the fourth quarter than they were in the third quarter. In fact, they were. And you know the book-to-bill was nice particularly I think. But when you look at the addition of delivery, a considerable number of additional deliveries that we added in the fourth quarter. But you know the quarterly book-to-bill, if you go back and looked at Gulfstream, Aerospace tends to have some lumpiness that we had very nice order activity last year, and the fourth quarter was about what we anticipated the orders would be better than the third quarter. And I would also point out that we’ve got a, Jason talked about at some length, a billion dollar order with a customer that once it gets cleared by its board, moves into backlog. So I consider that, we had a good -- we had a good order quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: Now that’s almost impossible to deconstruct. I’m very pleased with how quickly we’ve got some really good operators in Tulsa. And I’m really pleased at how quickly they were able to stabilize the line. We’ve got good performance, good cost control. And frankly, we’ve got now aligned supply chain. Though, I don’t know the any particular impact of that in with any specificity.
Phebe Novakovic: So I am -- as you can well imagine, not about comment on what our thinking is about new product introductions, but you can imagine that our pea-shooter is full, that’s the way you ought to think about it.
Phebe Novakovic: So let me just gently tease you a bit about not trafficking in what I call rumor intelligence or not. So with that cautionary note, our certification has come along quite nicely. As I told you, it’s a little slower than we anticipated. You know this is a -- this is a detailed and appropriately robust process that unfortunately got impacted by the shut down and I apologize for my early optimism, but originally, in plan, our internal plan was first quarter and we think that, that because of that perturbations of the shutdown that’s going to move into the second quarter. Jason will talk about the R&D.
Phebe Novakovic: You wisely have assumed that we will continue our opportunistic buying. And you -- I think you well know about the mechanism for share buybacks during the blackout. So I think we’ll leave a comment around that later. But we were very active in the fourth quarter, I think that's the way to think about it.
Phebe Novakovic: So the proponents of the growth we are going to see is, is at Electric Boat and submarines. We’ve gotten some nice wins at past. I think they’ve got 11 DDG-51s in their backlog now, and they will continue to turn through those. NASSCO started its first containership Matson about two months early. They’re working on the next oiler, and they’ve got that extraordinarily versatile platform in the ESB. So they have done nicely with slow steady growth, but the real growth driver is Electric Boat. And you see that in two respects. Both on the – we’ve got the Virginia class two-year volume in Block IV, and then Block V is a -- as I noted in my remarks, really a significant upgrade into the performance, and it is a let me just leave it at that. It is -- it will drive additional revenue, incremental revenue. And then the advent of the Columbia, which will begin early construction in next year. So this is a steady growth engine for us as we’ve been saying for some time. I’m very pleased with them.
Phebe Novakovic: Speed is important, but as you can well imagine, we continue to upgrade and innovate around the avionics, cabin comfort, and the engines, both in fuel efficiency, decibel levels, and -- and look, these airplanes are getting better and better and better across the spectrum. Speed, for us, is an important commodity, because people’s time is precious, so you’re quite right, deposit, but that has been our focus, but it is by no means the single and exclusive focus.
