Phebe Novakovic: Let me walk you through that a bit, as you quite rightly point out we anticipate seeing some margin compression from mix shift and higher R&D and that’s net R&D because we do not anticipate the same level of launch assistance so that is -- we level it low at our R&D but launch assistance drives some variability. Say fewer jet contributions going forward. But I think it's a good opportunity to spend a moment on Aerospace margins a bit and to give you a little bit additional color on what drives the variability quarter-over-quarter in these lines of business. The fundamental principle that I think we have to keep in mind the underlying operating performance of each of these businesses is getting better quarter-over-quarter and if it weren’t I would tell you. So what does that mean? Well this means that there are other factors in these very complex businesses that impact margin, not one of which is necessarily material but in combination they can have some impact on a quarter-by-quarter basis. You know we have got mix shift between large cabin and mid cabin and service mix that mix. Also on volume by the way and it depends on the kind of service volume. The more complex service work, you get the higher margins you carry and for Gulf and this is true both at Gulfstream and Jet.  For Gulfstream as an OEM the more parts that they sell out of warranty, the higher the margin. So there is even within the inter-service business some various margin variability. With respect of Jet Aviation you get margins that are quarter-over-quarter, somewhat driven by where we’re in contracts. Think about Jet as a construction contract and what they do particularly with respect to completions. With newer contracts we start off with lower margin and then build as we come down our learning curve. So again that drive some variability. Sales expenses of both business has changed and as I noted launch assistance is lumpy and of course as you all well know preowned is almost always a zero margin business. So I think -- I thought it was worth just spending a little bit of time talking about why it is that we see some variability. I emphasize again though that the operating the fundamental operating performance remains improving quarter-over-quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: Well availability is a differentiator to the extent that you actually have product. I think the way to think about, you had a couple of questions here but let me answer your last one first. I think the way to think about 650 demand is that we continue to see demand for that airplane, new demand and we have added not in large quantities as you would expect when there was a four year wait. But we have added almost every single quarter 650 orders. So that continues, there is a lot of interest in that business and by the way as we have worked through on that line of business in that airplane, as we work through the backlog we have accelerated the availability dates by about two quarters. So that’s a benefit to our customers as well.
Phebe Novakovic: It's a higher rate and you would expect that as we have come down our learning curve and as we continue to move green airplanes through the manufacturing line and then into the completion centers. With respect to margins I believe that 650 margins, I believe that I told you -- I told the Street maybe last quarter that we have exceeded the 450 and are working our way up to the 550 but that’s probably several quarters away.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So let me address your last question first, I told you all in the first quarter that combat margins was significantly and quickly recovered and they did and they were even more. I mentioned in my remarks that we took a $29 million restructuring charge in Q1 at ELS and with that behind and that business hits 10% margins this quarter and we expect them to continue to improve over the course of the year and both of our businesses continue their strong performance. So it's pretty much in-line with what we had anticipated. Going forward they are just doing better than we had thought and that’s why we’re raising our margin guidance for the year. With respect to sales on IS&T we had believed that the frontend would be, the first half of the year would be somewhat frontloaded and it does imply some sales slowdown in the second half and that’s consistent with what we had anticipated. We were pleased that the sales decline was less intense than we had thought and by the way that was across an entire spectrum of the businesses in both our IT business and Intel Business and coms business. So that was a nice sales performance in the first half and then some of the decline in sales that we anticipated that I think I told you guys before that this was -- we were risk adjusting our plan for army exposure and then that has happened but I would note that some of those we’re seeing indications that some of those lines of business are beginning to stabilize. For example in our tactical ISR comps, computing, modeling and simulation were all -- we took our decline but they are holding up pretty well. IT services worked for the army is also holding up nicely. What continues to be a weakness and a weakness that there isn't a whole lot that we can do anything about is in the sustainment and repair business. The army is taking all their work into the public depots [ph]. So as a result we’re doing almost nothing for the army in that line. So I think that addresses both of your questions.
Phebe Novakovic: I had a little trouble following the puts and takes on the first part of your question but let me address the orders because I think that’s kind of what you were getting at a little bit. We had a book to bill of about nine times and it was really a good, good strong order quarter for us. We had said that -- what we’re seeing is a lot of interest in the pipeline. It's just taking longer to close and so we have found that we have some variability in our order intake quarter-over-quarter and that’s what has happened. This quarter a lot of those orders came to fruition. So it was a nice quarter. By the way I have been tracking for you all the 450 and 550 which is where we look for these, where we would like to see in the moment. The order activity and once again for 450 and 550 they were 75% of the order book. The 280 was also strong. With respect to our green deliveries, we set a target every year that is right at the plan around how many green deliveries that we intend to have in the quarter or in the year and it's primarily driven by a host of factors. We have frequently taken it upon ourselves to sometimes rephase those deliveries. So you noted that we had slightly fewer deliveries in the second quarter than the first quarter but that we were -- we anticipate upticks in particularly the large cabin orders in the deliveries in the second half of the year. So all of that is meant to say that some of the timing -- some of the deliveries on green has been a question of timing and we have rephased that. So I think we’re looking at the moment which could change in about a 116 versus a 118 and again simply driven by timing. You would be surprised how frequently customers ask for flipping the green delivery or the completions delivery into the next quarter subsequent quarter or the subsequent year. So again it's nothing but timing.
Phebe Novakovic: You got it. That’s it. Improvement on the 650 and also on the 280 but you got it, 650 did very well.
Phebe Novakovic: Well because of all the reasons I have just explained. We have got a mix shift among those three kinds of categories, large cabin, mid cabin and service and we have got higher R&D and Jet’s contribution while good, is going to be less. So those three factors are a compression on margins.
Phebe Novakovic: For a number of years we talked about the impending return of the Jones Act market and it came and since that market has picked we have contracted for 10 Jones Act ship. It remains a very attractive market to us and the pipeline remains fairly robust and we’re in constantly communication and dialogue negotiations with potential customers. It's a good market, it's a price competitive market as you might imagine but I would note that this is not a place and not a market in which compete solely on price and are willing to use price as a differentiator, it's just too much risk in our profitability. So, we’re in the midst right now of ramping up a member of our new commercial orders and that has some -- you didn’t ask this question but it's implied, margin compression in the group but again that’s simply a question of moving from mature MLP and coming up the learning curve down the learning curve on commercial. So it's a nice market, it fills out NASSCO work flows very, very well. We have learned to build these ships efficiently. So I like it.
Phebe Novakovic: By the way these are not exactly the same ship, so don’t think about it as a serial production on exactly the same specs. But there are differences but that said this yard will perform -- better and better performance as the programs mature.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. Just to give you a little bit of retrospective, AxleTech was for many years a very, very good business, as we were the merchant supplier for almost all of the variances of MRAP. We made a lot of money on that acquisition years ago. As the war wound down and the government decided not to initiate a program to repair or retrofit MRAPs the fundamentals of that axle market changed dramatically and now the -- what we see is think about it this way, a complete inversion of the demand curve on commercial with the demand curve of defense work. So that told us that and we believe by the way that’s a systemic change. So that told us that the value proposition really no longer obtained for us and that we believed and I still do that a commercial facing owner could be could be a better steward of the company. So I think you can expect us to respond as a market when we believe that there have been systemic changes and reacting according to our shareholders best interest. We have done a number of little pruning through like very small lines of business really limited in products just as again we changes in the market. But when we put together ATP and OTS we did a strategic analysis of every single one of our lines of business and what was core and where we thought that we could add value and this was one of those businesses that we felt could do better with a different parent and a different home. So I think you would expect us to react to our market. I don’t see any major divestitures on the horizon. We have tinkered within the IS&T portfolio but nothing that changes the nature of that portfolio. So these will be opportunistic as we proceed and make these decisions fairly deliberatively and we have a very disciplined process for executing the sales. So I think this was a wise move and it's good for all.
Phebe Novakovic: Well not yet, everybody who is a perspective buyer would be listening. So, we will disclose how we do after we finish the transaction.
Phebe Novakovic: So Doug, I’ve tried to articulate this before. Think about our backlog as driven primarily by and predominantly by the 650 order book that we took in 5 or 6 years ago. That backlog provided for five or six years of sales activity on the 650. We’re drawing that down and I think that’s indicative as we would expect and totally wholesome and I believe that that’s an implied from the acceleration in the availability times by about two quarters which I just told -- we just discussed a few minutes ago. So we had a book to bill of 0.9. I don’t worry about the level of the backlog given the duration of that large program. I think it's very wholesome. There was nothing that we see in the order activity that causes us concern. Our pipeline is very robust, it's robust on the 650 as well. I think the customers and potential customers will be happy that they don’t have wait for quite such a long time for their airplanes. So I don’t worry about this. This is not some harbinger of a market issue at least with respect to us that I think we need to be worried about or our shareholders need to be worried about.
Phebe Novakovic: We did an accelerated share repurchase in the first quarter but the second quarter was just steady eddy throughout the quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: Absolutely. One of my favorite subjects. Let me give you the easiest and the most glaring frankly example. At ELS we had a cost structure going into 2013 that was so high it made them anti-competitive, just couldn’t win any orders. So we needed to get after that cost structure and we did it quickly, in a disciplined fashion. We did the same thing at GDUK and the results we’re seeing is in GDUK we actually had a C4 [ph] owns GDUK. We actually had a contract that we had been disqualified from because of high cost. We opened for us to go back into the competition because we had lowered our cost so dramatically and in a head to head competition with multiple other suppliers we won. I mean that is a simple and I think powerful example of what right sizing your business can do. It's a right thing to do for your shareholders, for your customer so that we can provide the services at competition rates and the same thing is happening in European Land Systems. So those were the two obvious examples but we’re seeing that throughout as C4 Systems has reduced it's business and restructured it's business dramatically since the fourth quarter of 2013. They have increased their order activity particularly in their overseas market, Canada and the Mid-East and to the extent that they are going in head to head competition. We have been doing very, very well in our capture rate. The same thing is true with our Intel business and the same thing is true with our IT business. So I’m very pleased with the performance of the company as we have focused getting back to the basics of operating excellence and they have got more to go but they have made progress. Combat Systems has had a long track record of disciplined response to their market and anticipating changes in their market and getting after their fixed cost quickly. There is no such thing as we say as fixed cost, they will ultimately turn into variable. So they have right sized their business even in advance of the change in their market conditions and I think you can see the result of that in their margin improvement, and in their margin performance.
Phebe Novakovic: So we continue to see within our land force as U.S. Land Forces line of business. Interest in terms of sustainment levels right? So we anticipated that and we see that, it's not a lot of -- I don’t believe new opportunities on that front. We’re however engaged in a number of international opportunities with all of the three businesses in our combat systems. The timing of the clarity around timing of international orders has been a little elusive, so I’m not about to speculate but our negotiation on several potential contracts and we will see how those turn out but there is still a lot of interest. The world hasn’t gotten any safer.
Phebe Novakovic: You can sort of infer that from the restated sales number but that business has for the last really year undergone a precipitous decline in sales and the inversion of demand. So, I’m not going to parse out exactly the size but you can -- when we get around to selling it we will in disposing of it and finalizing the contract will give you a little bit more clarity but it was responsible for some of the decline clearly, you can see that.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, so that business is consistent other than the sustainment of that line of business which really hits the IS&T business units more than it does the combat systems business units. We’re down to around 20% and declining.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes let me talk about MHP. For the first time in many years this program has a stable way forward and has upside opportunity. We did not take charge on that program, we don’t intend to take a charge as a result of the renegotiation. We’re the supplier for Sikorsky. We have developed over the years a very good relationship with our supplier. We have been very supportive with our prime. We have been very supportive of them and this was a very significant risk reduction result for us and we have stabilized it and going forward there will be some upside. So that was very, very good move. On the SV vehicle -- Lockheed may have more information than we do but I have, this is one of the many, many markets that we continue to investigation and we’re there. We’re at the prime and on the SV [ph] - the development of the SV and how the British government and the Ministry of Defense chooses on a going forward basis to think about the production contract, it's something we start to work out with them but they are going to make that call.
Phebe Novakovic: Well it would be a nice order and again that is entirely driven by the druthers of that customer and what they want to see in near term production. So, the developmental program went from a very risky position to one that we have stabilized that and we have gotten it back on track technically scheduled wise and we’re -- we have done a good job and land systems team did a very good job. I’m a big believe that if you don’t build the platform you can’t integrate it. So they build those platforms, they know them, it's our core competency that’s probably one of the best in the world if not the best in the world at that and they were able to turn around a very broad program. So it's an opportunity going forward but that will be dictated in its entirety by our customer.
Phebe Novakovic: In each one of our airplane models what we have seen is North America is the 50% of the orders for the last 18 months. So pretty consistent North America involvement and activity in ordering. Sometimes that small fleet, corporate fleet replacement or individuals but I got to tell you the vast majority of the orders are from Fortune 500 and both primarily North America, public and private companies but also international public and private companies.
Phebe Novakovic: The 280 had a nice quarter and that airplane gets overshadowed by the 650 but it is a terrific plane in it's space and it's in niche and it's doing well. It's fits a discernible need with great capabilities.
Phebe Novakovic: We have seen -- look I’m not going to speculate on that we have seen a bit of a trickle but a trickle is not a trend mix so it's hard to know the maturity of the M&A market but so far we’re not there.
Phebe Novakovic: No our prices are holding up nicely. But the corollary to your question is we’re not winning these airplane orders on price, it's factor but it's one of many.
Phebe Novakovic: Well I think if you think about it that note is due in January. We really haven't gotten -- we really haven't put our -- focused our attention on 2015 capital deployment but you can rest assured we intend to be shareholder friendly as we have in this year.
Phebe Novakovic: Jet Aviation has been a story all about walking out of the shadow of the valley of death and they -- their margin performance has been increasingly positive quarter-over-quarter. They have some variability but on a quarter-to-quarter basis but the underlying operations have done very, very well and will continue to do well in every indication we see all of the metrics we watch, the EACs we built. Everything I see is on the upper trajectory and I think it's too soon to have for me to give you a definitive where out there sustaining margin to be. I have an aspiration that I’m fully confident that Jet will make but that’s an internal discussion that we have to have but they are on the right path. Now combat, I think combat -- you know combat is all going to be about their orders which they have stabilized their order and then their performance on those orders and these lines of businesses have demonstrated that they are very good operators. So I don’t want to get ahead of myself for 2016 but we ought to see some nice margin improvement in combat. There is nothing structurally that’s keeping them from not continuing to build their operating efficiency and add to it. And operator I think we have time for one more call.
Phebe Novakovic: Not anything we can materially see. Most of what we have got is in our backlog upon which we have projected our guidance to you.
Phebe Novakovic: All right. I think that’s it for today. Thank you so much for joining our call. If you’ve additional questions I can be reached at 703-876-3583. Have a great day.
