Jason W. Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. As we discussed previously, we felt more of an impact on our financial results from foreign exchange rate volatility in 2015 than we have in the past. In particular, this issue has had a negative impact on the growth experienced in our Combat Systems group given their increasing international activity. As Phebe pointed out, the group's full-year revenue was down 1.6% compared to 2014. But had foreign exchange rates, particularly the U.S. dollar to the euro and to the Canadian dollar, held constant from 2014 to this year, the group's sales would have actually increased by 6.4% in 2015. For the company as a whole this would have taken our 2% top line growth over 2014 to almost 4%. As a reminder, this has nothing to do with any economic exposure or losses. This is merely the translation of our various international indigenous businesses into U.S. dollars for consolidated reporting purposes, and the negative effect on that translation that comes with a strengthening dollar. Given where we see the mix of Combat Systems programs in the years ahead, we expect foreign currency fluctuations to be an ongoing part of the group's story. Net interest expense in the quarter was $19 million, consist with the fourth quarter of 2014. For the year, interest expense was $83 million, $3 million less than the year before due to the repayment of $500 million of fixed rate notes that occurred in 2015. For 2016 we expect net interest expense of around $95 million. And the increase is due primarily to less interest income as we've deployed cash off the balance sheet. As we've deployed that cash over the year, we've moved from a net cash position, that's cash in excess of debt, of $1 billion at the end of 2014 to a net debt position of $614 million. And I'll walk through those capital deployment activities in just a minute. Our effective tax rate was 27.7% for the year, right in the ballpark, slightly lower than the 28% we forecasted at the end of the third quarter. The lower outcome is attributable to favorable contract closeouts with the IRS and Congress' enactment of tax extenders in late December; in particular, the research and experimentation credit. For the year, the research tax credit extension benefited our rate by about 50 basis points, but was offset by some one-time unfavorable effects of other provisions in the extenders law. The combined effect was a 20-basis-point reduction in the 2015 effective rate, or about $0.02 per share. You may recall at this time last year that, given our increasing international presence, we considered the new normal for our effective tax rate to be in the 30% to 30.5% range. For 2016 with the research tax credit now permanent, we expect an effective tax rate in the mid-29% range. Moving on to our pension plans, we contributed about $185 million to our pension plans in 2015, as forecast. And for 2016, we expect that amount to be approximately $200 million to be contributed mostly during the third quarter. And finally on the capital deployment front, to summarize our activities for the year, we spent approximately $3.2 billion on share repurchases; and when you combine those share repurchases with our dividend payments, we used $4.1 billion in shareholder-friendly actions in 2015 or 2.1 times our free cash flow from operations for the year. Erin, that concludes my remarks and I'll turn the time back over to you for the Q&A.
Jason W. Aiken: Yeah, the share repurchase authorization, so you're right. We did a total of $20 million authorized last year in two tranches. We got $10 million authorized late in the year by the board. Certainly wouldn't want to get out ahead of them in terms of the plans for the coming year but we'll address that as it comes. And as the opportunistic approach to share repurchase works down that current authorization, we'll see where it goes midway through the year.
Jason W. Aiken: Exactly. It's coincidental. And as we said, as always, more of an opportunistic approach and we'll see where that takes us.
Jason W. Aiken: Sure. And Carter, if I understand your question, you're talking about the sort of the walk forward on EPS from 2015 to 2016. And really when you think about our pension plans and our accounting for those plans, especially in the defense businesses, that is a muted effect in EPS. So it really just isolated to the commercial pension side which had a negligible effect.
Jason W. Aiken: So on the R&D question, as you can imagine, the pace of that will sort of follow the cadence of the flight test program. So we expect that to pick up modestly in the next year and a little bit more in 2017 as we continue through that program. But I say modestly immaterially, still well within the range of our normal collar that we would normally expect R&D to flow in. Your question around the launch of systems payments, they'll continue to flow. I don't have the exact schedule of that, but it'll cause that quarterly amount to be lumpy as it's always been. And we'll report that to you when it gets out of line. But expect, net-net, a modest immaterial growth in R&D next year and then again the following year.
Jason W. Aiken: So I think consistent with the position we've held in the past is levering up really is not something we're interested in, particularly as it relates to our current capital deployment approach of share repurchase and dividends. Incurring debt for the proper long-term strategic opportunity is certainly out there, but that's something that we'll continue to hold as dry powder until that type of opportunity shows up.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So the budget deal provided us funding in line with – exactly in line with what we anticipated, so no surprises there; and some upside, frankly, in a couple of areas. But that stability is critical and, I think, very helpful as we think through the defense portfolio for the next year or two. So that was, I think, very helpful. But as I said, it was consistent with what we had anticipated. With respect to international orders, we have continued to increase – and particularly on the Combat Systems side, increase our order activity internationally. And so far, we have yet to see any impact from oil prices in the Mid-East. You know, as we've talked a lot in the past, from my perspective, defense spending is completely determined by the threat. And the threat environment in that world has gotten nothing but worse. So we're very sensitive to our customers' needs and requirements. And we work carefully with them to ensure that we can provide them what they need when they want it and terms that are favorable to us and which they can accommodate. I would also remind you, by the way, that most of our orders in that part of the world are government to government, which provides some stability. So that is a benefit to us as well as we look forward.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, it's all three. It's a reversal, an unwinding of all three of the factors that we've talked about impacting 2015 and 2016, but let's take Gulfstream. We're continuing to build demonstration and test aircraft, test aircraft for both the G500 and G600. Our capital deployment – or our CapEx is largely done at Gulfstream, but that buildup in inventory will continue until we begin to take – or deliver the G500 and G600. So that will help unwind that buildup of working capital at Gulfstream. NASSCO will have completed its Jones Act ships in 2017. And then we anticipate a number of orders coming into the Marine group that, of course, carry cash. And in Combat Systems, we will begin to get additional cash as we ramp up to full-rate production on a number of our international orders. So 2015, 2016, lighter than we're used to. But 2017, it'll be above; every expectation we have is it'll be above 100% of net income.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So let me take those in inverse order. We've been reducing the G450 very immaterially for the last about seven or eight quarters, so in line again with what we saw in demand and what we predicted in demand. And as to be expected, we reduced the G550 production rate in the fourth quarter, again, in line with demand. Our wait times are essentially the same, three to fourth quarters in those lines of business. In 2016, you asked about what are our production and delivery – what are our delivery targets in our plan. Large cabin about 104, medium cabin 34. That compares to 2015, large cabin of 112 and medium cabin of about – mid cabin about 35. So down eight large and one medium cabin, with a better mix, I might add. And that's what you would expect, a better mix as we enter this year of transition, more G650s, fewer G450s and G550s.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me talk about the pricing environment. We have held our prices very consistently, and to the extent that others are having pricing pressure, it hasn't affected us materially. So I think that's the full and short answer to that question. Jason, you want to...
Phebe N. Novakovic: From the usual suspects. We had mix shift. We had liquidated damages, launch assistant. And by the way, you quite rightly point out we had improved margins in the G650. So we anticipate roughly comparable margins. Those aren't what we (30:57) leading you to, guiding you to is – are not sufficient or significant material degradations in the margin rate. But what we are focused on and have been laser focused on and have been telling our investors for some time, we are going to keep earnings flat. And that's what we've signed up for and we see the path forward to clearly do that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay. Let me talk a little bit about the book-to-bill. With the exception of the fourth quarters in 2014 and 2015, our IS&T book-to-bill has been approximately one to one every other quarter in both years. Q4 in those lines of businesses tends to be more of an issue, a timing issue than anything else. And we expect book-to-bill for 2016 about one to one. These are businesses that are performing extremely well and winning more than their fair share based on their ability to increase their operating leverage by decreasing costs, and their performance has been outstanding. So it's more of the same for them going forward. So ruthless dedication to cost cutting, operating performance, must perform on that backlog. And that then quite nicely leads to the kinds of book-to-bill that we've seen in these businesses. So I see that as more goodness to come.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, they're different margin businesses. Mission Systems tends to be more heavily product oriented in nature, and product tends to carry higher margins. Our IT business is services; services have lower margins. But as I like to tell everybody, they got great cash performance. In fact, by the way, both of those businesses have a great cash performance. And with our services business, terrific return on invested capital. So there's no invested capital. But think about our information – our IT services businesses. When they go to market, they go to market in their core, and they are very competitive in their core both through past performance and cost competitiveness. So I like where they're positioned, and that hasn't changed for us. They continue to win and they're a big dog in the barnyard, not to make too many metaphors.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me answer that in the inverse order. We have seen and don't anticipate seeing any impact from the planes that are in the used market. It really hasn't impacted us at all, because the guidance of the demand for that airplane has been, and we believe will continue to be, very, very wholesome. Despite taking up our production rates slightly, we are still at first quarter 2018 first available. So that tells you that is a strong, sustainable backlog for a very powerful airplane.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So let's talk about the businesses. On a going-forward basis, we anticipate the IS&T group to be at around a 10% margin business. That may vary from quarter to quarter, or year to year depending on how much revenue the service business brings in. But for our foreseeable future that's about a 10% business. Combat, we see in the mid-15%, 15.5% pretty steady eddy. We may have, and we do, I believe, have margin expansion opportunity at the platform businesses. But remember, that will be somewhat offset by the short cycle business of OTS which we had terrific margins out of that business after we consolidated two units in 2014. With all things at defense, some of that goodness needs to go back to our customer, quite appropriately so. So that'll cause some margin compression for them. But from right now what we're planning for, for Combat, steady state 15%, 15.5% margin. We will, of course, strive for higher. And then the Marine group will be a 9.5% to 10% margin business depending on mix. As we've talked about before, performance at shipyards is, well performing shipyards, is all about the mix and we've got a number of mix shift issues which we've kind of articulated. But I think that gives you a sense of how we see our business going forward.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me talk a little bit about the reduction, then I'll turn it over to Jason. We've been talking for the last year or so about this transition period from moving from the G450, G550 to G500 and G600. Well, we're in it now, and quite appropriately you would expect us to size for that. So our head count reductions were all about sizing appropriately for what we see in terms of revenue and our promise to keep margins, well, keep earnings flat year-over-year. So we did some pruning. Headcount reductions were just a part of our cost cutting effort as we improved our operating performance, took a fair amount of overhead out and touch labor. And we'll continue to do so, on a going-forward basis.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So fed IT, I think what you're seeing is – what we anticipate is seeing the same players just with new t-shirts on, new brands. In the pipeline, it is what it has been. And I think to Jason's point, it has always been our view that if we found something attractive and very accretive, we would lever up for it. But we haven't been there, and we don't see that as we stand in the moment. I don't think anything has fundamentally changed in the broader portfolio, defense and Aerospace portfolio. Service, a little bit, but that's – I gave you my view of that.
