Phebe Novakovic: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for being with us. Before I discuss the quarter, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the loss of our long-time Board member and Lead Director, Jim Crown. Jim has a record of distinguished service on the GD Board for over 35 years. Throughout that time, Jim provided guidance to more than five different management teams. We mourn his passing, and our prayers are with his family. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $2.70 per diluted share on revenue of $10.2 billion, operating earnings of $962 million and net income of $744 million. We enjoyed revenue increases at each of our four business segments. Importantly, we had a 12% revenue increase across the Defense segments, with a more modest 4.6% increase at Aerospace. While revenue is up by $963 million or 10.5%, operating earnings are down $16 million and net earnings are down $22 million against last year’s second quarter. So, we had significant revenue increase but lower operating margin against the year-ago quarter. From a different perspective, we beat consensus by $0.14 per share on significantly higher revenue and modestly lower operating margin than anticipated by the sell side. The earnings beat was exclusively operations-driven. We enjoyed very nice sequential improvement. Revenue was up $271 million, and operating earnings are up $24 million on identical operating margins. On a year-to-date basis, revenue of $20 billion is up $1.45 billion or 7.8% over last year’s first half. Operating earnings of $1.9 billion are up less than 1% and net earnings are down $22 million, largely as a result of below-the-line items, including a higher provision for income taxes. As Jason will amplify, cash from operating activities and cash after capital expenditures in the quarter continued at a very good pace. For the first half, free cash flow was 123% of net income. Obviously, we are off to a very good start from a cash perspective. As is clear from the press release, we also had a powerful order quarter across the business, extending our already large backlog. Jason will provide full color around that item as well. In summary, this is from a revenue perspective, a very strong quarter and a good first half. Supply chain issues and past COVID labor issues have impacted operating margins, but there is relief in sight. We expect improvement as we progress. At this point, let me ask Jason to provide some detail on our strong order activity, growing backlog and very strong cash performance as well as commentary about the Technologies group in the quarter.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So, I think you’ve put your finger on a nub of an issue. So, what we have given you with respect to Aerospace is Gulfstream’s plan, and the guidance that we gave you reflects their plan. Our January guidance, just for context, contemplated a very high Q4 delivery rate. That rate increased with the certification delay on the 700. 700 will be fully built and ready for delivery. Remember, too, our new planes are all built in purpose-built facilities. We’ve expanded our wing line. In short, we’ve facilitized for increased production. And finally, the fact that we have planes -- and you can see this from the increase in inventory that are awaiting parts, we now have a schedule, and all of that taken together allows us to -- will give us the ability to deliver. With respect to margin, we’ve got a number of higher-margin airplanes, as you would expect, delivering in the fourth quarter. So, that provides significant uplift. So, we kind of explained how we intend to get the revenue through the deliveries, and the margin is really a question of mix of higher deliveries of higher-margin -- greater deliveries of higher-margin airplanes.
Phebe Novakovic: So, as I noted in my remarks, our supply chain is increasing its transparency, improving its processes. And we have reliable -- increasingly reliable schedules. That said, they’re more likely -- likely to anticipate more catch-up in the fourth quarter, which will allow us to complete a number of those airplanes, but they’re still impacting the third quarter deliveries.
Phebe Novakovic: So, our flying hours are not down. But I think, too, the way to think about our service business is we expect service to increase as the fleet of airplanes -- new airplanes in the market increases. So, we expect steady growth in service. And we haven’t seen any impact so far on any change in flying hours. I said that mostly other people flying hours. With respect to Combat, the world has become a less safe place, and that’s reflected in the increased demand, both internationally and in the United States. So we expect the -- this year to be considerably higher than last year. And we’ll give you clarity around 2024 in January. But as you may recall, we had anticipated flat to down growth in this business segment. Clearly, that trajectory has changed. We won’t be able to -- we can’t quantify it right now, but we’ll give you more clarity on that.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, we’ll get into next year, next year. But the deliveries are lower, are -- 5 to 6 deliveries that won’t deliver this year are not 700s. So, it’s other airplanes.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So mix in this instance is comprised of two elements. One is the capacity expansion, which I noted carries lower margin. And then it’s really the transition from more mature programs to newer programs, and those margins will improve as we come down our learning curves.
Phebe Novakovic: So, what we’ve told you is our best estimate right now of the certification process. Clearly, if it comes very late in the year, we’ll deliver airplanes, but we won’t necessarily be able to deliver all of them. That will bleed over into the best first quarter GD has ever had in its history. But we’re not anticipating that at the moment. So, I don’t have real good clarity because we don’t know yet with precision on when in the fourth quarter. But our best estimate, what we’re planning for right now is that we will be able to have sufficient time to deliver these airplanes. Remember, they’re built -- the pilot training will start, and that will help significantly with deliveries.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So, the demand in the second quarter was at the same level as the demand in the first quarter. It felt very, very similar. As you quite rightly note, we had a three-week hiatus coincident with the banking -- many banking crisis. But the demand levels have remained about the same. And as we enter Q3, we have a very strong pipeline. And so far, activity is quite good in Q3. We had six defaults in the quarter, but nothing that is notable to us. And the backlog is holding up very, very well.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So, the United States was strong, has been strong, particularly with the Fortune 500. I would say that high net worth is about the same. And the Mid East is pretty good, as is Asia, but it’s really the Fortune 500 that are really driving the demand. These are long-established customers as well as new Fortune 500 customers.
Phebe Novakovic: So, Technologies and Combat are simply a question of mix. And I suspect Combat will quickly return to its normal operating leverage. The Marine Group has significant supply chain challenges that have impacted for the Virginia-class in particular. That’s going to take some time to resolve. We’ll talk about that in a little bit more detail. So, as I noted, we expect slow quarter-over-quarter margin growth in the Marine Group, perhaps an occasional perturbation by quarter, but slow and steady improvement over time.
Phebe Novakovic: So, growth in the quarter was driven by improved -- increased volume on Columbia and on the oiler program as well as additional throughput throughout each one of those yards, which is often a precursor to better margin performance. And finally, just the -- revenue came in faster than we had anticipated, really across the board. And that will drive our expectations. With respect to the margin performance, we have -- Columbia is doing very well. We’ve got nice performance on the oiler. We see some deck plate improvements of Bath, but that has yet to translate into financial performance. Electric Boat needs to continue to get better to offset likely additional supply chain challenges as the Virginia supply chain begins to improve. And with respect to that supply chain, we see improvements and some very nice improvement in some area. But that supply chain was hit hard by COVID. And I think a little bit of explanation there is helpful. COVID impacted that supply chain, Virginia supply chain, in particular, in a couple of ways. Obviously, the impact of COVID itself, the workforce disruption. Then we had the large demographic changeover. And finally, Virginia was impacted by the Columbia prioritization. All of that made it difficult for that supply chain to begin to get back on cadence. They’re getting better, but we’ve got a while to go before they hit their two-a-year or more cadence.
Phebe Novakovic: The supply chain in the Combat group has been less of an issue. I suspect that the -- at least for the foreseeable future, the munitions portion of the business will remain about that, same as we see uplift in all of our all three businesses. We’ll see OTS at about that same level. We’ve already increased munitions capacity and working with the federal government and the Army and OSD in particular, we have a very detailed plan to further increase capacity, which will allow us then to increase production very rapidly and move to the left, the munition availability to meet the United States’ needs and, frankly, external needs as well.
Phebe Novakovic: So I think you know we have very strong terms and conditions that you forfeit some of your value in the airplane when you cancel. I don’t actually know the context of the default, that won’t -- nothing that was of note or interest, otherwise, I’d know it.
Jason Aiken: Thank you, Phebe, and good morning. We had a very good quarter from an orders perspective with an overall book-to-bill ratio of 1.2:1 for the Company. Order activity was strong across the board, as each segment had a book-to-bill of 1:1 or greater in the quarter. This is quite impressive in light of the strong revenue growth. Combat Systems and Aerospace did particularly well with book-to-bills of 1.4 times and 1.3 times, respectively. This led to record-level backlog of $91.4 billion at the end of the quarter, up 1.7% from last quarter and up 4.3% from a year ago. Our total estimated contract value, which includes options and IDIQ contracts, ended the quarter at more than $129 billion. Turning to our cash performance for the quarter. We generated $731 million of operating cash flow, which, following our strong first quarter performance, brings us to $2.2 billion for the first six months of the year. After capital expenditures, our free cash flow was $519 million for the quarter and over $1.8 billion year-to-date, yielding a cash conversion rate of 123% for the first half. This conversion rate reflects continued strong cash performance in Aerospace and Technologies and a particularly strong start to the year for the Combat Systems group from payments received on our large international vehicle programs. The year-to-date results are consistent with our expectation for the year of a cash conversion rate in excess of 100%. Now turning to capital deployment. Capital expenditures were $212 million, or 2.1% of sales in the quarter, which brings us to 1.9% of sales for the first six months. Similar to last year, you should expect capital expenditures to be higher in the second half of the year, but in line with our expectation to be just under 2.5% of sales for the year. Also in the quarter, we paid $360 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares of stock for $288 million. That brings year-to-date repurchases to 1.8 million shares for $378 million. We also repaid $750 million of debt that matured in May and ended the quarter with a cash balance of over $1.1 billion. That brings us to a net debt position of $8.6 billion, down nearly $700 million from year-end. As a reminder, we have an additional $500 million maturing in the third quarter that we plan to repay with cash on hand. Our net interest expense in the quarter was $89 million compared to $95 million last year. That brings the interest expense for the first half of the year to $180 million, down from $193 million for the same period in 2022. At this point, our expectation for interest expense for the year remains unchanged at approximately $360 million. Finally, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 16%, bringing the tax rate for the first half to 16.5%. There’s no change to our outlook for the full year of approximately 17%. But of course, that implies a rate in the mid-17% range for the second half of the year. To shape that for you, we’d expect the rate to be somewhat lower in the third quarter and higher in the fourth due to typical timing items. Now turning to operating performance in Technologies. It was another solid quarter with revenue of $3.2 billion, which is up 7% over the prior year and continues to build on the strong start to the year we saw in the first quarter. In fact, each business grew year-over-year, both in the quarter and the first half. The measures implemented at Mission Systems to overcome what seems to be the new normal in the supply chain are taking effect. So we feel good about their prospects for the balance of the year. GDIT had another solid quarter, in fact, their highest second quarter revenues since before the pandemic as they continue to deliver on their steady year-over-year growth trajectory. Operating earnings in the quarter were $283 million, yielding a margin of 8.8%. As you know, margins are driven by the mix of IT service activity and hardware volume, and in this case, were further impacted by the mix of new start programs that are driving the strong growth trajectory. Backlog grew during the quarter, with the group achieving a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1:1 on solid order activity that outpaced the strong revenue growth across the business. In fact, GDIT booked the highest first-half orders they’ve seen since mid-2019, and their pipeline remains robust with $20 billion in submitted bids awaiting customer decision and another $81 billion in qualified opportunities identified. Now, let me turn it back to Phebe to review the other business segments and give an update on our guidance for 2023.
Jason Aiken: The way I think you need to think about that, Cai, is when it comes to Gulfstream, we have a sequence of progress payments that occurs from the time of the initial order through delivery and entry into service. So, the vast majority of the cash receipts associated with an aircraft order and aircraft delivery are in-house before the actual airplane is delivered. So, while there’s obviously an implied set of progress payments, final delivery payments would occur at that point. When those aircraft enter into service, it’s not an outsized level of cash, one way or the other. So, the bigger issue is you’ve got an ongoing sequence and series of progress payments associated with all of the orders in the order book. And with the significant order volume that we’ve had over the past 2, 2.5 years, that is sort of a machine that’s just churning those progress payments over time as we continue to make progress on each of those airplane builds as well as the certification process.
Jason Aiken: I think bottom line, the short answer to that is no. We don’t see any fundamental change, as we’ve talked about. You’re going to see some level of aggregate margin perturbation between the two businesses, the IT services side being somewhat lower obviously than the hardware side. I think in this quarter, we saw it a little more pronounced because as we’re seeing this turn for the group to a stronger growth level, a lot of that is driven by not only new starts, but it’s actually replacement contracts, or I should say, recompetes that we’ve won. So, you had in the prior year the trailing off of very mature-level legacy contracts that were closing out at higher margin rates as compared to the entry-level margin rates we’re seeing now. So, that’s sort of the driver of the year-over-year delta that you’re seeing. But barring any major structural shift between the percentage contributions of the IT services versus defense hardware parts of the business, we continue to expect this to be a low double-digit margin business over time.
Jason Aiken: Ron, it’s always tough in this business to point to a singular event or a contract that is going to drive the overall business. As you know, it’s a wide portfolio of literally thousands of contracts. I think -- the thing I would tell you is, when you look at Mission Systems on the one hand, they are really seeing strong support in their -- what I’d call, their Navy platform support businesses, whether it’s the strategic side or the mission computing side. They’re also seeing really great support in their cyber portfolio. So, those are two areas I would expect to see continued growth in particular out of that business. When you look at GDIT, they’re seeing strength in all three of their customer segments: the defense, the intelligence community and the Fed SIV side. So, really good across-the-board support in GDIT. And I think if I could point to any one thing in particular on that side of the portfolio, we’ve talked for the past few weeks, a couple of months about some selective technology investments they’ve been making to accelerate their growth, and we’re seeing that really start to take hold. And of course, we’re talking about things like artificial intelligence, machine learning, hybrid cloud, Zero Trust and so on. And that’s really starting to bear fruit. We’ve seen already several hundred million dollars worth of award wins as well as organic growth on existing contracts that’s resulting directly from those investments. They’ve got some $7 billion in change in post-submittal submissions that are awaiting award decisions. And they’ve got another 20-plus, I think, between $20 billion, $25 billion of opportunities in the pipeline that are directly tied to those targeted investments. So, I think some really intelligent capital allocation over there at GDIT to try and drive that growth, and we’d expect to see the results of that continue in the second half of the year and beyond.
Jason Aiken: Yes. And bottom line answer, you kind of hit the nail on the head there. We absolutely expect the synergistic benefits of these two businesses working together to be to our benefit over the long run. It’s -- the predicate for all that is that what we’ve seen both in the customer demand environment, what they’re requiring in terms of end-to-end solutions, including both software, services and the hardware elements of what we provide. We’re seeing the peer group migrate that way with some of their M&A activities that you’ve seen in the market. And so, we believe that is the thesis that we’ll see play out. You noted CHS-6, we’re obviously participating in and anticipating that -- resolution to that competition. We’ve seen that program migrate over time from one that was traditionally very much focused on high-end, customized, ruggedized hardened-type defense hardware to one that is a combination of that type of capability as well as a more traditional, sort of off-the-shelf catalog-type product. And so, we believe that having the attributes of both GDIT and Mission Systems involved in that program would be the best suited to serve our customer there. So, that’s just one good example of it. But absolutely, we see that over time. And as far as long-term growth rates, we’ll have to see where this leads. Right now, we continue to track low- to mid-single digit, but we’ll see if we can’t get some juice out of that over time.
Jason Aiken: Actually, George, we did receive additional payments on schedule as per the plan that was set forth several years ago. And I’m actually happy to tell you that at this point -- and maybe this terminates this line of dialogue for the foreseeable future. The arrears that you all may remember from many years ago on that Canadian international program has now effectively been paid down, and we are down to what I would call a normal run rate of operating working capital on that program. So I’m pleased to report that we’ve passed through that phase. In terms of what we expect to receive for the balance of the year, there are some more progress payments to come in, but I don’t have that quantified off the top of my head.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. Thanks so much. So -- and Howard, let me say, you’ve been terrific to work with and a great friend, and I wish you all the best.
Cai von Rumohr: So, Phebe, how many 700s are you assuming to deliver in the fourth quarter? And what kind of margin for error is there in terms of timing in terms of...
Cai von Rumohr: No, no, no. I just -- so -- and next -- I didn’t mean -- I meant how much time-wise, a cushion you have in the schedule if the certification slips.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. I mean, is your best guess that you certify in the middle of November, in middle of December, which could impact the amount number of planes you get out…
