Erin Linnihan: Thank you, Carissa, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics fourth quarter conference call. As always, any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phebe Novakovic.
Erin Linnihan: Thanks, Hugh. [Operator Instructions] Carissa, could you please remind participants how to enter the queue.
Erin Linnihan: Thank you for joining our call today. If you have any additional questions, I can be reached at (703) 876-3583. Thank you, and have a great day.
Phebe N. Novakovic: There's a longer-term, and let me take this opportunity to explain that. One of the things that ought to be clear is that we have reset the IS&T plan across each one of the businesses, and we have done a very, very realistic program by program analysis that drove our revenue estimate by about 5% lower. And to fire test those assumptions, as part of our planning process, we used a parametric analysis based on several benchmarks including book-to-bill, established budgets and backlogs. So the result of where we're guiding you to in IS&T seems reasonable to me in both program assumptions and by application of the benchmarks. The history tell us a reasonable parametric test of our assumption. So when I think about IS&T, and let's talk about C4 in particular. This is a superb management team that given a realistic and reset plan and given their order book has margin potential. I'm just not going to lead you there, margin expansion potential. I'm just not going to lead you there yet. And that goes into -- that's relevant for '13 and '14. What we see over our long-range plan for IS&T is margin expansion across-the-board, but it's going to be slow and deliberative.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, look, we -- as I highlighted and will be re-highlighted in our press release, we delivered 37 aircraft to customers in the quarter, including 31 large cabins, and we're not going to breakout aircraft delivery by model type, and I certainly don't intend to going forward. I can tell you that based on what we reported before, we had 6 G650s that are into service in the fourth quarter. Let me give you a little bit of background on margins. Let's take '12, okay? Starting in the third and fourth quarter, margins were impacted by higher cost of goods sold in connection with the completions and retrofit work for the G650. As a result, we have a temporary disequilibrium between green production and completions as we accommodate some retrofit work out of cycle. We've got to work our way through that over the year. And so that leads me into 2013, and I talked to you about margins in 2013, there are 2 things driving. One is the mix shift, with the larger proportion of 650 and 280s with lower margins at the moment compared with 450s and 550s. It's also about 650 production, which I alluded to, and we have factored the green and completion production rates to account for the balance -- this imbalance in production flow from green completions that will take the duration of the year to resolve. Let me give you, I think it might be helpful for you to understand where we are, and I will give you some color, I think some real detail on how we're seeing our rates and our margins. So let's talk about 650 manufacturing. Overall, the manufacturing of these aircraft is going well. However, not surprisingly, due to the prolonged FAA certification process and our decision to continue manufacturing G650s during that process, there is currently this disequilibrium between initial and final phase manufacturing. And that disequilibrium is the result of retrofit work, mandated by changes to the configuration of initial G650 green aircraft after they were manufactured to conform with FAA approved configuration. So as I say, we've got through the margin guidance we've got in 2013. Anticipate taking the majority of the year to rebalance our initial phase and final phase production. We have some opportunity there, but I'm not willing to call it yet.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, that's a very good question. It ought to be clear from the charges that in some respect we took our eye off the ball. Some of our business units performed superbly, but that benefit hasn't accrued to the benefit or that value hasn't accrued to the benefit of our shareholder, and you can better believe that we are going to be focused like a laser beam on that. I can tell you that I have -- I'm very close to our business unit presidents. I know their business. They know their business, and we are completely aligned with the prime directive. And that prime directive is drive cost out of our business, generate earnings and cash, expand our margins and reassure our shareholders that we're wise stewards of their capital. We are going to be focused on operations, and you're going to see that across every single one of our businesses. And let me tell you something else, too, as I think about our business. One of our key jobs is to manage and mitigate risk. And classical risk area argues for diversification, and one of the things that I think we need to understand about GD is we have diversification in 2 respects. First and clearly, we have diversification and countercyclicality with Aerospace and Defense businesses, right, it's pretty active manner. Second however, within our Defense businesses, we are somewhat countercyclical. With the Navy and the Army, our exposure to the Army and the offsetting exposure to the Navy portfolio. So while I see some contraction in our Army market, the Navy tends to be as a result of tactical changes in the budget. The Navy tends to be more strategically driven and vary depending on whether we are in a hot war, that balance between the Navy and the Army. So when you look at that, even within the defense portfolio, I like our balance.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I'm not looking at reshaping our portfolio at the moment. I don't see any compelling reason to do that. We've reset our businesses. Some of the acquisitions that we've made, I'm not a particular fan of, and had I been consulted wouldn't have done. But that said, the teams that we've got around each of these acquisitions are well poised to do -- to perform well. They're poised to perform well. And I got a lot of confidence in these guys, I got to tell you.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so, look, let's take that in several parts. What you're going to see us do is pursue -- and I can't say this enough -- pursue margin expansion and generate cash and earnings. We are not going to chase revenue. We're going to stick to our knitting and do what we know how to do. This company has a long history of operating excellence, and it's perform, perform, perform. Now that said, we've got, if you look across the portfolio, we've got some real opportunities for organic growth. And I would point you to the Marine group. When you look at the 2-per year Virginia-class, as well as the Ohio replacement program, we've got, frankly, unprecedented growth in the modern era in Marine. And that to me is again all about performance. I like where we are on Combat Systems. It's interesting that nobody has asked me this question, but I'm going to answer it anyway because I'm itching to. The story in Combat Systems over the last few years has really been about Europe. It's not about the domestic or it's not about our domestic companies. They're pretty stable. And Land Systems, the big gorilla there, is extremely stable on its vehicle orders and on its vehicle backlog, and they know how to do what they do. So I like where Combat is. I like where Marine is. Aerospace, we've got to take advantage of the growth in Aerospace, and IS&T, we've repositioned, we've reset their plans. Their backlog is stable and those guys know how to do what they're going to do. So I think we're very well-positioned to deal with any changes that we see in the defense budget because -- yes, let me tell you something, that all comes down to agility, right? What I want to know is, give us the balls and the strikes and we're going to react. Tell us what the spending is going to be, allocate any cuts across the various portfolios and then it's our job to rightsize our businesses, drive costs out and perform for our customers and our shareholders and our people.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Hey, you got that right. Hey, listen, if you think about GD, one of the things that we do very, very well is all about contracts. If you get bad tees and fees in a contract, you are so far behind the power curve that it takes you a long time to dig your way out of that hole. We are absolutely ruthless in our attention to our contracting. And we have got some terrific estimators and some very, very good contract people. And that is, by the way, that is the foundation that we build this business on.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Don't they ever. That is -- that program is doing better than anyone could have expected. And I'll tell you, this is just my own little view, but when those ships hit their speed, I think they're going to have a profound impact. I'm out of my lane when I talk about that, but you know what, it's just my intuition.
Phebe N. Novakovic: As I see the defense market at the moment, I think IS&T has gone through its trough. I don't see anything under my current projections that would suggest that we've got considerable revenue decline in that business. That said, as I mentioned earlier, because it's a shorter-cycle business and we've got a fair amount of O&M exposure there, they are more vulnerable and more susceptible to dramatic changes in the defense budget. But as of now, and even if I look at -- you can make some estimates about planned cuts, I think we've seen the trough. But let me move to Combat for a minute because I think understanding our order book will help you a little bit. We have anticipated a number of significant international opportunities that we are very well positioned for, but that's really all I'm going to say about that at the moment. You should see some of those opportunities drop into our backlog in the first quarter. But let's think about Combat's backlog more broadly. It's about 1.2x sales at year end, and as I look at the book-to-bill for the entire group, it's been largely increasing quarter-over-quarter in 2012. And Land Systems' book-to-bill has increased significantly, and in the fourth quarter, approached 1:1. And to give you a touch more color on that, what I'm looking at for 2013 is sales growth in the international realm of about 44%. So when I step back and say, okay, if I look at my order book, I look at my book-to-bill, I look at how I'm positioned, how our company is positioned in Land Systems, as well as some of our shorter-cycle businesses, we ought to be able to do extremely well here, and we're reflecting that in our plan. And by the way, when I say plan, I've got a '13 plan, but I see possibility for margin expansion and earnings and cash generation well into '13, '14 and '15. So we got a nice balance here.
Phebe N. Novakovic: By the way, I would not be leading you implicit in the guidance that I have given without a fair amount of confidence in these various orders.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, the way I think about this, here's kind of what we've done. We've cleaned up our business, 2013 is our reset year, and I'm going to be pretty conservative here. But don't get out ahead of me, but I'm going to be pretty conservative here and I think that's prudent. We've got some potential budget cuts coming our way. I've got -- the business unit presidents and I are aligned in taking cost out. But I'm going to stay in a fairly narrow band here, in a range that I feel comfortable in guiding you to at the moment. If I see some upside in the year, I'm going to come back at you.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I think we're going to be slightly in -- look, I don't have a target, I'm just telling you what I'm seeing in our pipeline and in our book-to-bill and our backlog. But I'm not -- I think it's in the -- getting approaching the mid-40s.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes. Now listen, the issues with respect to what I consider to be a somewhat broken internal process, we will address. And you can bet your bottom dollar we're going to address it. But I want to incent this management team to do what we're telling you we're going to do. And the value proposition for GD, margin expansion, earnings and cash. Focus on the basic, perform, perform, perform. Meet our plans and deliver that value to our shareholders and our customers. Can't be any more simple than that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, I'm going to focus on operations in '13 and we're going to continue to do what we are capable of doing on the operations side. And I think you couple that, that discipline that we've had and we're capable of, with very prudent and shareholder-friendly capital deployment. Hey, listen, one of the things that we need to do is reassure our investors that we are wise stewards of their capital, and we will intend to do that. So I will be very cautious going forward, shareholder-friendly, continue to perform, focus on our customers and our people and lead this -- it's interesting, you both lead and serve the management team and the company, and I got to tell you, we are a very, very tight, cohesive management team. And I've got an awful lot of confidence in them.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Then you're going to drive for earnings and cash, aren't you? I mean, there is no point chasing revenue or pretending that one is in a growth market when you're not. I think what you want from us is realism, putting the mirror up to our face and saying, here's what we see. And based on what we see, delivering on our promises.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, the vehicle -- let's talk about Land Systems. The vehicle market is year-over-year from '12 to '13, our vehicle line of business. That's both tracked and wheeled is essentially flat. And it's a mix of domestic production and international. And I think we have, in fact, we have reflected declines in our decreases in our domestic Army customer's requirements. And we're balancing those with international orders. It's just that simple, and that business -- so given that balance and given what they've got in their backlog and given what you're likely to see in the first quarter in terms of additional backlog, I like that balance. I think that's a diversified and frankly, risk-adjusted portfolio.
Phebe N. Novakovic: The budget that we see for '13, we have factored into our plan. And we can sustain within the current planning cuts across the portfolio. If they get at the level of sequestration or some of sequestration and I take a look at '13 and '14 and the need to come back and rebalance and reassess our guidance, I will. But I got to tell you, even if we've got pretty significant cuts in '13, we have seen very, very little impact as I walk through each of my businesses on the defense side. So absent some, as I mentioned earlier, draconian cuts, we're going to be all right in '13.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me preface my answer with giving you some details about our production rates. We're planning 139 green deliveries, 113 large cabin and 26 mid-cabin. And to my point earlier about the rebaselining of completions and manufacturing, we're going to -- our fly rates reflect about a 50% increase in outfitted deliveries. So look, what does that tell you? If you know us, what you know is that we have historically used our production rates to adjust with respect to our -- reflecting our backlog. And that's exactly what we've done here. Everything that I see in the backlog, as well as in our current pipeline, makes me very comfortable with those production rates. We still have demand for our 450, 550, 650, the 280 is coming on strong. And we are well-positioned this year. As I told you, the issue here is at this moment not about our production rates. And look, if you know us, and you know us over time, and you've watched us over time, if we see a -- if something happens and some exogenous factor happens in the overall economy, we will adjust our production rates and we'll come back at you. But I'm not seeing that at the moment. This is very realistic and doable.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so interestingly, the largest demand we saw was in our -- was within the Fortune 500 as they're replenishing their fleet. And then I think if you think about the demographics across our portfolio, Asia was down, not surprisingly. And regarding the details about who makes up what percentage, approximately 30% were from individuals, 30% from private and 40% from public companies. But one of the things, again, I like about that backlog and our order book is that it's balanced. We've got North America, we've got Europe, we've got Middle East, Asia. And they tend to ebb and flow somewhat countercyclically. So the good -- one of the very good things that I see is that the Fortune 500s are back into the market.
