Jay Johnson: Well, look, we see continued activity in the mid-cabin as I highlighted, Rob. It's not -- it certainly doesn't compare with the large cabin activity, but it is -- I would categorize it as being fairly steady at this point. We're going to deliver 15 to 20 this year. I feel very confident in that. It's too early to call next year yet, but I like what we're seeing thus far. And it really is across all the models in our portfolio. I'm reading from other mid-cabin OEMs that they're seeing continued activity as well. So I think slowly but surely, we're getting ourselves back into that market. And as you know, it's not a large portion of Gulfstream, but we're encouraged by what we see across the markets there.
Jay Johnson: Well, we keep ourselves, as you know, in the 18 to 24-month backlog, and that's kind of where we are now. We get on the long side of that, we can ramp it up an airplane or 2 and we're not afraid to do that. But for now, I kind of like where we are.
Jay Johnson: We're in the process of doing the latter as we speak, Mike. But let me just say there are 2 pieces to this, okay? One in jet is the services business, which is doing quite well. I'll put that aside for this part of the discussion. The Completions business is challenged, as I've described this time and in previous conversation. And it really does come down to OEM volume cutbacks, which have caused us to have to reshape that business. And then the OEM -- sorry the narrow-body wide-body completions. I think the best way for me to describe that is to say that what happened to us at jet completions is that the volume in the front door overcame the throughput efficiency that we had on the deck plates, if you will. And so we brought them in the front door but couldn't get them out the back door in a timely enough manner. When they got out the back door, the quality, the product was fine, wonderful, actually, but it just -- you couldn't get them through the flow. We've taken very, very specific steps, and as I mentioned to reshape that business, to resize it we've put a lot of new talent in there to help those on the shop floor and we feel good about everything we're seeing. But as you would expect -- and, oh, by the way, while we're doing this, we wicked down, if you will, the volume coming in the front door which is, as I mentioned in my remarks, part of the issue with the rest of the year, okay? In terms of volume. That's a temporary condition that is being adjusted, in fact, as we speak to continue more volume in there, now that we're getting our processes and throughput efficiencies in the stride. That won't happen overnight. That will take the rest of the year. But one thing I am certain, as I mentioned in my remarks, with the leadership team we have in place, the management of that production facility over there, I'm very confident that 2012 is going to be a better year for us than 2011. We're just going to have to work our way through it
Jay Johnson: I don't know that I can quantify it, Troy, but I mean, you heard in my remarks. We feel it particularly in IS&T, we particularly feel that in some of the short cycle pieces of Combat Systems, as I said, you're obligating 12 months worth of budget in 5 months. And contractually, that's really hard to do. So we're not the only ones that are saying this, obviously, but it's just the reality that we're dealing with. So things move to the right. Nothing's really falling off the table, but it's just going to take longer. Remember, in Combat in particular, we're ramping markedly in the second half. That's kind of always been the plan, but it's exacerbated somewhat by the CR delta that we're dealing with. IS&T, we're really pleased with the turn at 1x on book to bill or very close to it, and we project that for the year. So we'll gather stride here as we go, we are gathering stride as we go. But inevitably, we're going to push some of it to the right. We are seeing that.
Jay Johnson: Gulfstream, as I said, Cai, it continues to do extremely well. I think that -- let's talk about the R&D for a second. Net R&D is up this quarter. That's really a function of not the R&D itself growing much at all. It's a function of the launch assistance being, for example, 1/3 of what it was last quarter. It's kind of timing. For the year, you know well we're kind of the 2% to 3% folks with our net R&D investment. We're still there. So it's a quarterly blip, if you will, against a year that's essentially a little bit higher, but not much higher than we normally see. Some of that has to do with 650, some of that has to do, in terms of our spend, some of it has to do with across the product portfolio. But the R&D expense is a little bit higher this quarter, no question about it. Jet. The profitability of Jet, as I indicated before, we were challenged, we're challenged right now. It's going to take, I would suggest, several quarters to work our way through this. But I'm encouraged by what I see and each quarter will be better than the one before it.
Jay Johnson: I don't disagree with you at all, Rob, on the reality that the shipbuilding budget will come under some pressure. I would suggest maybe the term -- the numbers may be different, but the shipbuilding budget, historically, has always seemed -- my experience is that it always seems to come under some pressure. But that said, the things you talk about are very relevant in that. Look you've heard this from me before, we are a global Navy, we will always be a global Navy. To be a global Navy, thou shalt have large combatant vessels, okay? You need carrier strike groups, okay? You need submarines, both attack submarines and ballistic missile submarines. And you need surface combatants and all auxiliaries attendant to that force. That's not going to change, okay? How we shape it is the challenge. And you've heard me say again, in times past on the surface combatant side, the DDG 51 is going to be, I believe, the long-term mainstay for the surface combatant Navy, okay? There's a whole new flight of ballistic missile-capable 51s that will be coming in the next tranche. And we'll be building 51s, I believe, for quite some time to come. The points you make about the submarines is a very big part of the challenge I think for the Navy, and frankly for the country, in terms of dealing with the requirement for Virginia-class submarines to replace the Los Angeles class, as well as the Ohio replacement program for the SSBN(X) or whatever they're going to end up calling it. Will they compete against each other? My sense would be yes, they would. But we're going to have to figure out a way forward that accommodates both of them because the requirements are fairly well sacrosanct. There's a lot of talk, as you highlighted, about do we put another missile and modify the Virginia class? Look, I don't know. I don't know where that's going to go. But the strategic requirement for the ballistic missile submarine is inviolate, okay? It is the most survivable leg of the strategic triad. And nobody's talking about doing anything with that. It's a question of how you manifest the Ohio replacement program going forward. As you would expect, we're in the thick of that with our electric boat engineering and development efforts, and we'll help shape that outcome as we go forward. But that will be a very robust discussion. The carriers, my background keeps me interested in carriers, but my business doesn't deal with carriers at this point. So I'll let Mike Petters talk about the carriers.
Jay Johnson: Okay. Look, let me take them backwards. The share repurchases, you know that we're tactical share repurchasers. We've always done it that way. We'll continue to buy shares when the market tells us that it's appropriate to buy our shares. So whenever that's the case, we'll be in the market. I mean, we keep the authorization up and we're very, very pleased with the value we're creating with our share repurchase program, particularly when you look at us with the Aerospace growth engine that we've got and what's coming in the next 5 to 7 years, buying back our shares right now, we think is a really good move for our shareholders. That said, now let's talk about T-AKE and MLP. They're actually feathering together -- my words, not Fred Harris' words, they're feathering together very nicely out at NASSCO and will flow one right into the other to be followed by, I believe yet to be detailed, but followed by the TAOX program. So that part of NASSCO, the Navy build at NASSCO if you will, looks very positive for us going forward. The T-AKE performance is superb. You heard me say that, you see it in the numbers, I would suggest that the MLP performance will be likewise very, very, very strong because the design for that MLP is that it was as complete, is as complete as any ship we've ever built. So we know exactly what we're doing as we build that series of 3 vessels, and are very confident in our ability to generate really good margins out of it, okay? So don't forget also that we've got other volume impacts, if you will, out at NASSCO. One is the repair work, which is steady and actually increasing, which I think last year was like a quarter of their sales and earnings. That will continue, as I said. The commercial side is still out there. I mean if you look at the addressable market in Jones Act ships alone, nearly 100 ships. Sooner or later, that market is going to have to get serviced because the Jones Act ships are getting very old and they're going to have environmental, et cetera, challenges as you know, single-hull, double hull. We've talked about some of that before. We have not translated any of that into contract yet, but that market will come back. So we think NASSCO is in a great position right now, and as you know there are premier shipyards. So we're proud of what we're doing at T-AKE. Underway, I saw my first picture. I haven't been out there yet to see it, but I saw my first picture of MLP yesterday and it's real, okay? It's in the build, MLP 1 is very real. So we're anxious to get it in the water.
Jay Johnson: Well, listen, I'm very pleased with what's happening with 650 as I said in my remarks. I mean, we're back in the air, we're flying our test points and proceeding towards certification. Yes, it's going to be later in the year. I'm not aware, Howard, I'm not aware of anything material, shall we say, or significant that's been changed or that we're doing to the airplane that would cause certainly a need to be concerned about it. It's performing beautifully. So off we go. I still, as reflected in the guidance that I delivered today, I still am really confident that we're going to get 10 to 12 green deliveries this year. And so I'm still on the 650 bullishness if you will. The backlog in 650 continues to increase, okay? We're taking orders for 650, so it's still a great program for us.
Jay Johnson: I'm not going to quantify any cost. I mean, these are good business leaders that are running their businesses to become more efficient, given the realities of the world. I mean the savings and the macro terms are probably de minimis. But it's important for them to maintain their competitiveness and efficiency, and that's exactly what they're doing. It made sense for us to move the headquarters of our European Land Systems out of Vienna into Madrid. Why? Because European Land Systems' core of business is resident in Spain. It's things like that, that just make good business sense. More opportunities will come to us with the Spanish headquarters for ELS than was the case previously. So it's the charge I give to the business leaders. It's a charge I give to the business leaders to run their businesses to be more competitive and efficient that will continue. There are others I didn't even talk about this morning in IS&T and other places where we've resized some of the businesses to maintain our competitiveness.
Jay Johnson: No, I mean -- the rate decisions -- we have given you the rates that I see for the next several years are really going to be determined by how our -- as I use the words, how our battle rhythm develops down in the production facility at Gulfstream, how the vendors and the supply chain feed into that production center that you've seen down there. That's really going to determine, I think, the pace. As we've talked many times in the past, when you've got over 200 in backlogs, the desire to increase the rheostat of production is a very real one, but you don't want to do it before you're ready. So I'm very comfortable with the pacing we've got right now, but the production is going just fine. There's no -- we're moving along, we're building airplanes, it's full. The production facility has lots of G650s in there right now. We'll go see them next week, as a matter-of-fact. So I'm very encouraged by what I see down there. But again, we're going to pace the production to our ability to deliver what we say we're going to deliver
Jay Johnson: No, Joe, the 650 -- I'm still where I was in probably our earlier discussions on 650. That's going to hit with margins that are accretive to the group, but not certainly what we see in our in-production large cabin aircraft. And we'll work our way over time through the latter of those 2. So I'm fine there. What it really boils down to, to your specific point on the second half, is Jet still -- okay, and I mentioned earlier, it's going to take us several quarters to work through this. But it's also at Gulfstream side, a little bit of mix, okay? More I said we're going to do 15 to 20 on the mid-cabin. And I think the number we had in the first half was 7. So we're going to have a little mix shift there. And I think in the second half, we've also got perhaps a little bit more 450 than we had in the first half. So you're going to see some of that less liquidated damages and a little bit higher as I said before R&D expense in the second half. But overall, the Gulfstream side is very strong with the elements I just mentioned. And we're going to work our way through Jet, okay. Now to your other point, about the restricted envelope, I believe that is still the case. But it is certainly not affecting our ability to proceed along our test path if you will, and at the appropriate point if they need to adjust, I'm sure between Gulfstream and the FAA, they'll adjust. But for now, we're proceeding apace and I like everything I'm hearing about our 650 test program. And I mentioned it in my remarks as well, but I thought that since you asked about 650, I would also suggest that the 280 side is proceeding very nicely toward certification as well. That's a sweet airplane, as I've talked before.
Jay Johnson: I think the way I'd characterize it was suggested in my remarks, Noah, that it's a very dynamic environment. And I think I certainly am confident in what I see this year as I reaffirmed this morning. I've got a pretty good sight line, I think, based on what went in and what next year's going to look like. But then I think we need to see a couple of things. One, we need to see what our customer, our army customer does with their combat vehicle review that's ongoing and should come out before too much longer, which will inform us. And so their views of basically all the major platforms. And then I think we all, all of us, need to look at what happens with what's going on right now in terms of the debt ceiling and all appended to that. And very specifically, as it applies to the Defense businesses, the roles and mission study that's underway. And I think that will be the best source of look-ahead knowledge if you will beyond say the year 2012. I mean, I just think anybody who said they've got a clear sight line on 2013 and beyond I think is making it up.
Jay Johnson: We have not gone through our authorization. That's just a fact. I mean, we've got more repo we could do if the market talks to us appropriately. But as your IT margins, they, like everyone else, are very aggressively taking costs out of their business and reshaping and performing extremely well. And I give that the most credit, that We're very competitive and we're very good at what we do across that very diverse portfolio. So all elements of our IS&T business are performing very well right now. So I mean, they're mature programs, Tactical Communications, good execution in IT service, bringing home some big contracts and outperforming those contracts. I'm very pleased with what we've seen in IS&T. Very bullish on the whole group.
