Phebe Novakovic: All right. Thanks, Kim. Let me move on to give you updated forecast for the year. The figures I'm about to give you are all compared to our January forecast, which will be posted along with today's guidance on our website. In Aerospace, we are sticking with our same earnings estimate, but we'll get there with higher revenue and about a 100 basis point drop in margins for all the reasons I mentioned to you a few minutes ago. We are still holding to our delivery estimate of about 160 airplanes. With respect to the defense businesses, Combat will have revenue of about $200 million higher than previously projected as a result of continued demand. So look for total revenue of about $8.7 billion. Margin should be about the same. All in, operating earnings will be up $30 million over the previous forecast. Marine Systems revenue should be up $1 billion of Electric Boat and somewhat at Bath. So we will have annual revenue between $13.4 billion and $13.8 billion with an operating margin around 7.4%, with operating earnings up around $45 million over the January forecast. For Technologies, we are not changing our earlier guidance to you. On a company wide basis, we see annual revenue up about $2 billion, with overall margins down about 30 basis points. So total revenue of $47.8 billion to $48.2 billion, and operating earnings up modestly. All up, that indicates EPS guidance of $14.40 to $14.50, $0.05 over prior guidance. I will note that normally, this time of year, we have solid insight into revenue and margin. In this growth environment, the upside has been difficult to predict with equal clarity. Should anything materially change in Q3, I will give you another credit guidance. That concludes my remarks, and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. So very late in the certification process, we had a requirement to bind together some wires in the tail of the airplane. So relatively simple fix. For those airplanes that we had already built, we took the tails off. For those that we were building, we just didn't put them on. So this is largely behind us. And contributed to a bit to the cost impact on lot one. But I would note that it's extremely hard to discern anything meaningful looking from the outside in here. This is, as I said, largely behind us and was pretty late in the process. And not particularly difficult to do.
Phebe Novakovic: So we tried to give you some color around that. In the remarks, I'd say that we typically see in any U.S. presidential election, a slowdown around the election. And I think this won't be any different. But we do expect, as I noted in my remarks, a more robust fourth quarter because we've got the expiration of the accelerated depreciation. And the pipeline is quite good. And I gave you also some color around the geographical distribution there. So all in all, there's quite a bit of interest in our airplanes.
Phebe Novakovic: Sure. So let me take each part of your question in turn. So the Navy, working quite closely with the Congress, allocated significant funding for the industrial base, as you noted. That money has begun to flow, and it is intended for another, and it's targeted for a number of uses. One, increased throughput; two, some facilitization, some training, increased hiring. And so it's been really critical, and we've been pushing very hard to get that money as fast as we possibly can into the supply chain to help stabilize them. And let me put it to you this way. There are some supply chain providers who are improving and improving quite nicely. We still have some challenges out there that are pretty well publicized, but we're continuing to work with the U.S. Navy on how to the extent that those can be mitigated. So we continue to see cost impacts from late deliveries of out-of-sequence work, as I noted in my remarks. But we continue to be hopeful. We are hopeful that the additional funding that we're putting into the supply chain should help stabilize over time. So with respect to your 10% margin, that certainly is our goal. I think the supply chain has to stabilize. We've got to come down our learning curves on Columbia. Virginia throughput has to increase. So we will ultimately stabilize in the Marine group. And I will notice, by the way, I think you mentioned something about the workforce. We have, in the last year or so had no difficulty in hiring at our shipyards, and our training program has been pretty robust. So we've got shipbuilders coming out of that training program with a higher than typical level of proficiency. Our retention is also much better. So that gives us some confidence in the throughput and productivity capacity of the shipyards. But everything in shipbuilding is slow. So it's small, incremental improvement over time. But I think 10% is a reasonable goal over time, and there's no way to estimate that with any precision. Not going to speculate, but it is objective.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes. So I tried to give you a lot of color on that in my remarks. But with respect to the binding of some of those wires in the tail, that's largely behind us. And with respect to the margin trajectory, we see nice margin improvement in this quarter and then again in the fourth quarter. Think about the fourth quarter as mid- to high-upper teens.
Phebe Novakovic: So on the service side, services, as we said before, will grow with the expansion of the fleet. Our objective is to get as much of the Gulfstream worked as possible, and we've got the vast preponderance of that already. Services is growing this year. As is, by the way, special mission, which is driving a lot of the revenue increase this year, but we should see nice steady growth over time in the service sector. And there's no real -- with respect to services, there's no real difference in any of the competitive environment.
Phebe Novakovic: So we continue to see a very active pipeline. I think the available market at the moment is over $120 billion, it's pretty robust. And we've been winning our fair share and a little bit more than our fair share. So we believe that over time, that will continue as it has in the last couple of years drive services growth and frankly, at Mission Systems as well. So I think technology is positioned for a nice steady slow growth, which is exactly what we have promised in the past and what we're delivering. So pretty steady.
Phebe Novakovic: Pretty good for us. The service business, and we expect it to continue to grow this year, which is driving a lot of the revenue increase, along with special mission.
Phebe Novakovic: So the bookings continue to reflect the threat environment. Both that they were driven in the quarter, both by international vehicle orders and U.S. ammunition and Army programs of record. And I think we'll see as we're going forward, I'd say that Combat Systems is typically, as we talked about in the past, probably a mid-14% margin business, but it will have quarter variability, sometimes up around 15%. So it's really a question of mix. In the moment, we see increased what we call sustainment, think about repair and support, which tends to carry a little higher margin. And you didn't exactly ask this question, but I'll sort of answer it. As we move from the lower margin facilitization work to the higher-margin throughput on -- that's generated like the throughput on ammunition, you'll see a little bit of margin expansion there.
Phebe Novakovic: I don't think we've broken out cash for you by business group. I think Kim tends to give you a fair amount of color on what was going on in the third and particularly the fourth quarter of unwinding some of the prebuilds in Combat with the deliveries of those vehicles and material.
Phebe Novakovic: I'd say there's good potential for higher margins along the lines that we had seen in the past. But exactly when at this point, it's hard to pinpoint. But I think we're pretty confident and pleased with long-term margin trajectory at Aerospace for all the reasons that I think you quite potently listed.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, it's hard to look into a crystal ball much past a planning period. But we anticipate for the next couple of years, increased munitions orders as dictated by the threat environment. And we're pretty confident in that. So that's kind of how I look at it. It's awfully difficult to predict the threat environment with any kind of clarity other than pure speculation outside the next couple of years.
Phebe Novakovic: Yes, a couple of years. I wasn't clear on that. I apologize. Yes, I'd say a couple of years of this. I'd say three, four years max, somewhere along those lines. And then we'll see. I think there have been some profound lessons learned about the criticality of munitions, ammunition. So I expect those to be incorporated in force is thinking.
Phebe Novakovic: A couple of things, including services, as I had noticed, increase in services and also an increase in special mission which are kind of lumpy, as you know, and we've talked about in the past.
Phebe Novakovic: Planning purposes is the latter. But that's probably all the clarity we've got at the moment. It all depends on the certification process, but we anticipate, I think and reasonably anticipate that they'll come out of the gate very strong.
Phebe Novakovic: So we opened up the facility. The first line is running and producing as we anticipated. We are standing up lines 3 and 4. So that's a material increase in the throughput of that facility, but it's a modern facility with a very strong and good workforce. So we're pretty encouraged that we will quickly come down our learning curves and produce at or above our plan.
Phebe Novakovic: I will take that in the inverse order. Don't anticipate any particular changes in AJAX. The vehicle is performing extremely well. The U.K. Army is pleased with it. So I think that, that's a standard piece of kit for the U.K. Army. With respect to the U.S., I think it's -- the Ukrainian supplemental certainly helped, but was not the only source of funding for munitions. And frankly, the munitions demand is a reality independent of, I think a lot of other things based on the lessons learned that most land forces, I believe have incorporated at this point. So we expect that to continue.
Phebe Novakovic: The supply chain has improved, but it is not completely healed yet. So I suspect we'll continue to have some out-of-station work.
Phebe Novakovic: I think that in this growth environment, revenue has been harder for us to predict. And just the input of contract executions and the impact of contract execution. So that's why we have a little less clarity than we typically do at this point, as revenue is a bit harder for us to identify with the kind of certainty that we typically can.
Phebe Novakovic: I don't have that exact comparison, but these are going to be very healthy margins, as you can imagine, on these airplanes.
Phebe Novakovic: So this is -- we continue to see a strong growth profile for the Marine Group for the foreseeable future. In fact, for some time to come. Driven by, as I noted before, the threat environment. So growth is continuing. Some years, it will be a higher rate of growth than others, but it is a growth trajectory.
Phebe Novakovic: So I think we've got a very balanced plan through this year and the way we think about the market. Certainly, the pipeline supports that and has supported it. There's an awful lot of interest in these new airplanes. So I think we've planned accordingly. And I think as I tried to give you some color in the remarks, the pipeline remains strong, and that's the best indicator of near-term future growth.
Phebe Novakovic: It doesn't stand to reason that the further out you go in the future, the less your confidence is? It's actually, I think a truism. But for what we can see, we're -- we like what we see in the pipeline.
Phebe Novakovic: Well, that was a tragedy for the individual, the family and for us. From a business perspective, it's a very small line.
Phebe Novakovic: So NASSCO learning and performance on the T-AO, the oiler is going quite well. We're delivering the seventh of the A-class ESB, and repair continues to be pretty strong as the demand from the U.S. Navy is increasing.
