Phebe N. Novakovic: Sure. Interestingly, our book-to-bill was the same this quarter as the year ago quarter, and Gulfstream booked orders for each of our aircraft in the quarter. 80% of our large-cabin orders were for 450 and 550 models. So if you think about the half, about 50% of our orders on large cabin were 450 and 550. We also increased sales of our small to mid-cabin aircraft over the first quarter. And overall, in the half, orders increased 30% -- 37% [ph] from a year ago. The U.S. market, by the way, led this order increase. And I'd say, in general, our order book is holding up very well. I like where we are in our geographical distribution. I like having some balance as a way to manage risks and mitigate overexposure to one market. So we're -- our funnel is robust and we are turning interest into orders.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, this seems to be an issue or a question that many of you have. But the fact of the matter is that on the 450, 550, we have renegotiated a series of contracts. And in some instances, we are paying higher prices as material costs go up and labor goes up. So we need to offset that through performance. I think that, that's basically just the law of economics as we think about our supplier base. I will tell you that this is not a onetime payment, that the increase will last the life of the contract. So as a result, we do expect margin compression in the second half. And it will be partially offset as we -- in fact, wholly offset as we move forward and move down our learning curve, also on both the 450, 550 and 650 and 280. I will tell you that the first quarter -- the first half performance in productivity in Aerospace was just superb and well above our expectations. I did give you some granularity on what's happening with respect to the increases in supplier contracts from 450s and 550s. We do plan just because of the vagaries in production to produce 2 fewer aircraft, large-cabin aircraft, in the third quarter and we're going to grow our green aircraft deliveries in the third quarter for the mid-cabin, which is going to cause a mild mix shift. So as we come down our learning curve from 650, 280, that pickup will offset in part the higher supplier costs on legacy cabin models. So while some of you may find it difficult to understand why it is that we have increasing prices, I will tell you that, that's often the case despite the maturity of the program. Costs do increase.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, I don't think we're going to -- we are not going to see those margins for the same reasons I explained as we get the impact of some of these other changes. All wholesome, by the way.
Phebe N. Novakovic: As you know, we plan our production every year at the beginning of the year, late in the fourth quarter. And for '13, our production rate is set. We will look at our '14 production rate later this year. I will give you a little bit of color on the 650. We look at our learning curves in productivity on each one of our airplanes every quarter. And we had a significant improvement in green, and most importantly, completions margin in the second quarter on 650 as Gulfstream worked through that disequilibrium I talked to you about before between initial and final phase production more quickly than we had anticipated. And if you think about it, as a result of working through that disequilibrium faster than we thought, we saw a step function improvement in our learning that's just not normal learning. As we move forward, we won't see that kind of learning on a steady-state basis. So I hope that gives you see some additional color.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, let me explain our -- when I spoke to you on the fourth quarter call, my projections about revenue at Combat Systems were based on in anticipation of a series of large international orders that have slipped to the right. I think that I have demonstrated my inability to be an accurate prognosticator of timing on international orders, so I'm not going to walk back into that. But I will tell you with respect to the international orders, the circumstances that existed when we first talked to you about them are still extant today. It's simply a slip to the right. So as I think about Combat, clearly their first half is affected by the lack of these orders and there are multiple orders slipping to the right and we have anticipated that they will come in, in the latter half of the year. But as you would expect, the later they come in, the more of an impact they'll have on revenue. I would tell you, however, that we do not anticipate any material impact on their earnings -- in Combat Systems' earnings for the year as a result of that slip.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so we had a nice win there, but the customer has asked us not to disclose the funding levels, so I don't intend to.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Answer your second question, no, it does not anticipate share repurchases. And with respect to your first question, we are going to release our Q shortly after the call, and you'll get more color on the segment-by-segment guidance. But suffice it to say, we're going to be above in Aerospace about, I would guess, around 100 basis points.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We anticipate, given our current plan, a free cash flow of about 90% of net income. And frankly, our cash will be determined by the timing of the large international orders. But I factored those in, in the second half and I'm looking at about 90%, could be higher.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So let me give you a little bit on Abrams. We continue to see congressional support, coupled with our international sales, as a bridge to Abrams' modernization. And that's really how you have to think about the tank line, is that we are currently in a bridging scenario where we will bring in international orders and maintain the lowest possible level of individual tank units to keep that line open, hold our industrial base viable and keep the talent in place. So the bottom line is we're almost there to bridging to the future. We talked to -- I believe that the Abrams modernization is now a '16, '17 -- fiscal year '16, '17 event and we're almost there. We just need a little bit of help from Congress and the international orders. I'll tell you something interesting. Congress, for almost 30 years, has been there to support America's Army in times of budgetary stress. And I have to tell you that had they not done so in the past, I kind of shudder to think what the recent hot wars would have been like without the Abrams tank.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Clearly, I guess we could, but I'm simply telling you what the strategy is. We want to maintain the minimum levels as our baseline. And then the more volume we get, the better it is for the workforce and the industrial base. And we need to be there for when the U.S. Army needs us again, and they will.
Phebe N. Novakovic: The lower bid, bidder won 5 ships, Bath won 4 with an option. So as you can imagine, we're very focused on our competitiveness at Bath, our cost structure and our build efficiency. We can -- we intend to continue to improve our performance and drive our costs lower. Because at the end of the day, we need to provide stability for our workforce and the lowest ultimate cost of destroyers to our customers with the highest profit margins in our market and that is all achievable.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We are, as you can imagine, restructuring our business. And let me give you -- in order to maintain our profitability and increase our profitability, but let me give you a little bit of color on what's really driving our IS&T at the moment. Our book-to-bill for the group is 1:1, and frankly, this is -- we've had 6 consecutive quarters of greater than 1:1 or close to 1:1 book-to-bill. So it looks pretty stable to me. You also may recall that at the beginning of the year, we reset the plan for IS&T and we're focused on earnings and cash. And I expect to see the benefits of that accrue partially toward the end of this year. And then going forward, we have some margin expansion opportunities across all of our businesses. One of the things that's driving, I think, our market is that the decline in tactical communications seems to be behind us. So we've got the revenues -- we've got revenue that's both stable and sustainable. I would also note that for '13, we have sufficient backlog to support our outlook. So going forward, we are focused on taking costs out of our business, stabilizing our workforce and we're holding our own in a tough -- in fact, we're more than holding our own in a tough environment. But this is a margin improvement story over time.
Phebe N. Novakovic: It's certainly our objective. One of the things that's constraining us right now is a restructuring that we're doing in our U.K. business. And once we get through that, that'll take some of the headwind away from -- or remove some of the headwind that we're currently facing. That's going to take us through the remainder of the year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me talk to you about that just briefly. I have consistently said that our focus this year is on operations, that I've got nothing and have had no targets on my radar screen and that M&A is not a focus for us this year. That said, if we think conceptually about the future, I think it makes sense to maintain a strong balance sheet with the budget uncertainty we are facing and as you quite rightly point out, we want to have the capability to be opportunistic with a strong balance sheet in an industry that is likely to experience some consolidation. But at the risk of being a broken record, I'm working on our operations and I think that the team's results are obvious. So I think that kind of tells you where we are.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, again through this year, I've told you and others that we expect to deploy almost all, if not all, of our free cash flow to share repurchase and dividends. Going forward, I've just explained the value proposition, we'll continue to use free cash flow in shareholder-friendly ways and maintain that strong balance sheet to give us flexibility. I just think that's prudent. It's prudent in 2 respects because we believe we can grow this business by being smart in what we acquire, number one. And number two, there's a fair amount of uncertainty. So in a period of uncertainty, you need to keep your powder dry. But that's not where we are this year. And when we get into next year, we'll begin to talk to you about how we see our positioning for next year. But right now, I got nothing on my radar screen and we're really focused on our operations. As you well know, we had some work to do and this team is doing it.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me be a little quarrelsome with you about the predicate embedded in part of your question. We are not guiding you to revenue. And I think what I've tried to tell you is we've got to manage what we can control and it's not revenue. So our job is to be a good cyclical, particularly in Combat Systems. And that's to drive costs lower than revenue declines, and we're doing that. We will continue to do that. Going forward, we have a sufficiently-- a very large and robust pipeline of international orders. And when they enter into our backlog, it will largely determine what the growth profile on the revenue side is. But we're going to fight our margins and I think that's how you have to think about it.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, I think I've given you all the color I plan to give you on the supplier contract. I told you this is not a onetime payment and I'm not going to parse the margin variances between the supply chain cost increases and our production rate decreases on our large cabin and the increases in our mid-cabin. That's just not something we're going to report on. But we will work our way through that. And what I've tried to do is give you a sense that the first quarter was very, very strong. And we're going to see some margin compression in the third quarter; and fourth quarter, we're going to improve.
Phebe N. Novakovic: In other words in large-cabin production in the second quarter, we're just -- because of the way our production planning goes, we are producing 2 fewer large cabin and that is another factor impacting the margin in that quarter.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Look, our 450 and 550 orders are very strong. As I told you, that's about 80% of our large-cabin orders and for the half about 50% of our orders. So those 2 lines are holding up very, very well. You asked about the incremental margin. We -- as I explained to you in the fourth quarter call, we had this buildup in working capital of green airplanes that we had to push through the snake, this bubble -- we had to push through the snake of completions. And we devoted an awful lot of resources to fixing that problem. And frankly, we fixed it much faster than we anticipated. Hence, my comment about the step function improvement in margin. I don't think it's prudent to kind of prematurely pinpoint what our gross margins on each -- any of our airplanes are going to be going forward, particularly the 650 it seems to be of great interest, or when they will achieve it. But we'll continue to come down that learning curve, both in the green production and most importantly, from my perspective, in completions. We don't have enough experience yet to know what a running rate, a steady-state running rate is going to look like on completions on 650. But we have made a step function improvement and we're very proud of the Gulfstream team for working through what was a difficult operational challenge.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Now George, I'm just not going to get into the variances with you. I think at the end of the day -- I'm sorry, but at the end of the day, just take a look at where are -- I've explained the big muscle movements and where our performance has been and where it's likely to go. But Gulfstream is poised to continue to do very well. This is like almost all of our businesses. We continue to learn unit-over-unit. And that's important to maintaining your profitability. That's just operating leverage and I like it.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, let me take your -- you've got 2 questions just embedded. First, let me talk about services and then I want to give you guys a little bit more detail on Jet. Our service revenue was technically down year-over-year because we sold, as you may recall, several underperforming Jet facilities late last year. But with respect to Jet, their second quarter was better than their first quarter in services and the third quarter so far is also improving. Service activity was particularly strong in the quarter for Gulfstream, which posted its, interestingly, its second highest service revenue quarter in the last 6 quarters and the third quarter looks pretty good, too. That's particularly noteworthy since we had seconded service staff to the completions challenge on the 650. So very, very strong performance. I would also point out that earnings on service increased a bit over the prior year quarter and in the first half over the first half of 2012 on lower volume. So I like where we are. Let me give you a little bit more details on jet because this is a good news story. Jet was profitable in both Q1 and Q2 of this year. And each line of their business was profitable, and we expect it to remain so going forward. And I thought I might give you some detail on Jet's lines of business. Their FBO business is at the high end of this market. Service business, as you well know, is volume driven, but Jet has good margins compared to its competition, particularly for not being an OEM. But the potentially high-margin business is completions where we had struggled for sometime on our operations, particularly in the high value-added wide-body completions market. So we have devoted a lot of our sales activity and orders in completions have picked up, so -- but more to come on Jet. They've turned the corner and they were a nice contributor in both Q1 and Q2 to Aerospace and I anticipate that they will be for the remainder of the year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so our IT services business is just under 50% of our revenue. And they're seeing some really nice revenue increases, both in their defense businesses, their Fed/Civ exposure in their commercial markets. Our ISR business is continuing to grow slowly and they had a very good quarter for margins. Our tactical communications business was the one that -- the one line of business that we have that was particularly affected by its exposure to the Army, but as I mentioned that has stabilized, that it can be a very strong margin performer. And as they restructure and embed the U.K. business into their business, they've got some upside. I would tell you though again that the backlog is there in each one of those 3 lines of business to support our outlook for the year.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I don't think that a high-performing business is ever done trying to improve itself or shoot for additional operational excellence. So I anticipate that we will continue to look for ways that we can improve our profitability, and frankly, provide low-cost products to our customers, which in a declining market revenue environment can be sort of challenging. With respect to any consolidations, we did announce the consolidation of our OTS and ATP businesses. You didn't ask this question, but I think it's important to understand our margin story for the year. We will cover those consolidation costs with realized savings in this year with no material impact. What that does for us is position us nicely going forward for additional margin expansion. Recall that this is a fairly easy business to-- relatively easy business to integrate given that they've got a number of complementary programs, and in several cases, the same customers. So I think that, that made a lot -- that was a logical thing to do as we were going through our operational reviews and we're looking to improve our profitability and service our customer with a -- it was a logical outcome. You talked about -- let me just mention one other thing, too. As I noted several times or alluded to, we did restructure our U.K. business. And I think that was important to ensure that we can continue to meet the needs of or U.K. customer. So we're well on our way to doing that. And of course, all of these restructurings are difficult. You asked a question about risks and I think I've given you, over time, a pretty good sense of how I see the risks overall. But we have no material red programs. We have programs that we'd like to have performed a little bit better, but our business units know what they are. I think the best -- I think that we talked about this on the last call, the best antidote to a budget cut is performance. And I would note that bears eat the sick and the young first. So I am -- we are very focused on maintaining our good execution on each of our programs because without that execution, you become more vulnerable. So I mean, with a $31 billion business and literarily thousands of contracts, they're likely to have a few that aren't performing up to expectations, but there are none that are a red program.
