Jay Johnson: David, based on what I see today, I still consider the slow steady growth sustaining to be appropriate. What do I mean by that? If you look at the core U.S. businesses that I talked about, Stryker and Abrams in particular, that's going to be steady business going forward, okay? Not all of that's apparent in the budget rooms [ph] you see today. But what we see in work right now, for example, with some of the Stryker development in double-V hull, et cetera, it bodes well for stability in those programs going forward. And then as I mentioned in my remarks, in the international space, we do see that as a growth business. And I also alluded to the fact that some of what we saw originally projected to arrive in 2010 is more moving to the right into 2011, and perhaps in some cases, even beyond. So that to me, bodes well for a stable to slightly nose up growth opportunity in Combat going forward.
Jay Johnson: EFV, as you know, is in the SDD 2 phase right now, and depending on what you read, it may or may not be a risk. But we're providing our seven vehicles for the Marine Corps to test. For us, it's about $250 million, I think a year going forward and it's not due to reach an LRIP until '15 or '16. So it's not a major muscle mover in the sense that it impacts us heavily in the next couple of years. So we'll see how it develops within the Pentagon.
Jay Johnson: Myles, first of all, let me just say, since you opened the 650 door, let me just say that we're very pleased with what's happening with the 650 right now in test. We've got four in flight test right now in all corners of the flight envelope. They're performing exceptionally well. We're very pleased, so we're on track, okay? Now then to your specific question, I believe, you've heard me say before that in terms of production rates and margins, I'm a little less fulsome than you would like me to be at this stage, because we're just not into full-rate production yet. But I would report that -- and you know the facility we have and you know the production capability and capacity that we built into this airframe, so we're very bullish for the longer term. But right now, I'm going to stay with 17, 33 and 33 for production in '12, '13 and '14, and the margins will be respectable margins, but growing as we mature that program. And I'm very bullish on the longer-term margins for the 650. It's going to be a game buster airplane for both the customer and for Gulfstream.
Jay Johnson: I would suggest, I mean, just based on -- I don't know. I mean, because we're not there yet as I said before. But I would suggest that relative to the large-cabin, in-production aircraft, they're probably going to be maybe slightly dilutive to that at the start and come through it as we mature. So that's an early peek.
Jay Johnson: We're progressing as we hope to progress. I'm very pleased with the completions performance that we're getting out of Jet right now. I mentioned in my remarks about going to see our European businesses. I did that on the European Land Systems side. And I also went to Basel and Zürich, and spent some time with Jet and went through some of the completion aircraft, et cetera. So I would report that steady progress has been made. We have indeed worked very hard on the front end processes for our Completions business and it's taking the desired and necessary effect. The other remark I'd make, and you know this, Carter and Joe, but when you step into something like these wide-body, narrow-body completions, it's not a two-month deal. These projects go for a long time, years in many cases. So working through that inventory, the legacy inventory and getting them back in the air and return to their customers in good shape has been an ongoing evolution, and in fact, it still goes on. But I would tell you that they've definitely turned a corner. And the future looks very bright in the Completions business, both skyline-wise and how we execute on that skyline.
Jay Johnson: Let's talk about Marine and margins. And you've captured it and I said it in my remarks, I mean, I'm very pleased with the performance at all three of our shipyards. The margins are representative of the excellence of those yards in doing what they do best. And really, the margin guidance that I'm giving is purely reflective of the mix shift, predominantly at Bath Iron Works. But also, somewhat, as we move block to block with Virginia Class, we're now into Block III, I think, as you know, and then also coming to the end of the product carrier line, if you will, at NASSCO. So what does all that mean? In the Bath instance, you know we're in the build on the first cost-plus DDG 1000. It's about, I think, like 17% complete, okay? No big surprises. We're pleased with what we've got. We like it a lot. We're in contract negotiations for the next two fixed-price 1001 and 1002 by hull number. And so that will work itself through. And so you'll see the DDG 1000 that's in the build becoming more of Bath's portfolio here as the year advances, and the DDG 51s, the mature fixed price, we know how to build these babies better than anybody. And you'll see all of that tailing down a little bit as the last two boats are in the build right now and the next one comes in, on the '11 budget, DDG 115 by hull number. Beyond that, the DDG 51s will arrive in some number. But it's just not parsed out in the budget beyond the '11 budget, as you well know. So the point of all that is you're going to see the margins come down as that cost-plus boat dominates, if you will, relatively speaking, Bath Iron Works. And then as we get into the fixed price, DDG 1000s and back into the fixed-price, DDG 51s, you're going to see those margins go back up again. I would also then comment in terms of Electric Boat, I mentioned the transition that we're still doing with Block IIs, and we're now starting Block IIIs. So the margins, I would expect, as we mature into Block III, I would expect, given that we continue to perform as a team, the way we perform right now, and going forward, we can enhance the margins in Virginia Class. And that's going to be, as you know, the major muscle mover for the Marine group. I would also add in terms of margin opportunity, the SSBN at Electric Boat, and I think you know, we're doing early engineering and development work on the SSBN Replacement, which is timelined into about a 2019 start to replace the Ohio Class SSBNs some years later. But that will also provide opportunity there. At the NASSCO side, you know that the T-AKE 14 in number will complete at the end of 2012. The product carrier's completed at the end of 2010. And that's why I changed the guidance, because the product carriers are going away. And that's a great margin opportunity that will tail out here very shortly. On the Navy side, we've got the MLP coming in on the '11 budget to enhance that side of it as the T-AKEs run out, if you will. And then on the Commercial side, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're very encouraged by the discussions we're having right now. The commercial market is coming back. And I believe that the time's up, the way we think it will, you're going to see contracts here for 2011 in that market, okay? And I'd also comment at NASSCO as it applies to all shipyards, but the most relevant current example is at NASSCO. We manage those businesses for profitability, and we're very disciplined in so doing. We just let go close to 600 people at NASSCO, because the volume was not appropriate to keep them, and we'll continue to do that as necessary, down and up, to make sure that we maintain profitability. So that's probably more than you asked for. But that's kind of my Marine view.
Jay Johnson: The order book at Gulfstream for this year is essentially where we thought it should be. I mentioned a little softness here in the latter part of the second quarter. I'm not disturbed by that, okay? I could call that just summer softness or seasonal, whatever, however you want to characterize it. But we're already looking, taking orders now in this quarter. So I see the order book pretty stable as we progress throughout the year. I also see the default activity as being very small, as we step through the rest of the year. That's based on what I see right now. So the long and short of it is, I would expect the book to bill to increase as we go forward, Howard.
Jay Johnson: Heidi, let's talk about margins at Gulfstream. Let's see, what's the best way to shape this? I'm going to give you more of the tutorial than you asked for, okay? Because this is the way I've got it stacked in my head. The forfeiture profits, liquidated damages, were not a margin driver for us, because it was as low as it's been since the downturn. So let's just take that off the table at the top. If you look at the margins year-over-year, okay, this time was better, positively impacted, because of the Aircraft Services volume improvement, which I talked to in my remarks, less pre-owned aircraft sales and frankly, those that did sell, sold at a modest profit versus the loss they sold at a year ago. And then the things you'd expect me to say, lower SG&A and then less, unless this is R&D expenditure, because we have larger supplier payments in the quarter, okay? That's kind of the year-over-year up to the 16.8%. If you look at it sequentially against the first quarter of 2010, really the difference there is the R&D expenditure, okay? So that's the lift that they got there. Looking forward for the rest of the year, why am I not sticking my nose up in the 16s, like I think, you're implying in the question? And the answer is we had the two-week furlough at Gulfstream, the overhead absorption attached to that. I do expect the forfeiture profits, the liquidated damages or whatever, to continue to decline, okay, with fewer anticipated defaults in the second half. And I expect the R&D expenditures to increase. Normally, historically, I guess, you'd say, the R&D expenditure net is more weighted in our favor on the second half of the year, and this year, it was favored to the first half of the year. So anyway, I think those are probably the major margin factors I would have for you today.
Jay Johnson: Yes, I would say so. I mean, and again, the supplier injects into the R&D, if you will, were more heavily weighted to the first half of this year, which is not the way it usually happens. But it happened this year. So we would expect to absorb more of the R&D in the second half ourselves. All that said, remember that we still sort of sightline ourselves, Heidi, at about 2% of sales for our R&D, and we're roughly in line with that. We go up a little, we go down a little, but that's still the sightline. We're very disciplined about that as you know.
Jay Johnson: Well, let me look at it one business at a time. I mentioned in my remarks that I was very pleased with the Combat Systems and IS&T growth and all that is true, better than 1:1 in IS&T and close to it in Combat. If you add the IDIQs to that, it goes in excess of 1:1. So those two, okay, better than okay. On the Aerospace side -- well, on the Marine side, I think you used the word, but I'll use it again, that's the lumpiest of all in terms of how you add to the backlog. It comes in big slugs, and then it doesn't for a while, and then it comes in big slugs again. And what you're seeing right now, quite honestly is the impending, but not yet arrival of the number two or number three DDG 1000. That's really what you're seeing there. On Aerospace, look, it's $17.8 billion worth of backlog. Yes, it came down. But here's the way I look at it, and we look at it. If you take the 650 and give that, let's say, $12 billion of that $18 billion, put that aside, you got almost $6 billion in backlog in your in-production aircraft, largely in the large cabin. That's a very robust backlog. But here's the way I look at it. I look at it in terms of who's in there and how long will it take for you to get in entering the service with an airplane you want to buy today. And the answer to that, in terms of the 450 and the 550 is 18 to 24 months. And in our thinking, in my thinking, that's kind of the sweet spot. If that backlog, given the production rates we have, the fat backlog carries an 18-to-24-month delivery time with it, that backlog is sized appropriately. If it gets less than that, okay, then we got some sales work to do. If it's more than that, then the customer base waits too long for their airplane. So that's kind of where I am with that.
Jay Johnson: I would expect so, yes. And as I said, with Marine in particular, we're working those two 1000 contracts right now. And whether that happens late this year or early next year is TBD. But it will happen, and IS&T will continue to be very strong.
Jay Johnson: Well, I think, as you well know, Cai, we focus very much on profitability and enhanced shareholder value around here. One of the ways we do that is to keep ourselves very lean and very efficient. And we, I think, set the standard for that. Our corporate headquarters, I've got, I think, 35 officers in all of General Dynamics, 35 corporate officers. So that's a pretty lean overhead organization. But to your point, we look at all four of our businesses. We look at the diversity of our portfolio. We look at what we're engaged in and what environment we're operating in back to the entrepreneurial agility of my business unit Presidents. They're looking, all the time, to see how they can enhance the portfolio we have in ensuring its relevance, and also looking at adjacencies that may give us more opportunity, or quite frankly, also looking in new areas or harvesting things that are in our portfolio that aren't appropriate for us anymore that might do someone else, something better. And a classic example of that is Spectrum Astro, which we just divested. So that is ongoing work constantly here, Cai. Now in terms of spinning something off or doing something like that, hey, right now, we're getting plenty of value, I believe. And the future is pretty well defined, I think, in all four of our businesses for the short term. For the longer term, we'll see how things develop on the Defense side. But I don't see it appropriate at this time, to do anything like spinning off a part of our business, if that answers your question.
Jay Johnson: It was down, George. But it was down net. And the reason why it was down net is because we had more supplier R&D provided in the second quarter. Yes, that's the difference.
Jay Johnson: At the midpoint of the year, Sam, my answer is that we always target 100%. And I've got nothing that's got me backing away from that right now. Will it be easy to get there? No, because of some of the things you've said and some of the things I've talked about today. But it's still the sightline we are proceeding upon.
