Phebe N. Novakovic: So, we have built our plan like we did initially last year, and that is, assuming we cover dilution. We don't know the full effect of the cost or the timing of that, once we put in place the accelerated share repurchase. So, as we go forward, we will clearly adjust the guidance to reflect the impact of that plus additional share repurchases. So with respect to the balance sheet, we have accumulated a fair amount of cash, a lot of cash on that balance sheet, and we are very comfortable with seeking additional authority from our Board, both with respect to dividends and share repurchases. So we are mindful of that cash on the balance sheet, we fully recognize that that is not the best use of cash, and you will see us very actively this year returning a lot of that cash to our shareholders, keeping in mind that we cover and protect our debt rating. So, I hope that gives you some color.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Okay. We are expecting 118 large-cabin deliveries and 40 mid-cabin. So, that's up from next year. Our fourth quarter, as you noted, Gulfstream was our strongest quarter in the past two years across all of our product lines and was particularly strong on the 450, 550 and 280. Going forward, our pipeline is robust which harbours well I think for our performance going forward. I think you can also – to think a little bit about where we are in our backlog, I think it helps to understand that the next available slot for the 280 is in the 9 to 12 month range, for the 450 and 550 in the 12 to 15 month range, and 650 in the 45 month range. So I think that gives you a little additional calibration. And you may have also noticed that we had a significant number of options in the quarter across all of our portfolio products. Consistent with our past accounting treatment, we did not treat those as orders. Let me tell you how it works. Where you exercise – when you exercise the option, then you get a slot and then we book the order with sufficient down payment. So we are confident in the reliability of these options but we are booking them according to our previous practices.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Well, okay, let me take that in two parts. It's really quite a blessing and a definite upside, both for our customer and for us to have some stability in program funding, reducing the uncertainty which is very, very difficult to manage to. So that is, the Congress are very grateful for their attempt to get back to regular order. Our programs, the Marine group, we're fully funded in anticipation of what we anticipated. Combat Systems, we received funding again in line with our expectations. And the same is true in IS&T. So all in all, I think we've got a pretty solid funding base. Now let's talk a little bit about the bottom, okay, because this is kind of where your – and I'll take that also in two parts. Let's talk about Combat. We believe we're almost there and that the major slide is behind us. Let me give you a sense of the internal dynamics of that group. Two of our three businesses have Army exposure, OTS and Land Systems. OTS has maintained very stable and consistent revenues. Land Systems, with its exposure to Army demand and combat vehicles, have seen their revenue decline substantially. On the other hand, we see increasing orders in Canada and the U.K. on the SV program. So, the Army is becoming a smaller source of revenue for us, and as I noted, we have significantly derisked our Army revenue for this year based on the experience we had with the Army last year and how they responded to the needs of the war and the available funding. So, one of the things I think that's important to understand is, these businesses are earnings and cash powerhouses. So, that gives me a lot of confidence that we'll continue to manage through whatever changes we have in revenue. But I think we're getting close to the bottom. Now, let me give you a little bit of context. I gave you the estimate for our international order of about $1.2 billion and I'll address that with you if that doesn't come-in in force during the second quarter, but let me tell you, I wouldn't have – based on last year's experience, I wouldn't have put it in this year if I weren't very confident that that is imminent on the horizon. And I think finally, just to add a little bit of textural context for you, if you think about GD at large, our Army exposure declined significantly during the course of 2013, which shouldn't surprise you given what happened on the Combat Systems side in revenue, from about 16%, and going forward for this year, across all of GD, the Army is now down to 10% which I see as another risk mitigation factor in thinking through our revenue. So IS&T, C4 is the primary business in IS&T that is affected by the exposure to the Army and we have again derisked that plan, and that's in part what's driving some of the revenue decline. So I think I've given you sort of a multifaceted answer.
Phebe N. Novakovic: That's my view, and look, we learned – and this is new territory for both our customers and us in understanding how they were going to react to their funding pressure. So we have taken that learning and incorporated it into our thinking about sales going forward, and that's why we have derisked those plans.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so let me give you a little bit of color because implied in your question drives us to a related issue of the decline in revenue at IS&T.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, first, let me say that last year was better than expected revenue year, right. We had predicted we'd be down about 5% and instead we're up 2.5%. So some of the decline we anticipated last year is showing up this year. Second, as I noted, we built an IS&T plan in which the majority of our revenues in the backlog have been derisked. So there's very little additional risk on the downside. Let me give you, to your question, a little bit of color by business unit so you can understand some of the changes. GD IT last year had a particularly great year in revenue as a result of their increases in the commercial wireless demand business and their call center operations in healthcare. So in 2014, we're seeing their revenue decline of about 10% come from the slowing in the call center revenue but a considerable slowing in commercial wireless, and I would remind you that our wireless business tends to be pretty lumpy. On intel, for our intel business, they're looking about at 10% revenue decline, which is largely driven by a mix across their lines of business that have more to do with the anticipated start times of new contracts. So where does that leave us? The real story here is in C4 where our revenues are declining by about a third. So let me help you think about this business to put this in some context. Think about it in four buckets, U.S. Army, Canada, U.K., and U.K.-based international. We held out pretty well in 2013 in C4 Systems because a majority of our sales were in our backlog, but the challenge is that the U.S. Army sales last year showed up in considerably lower volume in 2014 across our product lines, networking, communication and encryption. And it is in those lines of business that we have significantly derisked our plan going forward. Hence, part of the drive of the primary determinant of the third, 33%, reduction in sales. So, all right, that's that one bucket. As for Canada, our business is strong and I'm very optimistic about the future of the MHP program. We're very pleased that Crown has agreed to go forward with that program and we have a very strong and cooperative working relationship with our customer, Sikorsky. I also like how our Canadian commercial business looks. Finally, U.K. and international, you'll recall last year that we were pretty disappointed with the poor performance of GD U.K., and as a result we moved all the non-vehicle business under C4. Remember that Combat Systems, Land Systems in particular, picked up the SV program, which is where it belonged. And C4 has done a great job. It's taken cost out in stabilizing that business. So I think, to be just real clear here, there is considerably more upside here than downside on the revenues, but I would ask you not to get too far ahead of me.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So let me take that in a couple of parts. Referring back to my answer in the last question, we had our back to basics which focused on margin expansion, ROIC, and good cash conversion, and I think with respect to each one of those metrics, we performed very, very well. We had 11.8% operating margins, 107% free cash flow, return on sales of 8% and an ROIC of 16.6%. So, wholesome directionally correct, and that doesn't happen without the blocking and tackling on operations every single day. So the team did a fantastic job living up to their opportunities and we're going to do the exact same thing again this year. We have talked to the management team about the need to continue to focus on doing well by our shareholders and creating value. So I'm very comfortable that you're going to see more of the same. To give you kind of a sense of where we are, and I think embedded in your question is, so kind of how do we see GD, right. So, let me give you what I think about the value proposition for us and let me explain it to you in this way. For me in my mind, Gulfstream is the primary growth engine for both earnings and revenue. Marine is the steady producer of earnings and cash with growing revenue at about 5% over the next few years. So, pretty good and pretty solid. Combat is a strong operating business, as is C4, but in both instances they are exposed to the U.S. Army. The rest of IS&T remains stable. So, think about this, let me give you a little bit of granularity on this one aspect. Only two of our 11 businesses are in a significant down cycle, Land Systems and C4, from Army exposure. So our imperative there as well as in the rest of our business is to extend our margins, we're going to reduce our PP&E and working capital to the minimum required to support our revenue and manage for cash. So that is – and I think when you think about the composition of the businesses within GD, I think that gives you sort of an overview of how I'm looking at it and how I bound the risk. Finally, I would add that international revenues are increasing from 25% in 2013 if you include, which I do, three FMS to 30% in 2014. So that again is another driver of the value proposition in GD. We don't make a lot of noise about our international sales but we have year-over-year improved that percentage. So I think – I hope that gives you a little bit of the color at 50,000 feet.
Phebe N. Novakovic: It's additive now. So in terms of clearly earnings, it's slightly dilutive to overall margins simply because we continue down our learning curve. And remember, last year we had a fairly lumpy learning curve on green deliveries because of the disequilibrium that I explained to you last year at this time on the 650 retrofit. But we're through that and we're continuing to see learning improvements on 650 green and on completions. So the margins are going to get better on 650 and I expect throughout this year and into next. I'm not going to give you a real good sense of what the terminal value may be of our margins on that. We don't know yet. So what we led you – what we've guided you to is what we see, what we anticipate in our 650 margin performance, and it's wholesome and it's improving as we would hope and expect.
Phebe N. Novakovic: So, as you well know on us, we set our production rates at the beginning of every year based on what we believe the supply chain can handle, what our manufacturing, the optimization of our manufacturing efficiency. So as we have factored all of that into setting the 650 production rate, and to the extent that we have any – if that time compresses between order and delivery, we'll notify our customers first of earlier opportunities, but I don't anticipate any significant time compression, at least in the near-term. And look, what we want to be able to do is plan our manufacturing green and delivery that are consistent and improvable and repeatable every single year. So we could pull through, assuming that supply chain could handle it, make that assumption, we could pull forward additional slots and production slots but that is not necessarily good for the long-term. I think it gives us a pop and a pop that's not necessarily repeated in the next year. So, when you're manufacturing complex platforms with a robust and diversified supply-chain, you want to be very mindful of what your supply chain can handle without driving up their cost, which then are reflected in your price. So look, this is a – there's not a year that goes by or even on a quarterly basis that we don't look at, have we set the right production rate, and we're very comfortable where we are now.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We are very confident in the long-term prospects for this product. I think it's proven itself and we've seen increasing demand over time, because of all the niches that that product serves. You know, you've got to be careful when you start up a new line, both of which is tough [indiscernible] and this is a primary consideration that you structure your supply-chain. And you can't – the perturbation from a break in your supply chain is very, very difficult to recover from. So that's why we have thoughtful, predictable, managed production rate on the 650, but we are very confident in the demand profile for that airplane.
Phebe N. Novakovic: I think what I said was that we had a mix shift from – at least what I said in my remarks – was a mix shift from the mid-size deliveries. That was really one of the key factors. And then we had some increase in our – considerable increase in our 650 green deliveries but it was a little slower, you might recall that we had anticipated, because of that retrofit issue we have. So next year going forward, we see 650 production ramping up slightly, and that's one of the reasons for the margin performance in the fourth quarter, as we've got a whole – we have a number of deliveries across the board, across our portfolio in the fourth quarter really driven by, by the way, customer demands and preferences and then additional 650 green deliveries.
Phebe N. Novakovic: We are but we're going to set our expectations based less on the past and more of our assessment of the future.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Yes, so we are – we built our plan and I gave you the original initial guidance on where our EPS is based on, what we almost always do, and that is anticipate a share repurchase sufficient to cover the dilution, we didn't anticipate or we didn't put into our EPS estimate at this juncture what the results of the share repurchase are going to be, in part because we have to work out some of the cost structure and timing around that. So I think you can rest assure that going forward, probably even in second quarter, we'll give you an update of what was that looking like to us. So with respect to ROIC, as you know, we drive that, there are two components, the numerator and the denominator. Our business units are responsible for the numerator and in no small measure. Our corporate headquarters is responsible for the denominator. So we anticipate an ROIC improvement against our plan for the remainder of the year but there are an awful lot of moving parts here. I would tell you that we significantly outperformed our ROIC against our internal targets for last year. So I anticipate that the guys will get at it working hard, bring down working capital and increase [indiscernible], okay.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Largely, a question of the mix shift between the 450, 550 and new 650 and 280, and we're making a calculation about what we see in learning in margin expansion in those two new lines. Also offset in part by, as we talked about before, the significant increases in 450 cost as a result of some of our supplier – renegotiation of supplier contracts for major parts of that airplane. So, I think that Gulfstream has the opportunity to outperform but we're going to take that one step at a time. I would also note that while Jet continues to be profitable in 2014, the contribution is likely to be less as they ramp-up on some of their new revenues that they have in-house. So all up, I think we're looking at some margin compression but we'll work hard to outperform that.
Phebe N. Novakovic: Let me ask Jason to address that but we're going to put about $550 million in, but Jason, why don't you give some color on that.
