Amy Hood: Thanks, Keith. Let me walk through a little bit of this, because there are some new behaviors that I think are important this quarter, but the fundaments that you talked about are relatively unchanged. We continue to see and saw again installed base growth across all of our customer segments from the enterprise to small business. That’s happening not just because of frontline workers, but also continued expansion and continued movement in every segment where we see the opportunity to increase the installed base. We did see ARPU growth this quarter. It wasn’t as much different from the -- from past quarters. We continue to see improvement from E3 and E5 transitions, saw both again. And I think we were quite encouraged by E5 performance, particularly in Q4 as we ended the quarter, which was great to see. What you saw a little bit and I referred to it was some more in-quarter recognition, but let me talk about why that’s happening because it's got two important and positive trends that underlie it. The first thing is we're seeing longer commitments. When you see longer commitments under 606, you often have more recognition upfront. And so, we saw longer commitment and we’ve got a little bit more recognition in the quarter, and so you saw then revenue grow a little faster. The other thing that we saw is increasing focus as we were having more conversations across organizations around Azure and rethinking their digital transformation plans with us, it opens up a very large conversation around the value Microsoft 365 can bring as people go through and think about those transitions. And so, the fact that we then -- we’re often seeing extensions take place of prior commitments on Office 365 to again be longer and include the Azure contracts. When that happens, it's almost like you’re adding new products and new value and a lot of that gets recognized faster in-quarter when you see that happen. And so, when you have a dynamic where you’re seeing longer contracts plus you’re able to sell more and new things, and I think different conversations around Microsoft 365, it was a good execution by the team and I think a recognition of the value that we continue to put into that what we believe is our hero -- hero experience.
Amy Hood: Great. Heather, let me -- on gross margin, over a long-term period and intelligent cloud, given the expansive TAM and the growth opportunity we see, it will create gross margin pressure over long-term. Now over the next period, especially in H1, we continue to see -- expect to see very good hybrid percentage and execution, which help to offset some of that. So even as we continue to see Azure gross margin improvement at the IaaS and PaaS layer, just given the TAM and our opportunities, it will create long-term pressure on that gross margin number. But of course a lot of opportunity in terms of gross margin dollar growth and of course operating margin dollar growth as we move forward. When it comes to our build out, Heather, I tend to think two components. The majority of our capital expenditures is actually in server equipment, it's new capacity. It's not necessarily in the overall geo footprint build out. We will of course continue to do that where it makes sense and where opportunity presents itself. We do a very good job in terms of supply chain and being able to -- be able to get those up and running quite quickly. But the majority of the investment today is continuing to build capacity inside existing incredibly large data centers.
Amy Hood: And I will think general what we see, especially as contract gets larger, for us the opportunity under Tier 1 workloads for us to really see TAM growth. It's just expansive. And so, Jennifer, listen, I kind of think about this as we’ve a incredibly strong footprint inside existing enterprises today, that footprint and you can see it in our results. Customers are relying on us for not only that footprint, but as they continue to expand to sit under the Tier 1 opportunity we haven't seen before. And so we, of course, see multi-cloud in a lot of our larger accounts, but this type of significant commitments is an opportunity, I think, you will continue to see us execute well on.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. And I will actually combine these, because really those are fundamental driver that sits underneath this and then we can get to the specifics of end of support. There's, I think a recognized momentum with Windows 10 if deployment inside of enterprises for its security and management value prop. We worked hard and I think Satya mentioned some of the new features as we continue to invest on security for all of our products. One of the places I think it often resonates the most is with Windows 10 and inside that value. The OEM Pro number as I talked about was impacted by a number of factors, but what we’ve seen is over the past three or four quarters, a pretty consistent sort of high single-digit performance once you take out various impacts and chip supply and inventory levels on the tariffs. That performance certainly has some end of support impact to it as we've talked about before. I think, in general, what we've seen in prior releases is, it does extend a bit past the deadline, especially in our small and mid-sized business customers, and it's really important for us to continue to work hard to have the small and medium businesses find a path forward to make sure they can experience the most secure computing environment we have. And so, we will see some extension pass the line, we certainly have seen three or four quarters of that and we certainly expect H1 to remain strong. The more important part around the security management value prop is in fact I'm going to pivot back again a little bit, because it's the same thing we saw in Office. The Microsoft 365 value prop to customers, especially in the second half of the year and particularly in Q4, has three components. It has Office 365, it has EMS, and it has its Windows 10 commercial component. The Windows 10 commercial component will look far more like our success and our motion and overall being able to sell the Microsoft 360 value prop. It was a good quarter for that. We’ve seen consistent double-digit billings in this segment and it speaks to that. I expect that to continue, although you will have volatility because what's interesting about that specific metric is, it has a little bit more 606 impact than we’ve felt it's an on-prem product. And so there will be volatility in this number, but the consistent theme of being double-digit billings that really match our strength in Office 365, I think -- and I do expect to continue.
Amy Hood: And I think it's an important component of our M 365 value, but it's really not outsized. I mean, we’ve all these components value, that's really that’s been the secret of what customers look and see. They see Teams that can not only change what Satya talked about, but also develop culture change in terms of employees being able to be involved and collaborate regardless of the org chart and that is what you're going to see. When we have 500 million new applications built in the next five years, you're going to see and I believe Teams to be one of the major interfaces through which that experience and business process reinvention will happen. Teams really expand multiple categories, so I wouldn't think of adjusted productivity or even just collab or meetings but as an interface. As you see business process reinvention occur, I do think of this as the surface through which many people will experience that. And so, I would ask to try to expand your thinking on this one, it's not just Office or needed to be an Office, it's really about having employees fundamentally experience Microsoft in a different way day-to-day.
Amy Hood: When we think about bookings growth, I'm not sure -- for me -- break it down into two pieces, which is I think about bookings which were very good this quarter, has two fundamental motions. There's a motion around renewals and there's a motion around new. Both were very good this quarter and it wasn't while certainly long-term Azure contracts had a meaningful component of the new, they weren't alone and being the only component of the new. And renewals, as I mentioned earlier, we saw very good execution, not just on renewals in quarter, but really healthy behavior in terms of maybe expirations that we’ve seen happen earlier in the year getting renewed, because of the new value prop and the commitment of the sales team to make sure that we landed a really thoughtful high customer value transaction. So, while these long-term large contracts will add volatility to that number, if you look at our -- see in our balance of $91 billion and see that that also grew 25% year-over-year, you will get a sense that it certainly wasn't alone in its impact for the year.
Satya Nadella: Sure. First, I’d say we are in gaming because of what we believe are going to be the secular changes in the gaming addressable market for us. We’ve always had a gaming position with console as well as the PC, but going forward, we think that any endpoint can in fact be a great endpoint for high-end games, which is where our structural position is. And we now have a business model with Game Pass as well as all the supporting mechanisms for Game Pass like game streaming, we’ve a social network in Xbox Live that is the best in the business. So I feel we are well positioned to what is going to be a much larger market than what was traditionally gaming, in spite of all the success we’ve had over the years in gaming. Now the second point is that it builds on the rest of the cloud investment. So, if you think about what we are doing with xCloud, it's a hero workload on top of Azure. So when we think about capital allocation, what’s happening in the Cloud, what’s happening in the Edge, how we build the network to optimize for streaming the same infrastructure, for example, is what Sony has decided to use as well, and be on Azure as well as use our AI capability. So, you will see significant synergies in terms of the architectural platform underneath gaming, Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365, LinkedIn all being the same.
Satya Nadella: Yes, when I think overall, you all I think do a good job of tracking what is the public cloud competition and that’s the competition we pay most attention to. And in this context I think we see a mix. There a few of us who are at scale in public cloud who are very competitive, and anybody who decides to be multi-cloud, public cloud, those are the winners. When someone thinks that only using one cloud, we're definitely one of the names. And in the case of AT&T we were the only public cloud in there. And so that’s why we highlighted -- they highlighted us and we highlighted that in our quarterly announcement.
Satya Nadella: Yes. So, overall, I think there's no question this last fiscal year has been an absolute breakout year for Teams in terms of both the product innovation and most importantly at-scale deployment and usage that we’re seeing. And I think, in fact unlike any other time other than Windows, we've not had this kind of platform effect. Office has obviously had very, very successful individual products that have been deployed broadly, but each of them was a singular tool. Perhaps SharePoint was the last time we had a platform effect of this kind. But Teams is -- transcends all that. It's the communications tool, it's the collaboration tool, it's the line of business tool for meetings as well as business process. And so, the amount of value creation for the customer by deployment is something that we ourselves are sort of really learning a lot each deployment, whether it's on the first line. The other point about Teams is just not limited to knowledge workers, which has been really the only place traditionally we play. Even our licenses to the non-knowledge workers were just mostly licenses of the tools we built for knowledge workers. Whereas now, we actually have specific value, which is in fact very valuable to those first line workers. And the thing that we have realized is, that businesses are in fact looking to spend more for those first line worker productivity. So we’re in a very early innings of it, but we are pretty excited. The one other benefit, to sort of tease off with some of the comments Amy was making is that security compliance and governance is a huge issue for enterprise customers and commercial customers at scale. And Teams in some sense helps them a lot, because it builds on all the rest of the investment they’ve made already in Office 365. And so we see that benefit even on that front.
Satya Nadella: Yes and I would point to the conference we just finished and some of the demos, and I think the customer demos, in particular, I would say, that will sort of probably give you the best feel for how people look at this in terms of the deployment characteristics.
Satya Nadella: I will just take the second one then you can go on. I mean I think it is a very significant deal. I’m not going to comment on any specific dollar terms, it is the largest commercial deal that we’ve signed of the size and we see -- we’ve line of sight to many more such deals.
Satya Nadella: Yes, we’re very, very excited about the progress again in the last fiscal year around Dynamics 365. Both the traditional business process applications themselves have become much more modular and a much more modern and we’ve a very disruptive business model as well that goes with it. And so, therefore, we’re becoming much more competitive with very large customers deploying whether it's sales or operations. The other exciting thing is we’ve this entire new class of applications and I talked about this even into this week's conference, which is these AI-first modules, whether it's for sales, for marketing, for customer service or this Customer 360. And these are modules that there isn't an installed base of those anywhere, no competition even exist. So in other words, we can in fact have these modules get deployed in commercial customers even on top of existing business applications. And so we feel that we’ve plenty of opportunity ahead. Again, this is a place where we’re a very low share player. And so the fact that we will become a very competitive supplier of this technology at a time where the world needs more business process automation, we feel good about the opportunity ahead.
Satya Nadella: There were not any one-time benefits in this quarter that helped us. This is really about seeing improvement in some of our largest services and continue to see improvement year-over-year in the largest services. What we said for FY20 and certainly in Q1 as we expected to be up sequentially in Q1 and we will continue to get some headwind because of the strong Azure IaaS and PaaS growth we expect through the year, but we certainly think that Azure fundamental gross margin improvement will help offset that next year.
