Satya Nadella: Yes. So, let me -- first of all thanks Keith for the question. And so, let me start. Overall, in terms of the workload mix, it’s been fairly stable, which is our hybrid value proposition really has continued to resonate. So, that means there’s a bunch of workloads that are migrating to the cloud, people use both Azure Stack plus Azure. So, that continues to drive a lot of IaaS growth for us as people are sort of looking basically to lift and shift a lot of their current data center workloads. Then, on top of it, we even have modernization of apps that is accelerating. And that drives a lot of the higher level services, in particular our data services as well as our AI services when AI services are essentially compute, but what happens is all this compute then requires storage and data, and that’s another place where we see increasing acceleration. The one thing that I would say that I am increasingly seeing is Tier 1 workloads. In some sense, when you think about some of the commitments being made by some of the biggest brands in the world in terms of what they’re doing, one, it’s very core to their operation; and two, they are running it in the cloud. And so, that’s one thing that definitely is a market difference for us.
Satya Nadella: So, on the first one, I actually think that these hybrid used benefits are being sort of best kept secrets. So, I’m actually hoping that going into this next fiscal year, we do a much better job and customers do a much better job, but they don’t benefit because the advantage Azure has because of the hybrid used benefits across the entire workload are pretty phenomenal, and we had a good set of sessions at our partner meetings this week just really making sure that everybody understand those benefits. So, I don’t think that, that is really played out. If anything, all the growth we have seen is in spite of that not being broadly revenue driving growth. But to your second question I’ll even say the following which is that, I think that there is clearly difference in GM between the per user and consumption. But the key is even the consumption services come in different forms, there is the IR services, there is the data services, and some of the higher level services. Some of these IoT services now even have SaaS components to it. So, therefore, I think that the mix will be different by quarter-by-quarter, but increasingly our strategy is in many times to get our customers to get going with what is core storage or core compute, but then they scale into these higher levels of services.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I think vision that we have always had is that distributed computing in some sense will remain distributed. So, we don’t split this into, there is an edge computing, there is a cloud computing. The need for computing is on the secular basis going to increase. And as you need to reason over larger amounts of data, you need not only storage and compute to be co-located all over as the world get them embedded with computing, that’s what we are building for. So if you think about our real competitive advantage and differentiation is, we have one programming model, one identity model, security, management. So that modern developers as well as IT can use the compute available from Azure Sphere to Azure. And the reality is these modern workloads in fact lose it all. So it's not like I just build and Azure Sphere application. I build and application that’s fundamentally distributed that also happens to ransom and compute on Azure Sphere. That I think the future which is distributed computing going back to what needs to be truly distributed, even driven server-less even versus this thing about let's just have one-time migration to something new.
Satya Nadella: Overall, we are very committed and very bullish about the opportunity in dynamics. With Dynamics 365 for example, what you even to see in this last fiscal year which has been the first full fiscal year where we have this modern, modular approach to business application. I think it's very disruptive in the market place because it brings a very different value proposition. It has a price advantage and the value advantage for customers. And in it what is fundamentally fragmented mark, this is not a business application never was and never will be a winner-take-all. I know folks think about it best state, it’s not I mean it’s about one small category in one segment called enterprise. There’s a share -- high share consider it 25%, 35% of what have you. So in some sense, this one has always been about being able to serve customers especially in an increasing digitization work, right, which is the need for more business process automation is increasing. Take an IoT project, translate into a preventive maintenance in Azure and then ends up as fields service and Dynamics, that’s been one pattern and we’ve seen a ton of traction with. So to me us going in fact to these new secular growth opportunities while being disruptive to the status quo of anyone who has high margins and very high price monolithic products today is basically our strategy going forward.
Amy Hood: And to your question on the per user services, specifically Enterprise Mobility, Keith, it was a bit better than I had anticipated in Q4. And really, driver of these per user services, such as EMS, actually is the value proposition that Satya refers to, and we refer to as Microsoft 365 and we saw strength broadly. And if you think about that, it’s the Windows commercial, it’s Office 365 commercial and EMS. And really that I think what we heard a lot was the value of the security and management continue to add more supported endpoints, offer really tremendous value to customers. And we did see a bit more strength than I was anticipating in Q4.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. Let me break up that question a little bit, because you actually asked a couple of things that are important. Number one, the unearned strength that we saw at the end of Q4, you’re right, was very good execution on renewals on a reasonably large renewal base. But, there was also very good execution of adding new workloads, adding new opportunity in Q4, things such as Azure, as an example or Dynamics 365, as an example. So, really Q4 wasn’t just renewal activity, it was also new workloads and new value. So, when you look into ‘19, I am optimistic on both of those fronts, good execution continuing on renewals as well as adding new value, new opportunity. And the third component of the question was really how did the renewal base correlate FY18? And the answer is, it’s a little bigger, but it actually has the same amount of volatility quarter-to-quarter, so Q1 renewal base is actually almost equivalent to last year.
Amy Hood: And I’d say, Heather, the two components just to add. The Azure has a benefit. I think we are starting, as Satya said, we started to see some impact from that in my opinion in Q4 in the on-prem KPI. But it really was more in Windows. And the value as we continue to see in SQL next year I do think there is some opportunity for customers to realize the real value from these hybrid benefits. And so -- as to add confidence to my high teens KPI growth for the year is that this is a very customer value oriented offer. To your question on GM, Satya has obviously correct on that one. And I’d say the way we think about it is actually more -- we're talking about Azure per user, it really does move more with M365 per user. It's almost better to put that in your mind as behaving more and having more structures more like Office 365 and behaves quite similarly; tends to have good quarters, when we do good execution on Office 365, and so my comments were more and continue to be around having people understand that sales motion, and that it tends to move in that direction.
Amy Hood: Let me take both of those. On the first one, in terms of the GM this quarter, you're right. The improvements particularly in the IaaS and PaaS, gross margin of Azure did offset the cloud mix to Azure within the segment, going forward continuing to see that. I think looking more pressured on gross margin just because the amount of Azure in the mix at the rate is growing, we’re still not at that point where a $1 of gross margin in the cloud is equivalent to a $1 on-prem. That being said, we’ve a lot as you saw this quarter room to grow gross margin dollars, in that even within that frame going into FY’19. On your second question in terms of capital spent, if you think about it at a high level, our capital expenditures are growing at a lower rate than our overall cloud revenue is growing, and that’s why we’re starting to see leverage, right, flow through the P&L. And I think that the rate of CapEx growth, as I said in FY’19 will moderate, that happens because of course we’re doing some replacement overall. We're adding regions and seeing a lot of global demand, and so -- and improving margin, so I think that’s clearly the very high level as you asked the question. I tend to think revenue is growing faster than the capital. You’re seeing leverage through the P&L and we’ll see a moderating rate in FY’19 even if Q1 is the big quarter. It’s just going to be volatile as CapEx tends to be quarter-to-quarter based on both supply chain and demand.
Amy Hood: The entire impact in that KPI, I actually feel very good about that number because if you think about the $1 billion plus beat we had for the unearned, it was due to the fact that we had very good mix shift Office 365 in terms of billings in the quarter, almost very little of that gets recognized in quarter. Now, this all goes to the balance sheet. So, my confidence for FY19 in that number being the double digits we talked about in the full year guide, only gets raised by seeing that execution. So, it is really 606 related, if the way to think about it plus a mix of billings and billing strength. So, I don’t really think of that as being negative, and you saw the exact same behavior and dynamics. So, it's a pretty similar in period in quarter impact.
Amy Hood: So, let me frame it first as this thing that I and we're are seeing really customers driven, which is, if you started Windows 10 and the value the customers seek. And what we're seeing is accelerating enterprise deployment of Windows 10. When that happens, it does create demand for new devices and modern devices that improved security. So that then in turn results in a better and stronger overall OEM PC commercial market. In addition because of the macroeconomic conditions are actually quite good on this front and with the business optimism creating some wind at our back, I also think people look and say if security and value are important, this is a great time to invest in modern PCs. And particular in market where pro mix has been strong, I continue to expect to see all of those things happen, through the course of next year. Now, what you will see however, if all those things even do remain true which I expect them to, if the economic environment stays the same. H2 where we've had really strong revenue growth and a really strong market will I think moderate growth wise, just because the base it was coming off in '17 was just a lot lower. So, even if I see all the good things and good trends happening that I feel really create a great opportunity for us to sell Microsoft 365, you will see growth rates moderate next year.
Amy Hood: You're right. The first one was the benefit that we saw from hybrid, in particular, with an outsized impact on Windows Server. The second has been a trend we also talked about a little before. We saw a strong double-digit growth in premium. So, it was mix shift as well as I think strikes in the hybrid benefits as a value across the customers, those two would have otherwise I’d actually call out as drivers for the quarter.
Amy Hood: I believe the one -- I think really important thing for us is continuing to focus on creating customer value. The concept of adding a lot of value by having and giving comfort to the customers that as they make a commitment to the Microsoft platform that they can move between a commitment to on-prem to the cloud in a high value way, I do believe is a unique thing that we offer at this time.
Amy Hood: This is one where overtime there’s certainly is going to be a deceleration. This is a per user business. And 365 has that characteristic and Office has it, EMS has it, and so this quarter actually what we saw, was actually some strength in education was added a good amount seats this quarter as well as good execution across our other segments. And so, we did see a bit of growth that we were excited to see frankly on a segment where we’ve been working hard to make additional progress and add value. The team has actually done nice job in that segment, created some really modern offers, to get back and to enhance market that as well. But over the long term and as we continue to move aggressively, we will continue to seek growth dissipate, but I would also say this is going to take longer than I think many people would have thought, there’re lots of users as we continue to redefine what Office is that you add to the base. Whether that's first client workers, whether that’s an increasing number of small businesses who finally have access and value that we’re creating for them across things from scheduling all the way to being able to work through minor business process adjustments like Satya has talked about. So, really as we continue to redefine what Office means from something that people will always associate with Word, Excel and PowerPoint, to things that mean in mobile or video would stream, or collaboration with teams, I think we have opportunity to continue to add those new users, new types of users that we haven’t had access before and the capability even to users we have.
