Bill Koefoed: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. As usual, with me today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel. On our website is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides the reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. This information is available at microsoft.com/investor. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until January 19, 2013. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call and in the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Okay, and with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.
Bill Koefoed: And the other thing that I would add is obviously OSD is, we'll call it, kind of our largest cloud property. And as Peter mentioned earlier, I think in one of the questions, it obviously has achieved scale. And as a result, kind of every incremental kind of search ends up becoming 100% margin. So we are -- we're at different stages, I think, within some of the different business products. But certainly around running a cloud infrastructure, we feel like we've got quite good handle on that from -- primarily from our Search business.
Bill Koefoed: Obviously, when big-title games come out, that tends to also drive kind of a big cycle so that’s also something to pay attention to around this business.
Bill Koefoed: Yes, I wouldn't think about kind of traditional milestones. I would say one of the things that Tammy [ph] talked about at CES last week was just how important it is for us to work on and with developers to create a really vibrant developer ecosystem. And so one of the things we also talked about with the beta release was the Windows Store, really making sure we're going to have quite a few apps that are going to be up on the Windows Store at beta. Obviously, one of the things she and Steve both talked about last week is that any Windows 7 PC could run Windows 8. But obviously, there’ll be kind of some new and interesting form factors that are going to come out here as we get further on down the road. So I don't know that I would think about it except, as we said earlier, we're on track. We feel really good about where we are on the product, and this next super important milestone is the beta release and having a really great developer ecosystem that kind of surround that. So great question. Okay, so that will wrap up the Q&A portion of today's call. We look forward to seeing many of you at the numerous conferences in which we're going to be participating at this quarter. For those of you unable to attend those events in person, you will be able to follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact me or anyone on my team if you need the additional details. Thank you again for joining us today, and have a great afternoon. Bye-bye.
Peter S. Klein: Thanks, Bill. For the remainder of the call, I'll discuss our expectations for the third quarter and full fiscal year. Beginning with the Windows and Windows Live Division. We expect revenue to continue to be impacted by market dynamics similar to the past several quarters. PC growth in emerging markets will outpace developed markets, and business PC growth will outpace consumer PC growth. We also expect the hard disk drive shortage to continue to challenge the PC market to at least the next quarter. Turning to the Microsoft Business Division. For the third quarter and full fiscal year, transactional revenue, approximately 40% of the division's total, should lag the overall PC market, reflecting a higher mix of PC shipments to emerging markets. And multiyear licensing revenue, approximately 60% of the division's total, should grow low double-digits. Moving to Server & Tools. Approximately 30% of the division's revenues comes from transactional licensing, 50% from multiyear licensing and 20% from Enterprise Services. For the third quarter and full fiscal year, we expect transactional revenue to generally track with the hardware market, multiyear licensing revenue should grow low double-digits, and Enterprise Services revenue should grow high teens. Turning to the Online Services Division. We are focused on improving the financial performance of our Search business and are looking for ways to increase RPS and streamline costs. For the third quarter and full fiscal year, we expect revenue to show year-over-year improvements in RPS. Moving on to the Entertainment & Devices Division. We continue to be very pleased with our share of the worldwide console market. However, the console market is softer than we previously expected, and as a result, we now expect revenue to grow high single-digits for the third quarter and mid-teens for the full fiscal year. Switching to overall cost of goods sold for the company. COGS growth will continue to be impacted by the changing mix of revenue as we have seen the past few quarters. We expect COGS to grow about 8% to 10% for the third quarter and mid-teens for the full fiscal year. As a result of our focus on operating expense management, we are lowering our fiscal year guidance. We now expect operating expenses to be $28.5 billion to $28.9 billion for the full fiscal year, including the impact of Skype. This represents year-over-year growth of 5% to 6%. We expect our effective tax rate to be 19% to 21% for the third quarter and full fiscal year, and we still expect capital expenditures to be about $2.5 billion for the full fiscal year. For the third quarter, unearned revenue should roughly follow historical seasonal patterns. We continue to expect unearned revenue at the end of the fiscal year to grow low double-digits compared to the prior fiscal year. As we look forward, we have the strongest product pipeline we have ever had. We're pleased with the early enthusiasm around our upcoming wave of products that enable CIOs to cloud optimize their business. And we are excited by the opportunity to unify the consumer experience across our phones, PCs, tablets and TVs with our new Metro style design. And with that, I'll turn it back to Bill and we'll take some questions.
Peter S. Klein: Yes. As we've been saying, the key to profitability in that business is to grow our top line because it scales really well. The marginal impact of that is very high because it's a high fixed cost business. We have been, as we've been growing share and improving our RPS especially this quarter, holding the line on operating expenses and really streamlining. The most important thing long term, as we’ve said, is to continue to grow that share and grow the revenue per search, so we're pleased with that trajectory and want to keep on that. And we are watching the cost very carefully so that, that revenue marginally goes to the bottom line. And that's what you saw happen this quarter, and that's the trajectory we hope to stay on.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, it's part of it. There were several things impacting the gross margins in the E&D business. Obviously, one is just the volume of consoles and the mix of consoles, high end versus low end, the mix of software whether it's first party or third party that has a different margin characteristic. And so that's the biggest piece in E&D. Then the Nokia piece is also another piece that plays into that. But the biggest piece is the mix of business in the E&D business and then Nokia is also another driver of that.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, that's impossible to say, Rick. I'd say obviously, for this quarter, we obviously are very confident and comfortable with the estimate as we said during the remarks. We expect the impact to continue on at least to the next quarter. And I think the best thing to do is at the end of that, we'll probably all have a better view and we kind of assess where we are and what it looks like going forward. I'd say just generally on the inventory as well, obviously, as I've said in my remarks, there was an inventory drawdown to end the quarter. I think there was an overall -- I think both IDC and Gartner have also talked about the fact that the overall supply chain for PCs is obviously leaner than it was 3 months ago. So we'll have to see how fast kind of people ramp back up, how fast the PC ecosystem rebounds, and that will obviously impact, as Peter mentioned, inventory at the end of the quarter as well. So good question.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, I'd say Office 365 is really far along. We've had a lot of good momentum and obviously, one of the things that drive -- you up the sort of margin scale -- is getting the economy to scale with volume, and we talked about some of the numbers, the 100,000 businesses the great sort of demand we've had for sort of the Office business all up including Office 365. So I'd say that's probably farthest along, followed closely by Windows Azure as we sort of add new enterprise customers, new ISVs, new developers to that. But certainly, Office 365 is accelerating at the ramp.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, we'll take the second one first. Next year, that should go away. So to answer your question, yes, that's what you would expect and that's what will happen. On your first question on inventory, at any given quarter, inventory is going to be -- sort of go up and down depending on what's going on in the channel. As you noted, sometimes, it's a tailwind, sometimes it's a headwind like it was this quarter. It's hard to say precisely what sort of -- where it stands and what it's going to be like next quarter. We'll sort of look at it when we get there.
Peter S. Klein: It's mostly associated with OEM. I mean, the driver that we use for that part of the MBD business is specifically tied with the PC unit growth of consumers. And so as I mentioned in my remarks, we actually outperformed that but that's the best driver that -- it's not complete but that's the best driver of trying to be able to predict or interpret that result.
Peter S. Klein: Probably pretty premature to talk about that. I think we need to get closer to it. So the thing I would say is just from an ecosystem perspective, there's an incredible amount of excitement and innovation going on across vendors like the chip vendors and all the OEMs. You actually see that starting today with the Ultrabooks that you're seeing with Windows 7. And so the fact of the matter is there's a ton of innovation happening today for Windows 7. There's a ton of excitement for enterprises for both Windows 7 and looking forward to Windows 8, and what that gives them in terms of an end user experience and IT manageability. So I don't think about it so much as looking forward. There's a ton of innovation going on today. You see it in Ultrabooks. You see it in what both the ARM and x86 chip vendors are doing, and so that sort of continues sort of on a regular pace.
Peter S. Klein: Yes. Certainly, margins are a function of mix. And to the extent there’s a higher mix and higher margin products, that will have a positive impact on margins. And it's not unrealistic to think that in a launch year, you can see a higher growth in higher-margin products. So it will depend on what the mix is, but I think it's a very plausible scenario.
Peter S. Klein: Yes. We saw a particular strength in emerging markets, particularly what we call the BRIC markets, Brazil, Russia, India and China. That was really a driver of growth for us. And that's exciting for us because we've had got strong and growing positions there, and that's where kind of disproportionate economic growth is happening sort of worldwide. But as Bill mentioned and as I mentioned, we saw a broad-based strength in demand across geographies but with particular strength in emerging markets.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, it's interesting. Subscription businesses aren't that much different from our existing multiyear licensing business in the sense that it sort of bills upfront and then recognized over time, just like our multiyear licensing agreements. And so it really doesn't have a significant impact on the sort of flavor or character of our revenue recognition or unearned revenue.
Peter S. Klein: Yes. I'd say -- the one thing I'd say is the overall business environment sort of remains very strong for us. And so sort of all of our sort of macro indicators for business spending on IT remain good, unearned revenue, our renewals for enterprise licensing agreements and sort of enterprise deployments of Windows 7. In terms of PCs, as we said, there's still growth and we're still in the refresh cycle. I do suspect that some of that, well, is due to supply chain and maybe a small amount due to macro but it's small.
Peter S. Klein: What it means -- for me, what it represents is sort of the excitement and the opportunity long term in building compelling devices for consumers and businesses around the world. There's so much innovation still to get done. There's so many new form factors, so many new use cases. And I think it's great to see what the ecosystem does when it works together, as I mentioned before. In terms of the sort of price points in mass market, we'll just sort of wait and see how that evolves before commenting on that.
Peter S. Klein: In terms of the over -- first of all, yes, we feel -- for our console business, we feel really good about our sort of relative position in the market and our ability to take share and have a really strong competitive position. In terms of the seasonality, I don't think there's anything that indicates it's sort of more or less seasonal than we've seen in the past. Like many consumer businesses like this, it will always be relatively stronger at the holiday season. And in terms of some of the mixes, some of it's a function of product cycle. If you think about that Kinect centers and how we sold those into our installed base, and now we're selling more bundles, those kinds of things. Its seasonality hasn't marginally -- hasn't materially shifted.
