Satya Nadella: Yeah, I'll start, Keith, thanks for the question. Overall what we have seen is the public cloud or cloud infrastructure makes it much more possible for businesses of all sizes and developers of all sizes to get at infrastructure with much less friction than ever before. I grew up in our server business in the past. We were definitely the one to democratize servers by bringing servers to small businesses. But when I think about what's happening for example in Office 365, where we are adding 50,000 small business customers who now get the most sophisticated server technology, but now as a SaaS service, that's what's really happening world over with all application categories and that's where the growth is. I don't know long-term whether there is a zero-sum equation, but right now and in the intermediate timeframe, we see in our case growth in both sides. And in our case the vision also we have for distributed cloud infrastructure is just that, it is distributed. So we don't think of our server as a legacy business. I think of it as the edge of our cloud. If you look at what we are doing with SQL, we will have the ability for any customer of SQL to stretch even a single table from between their on-premise to the cloud. Those are the kinds of things that we are excited about. But we clearly are seeing very rapid growth and adoption of our Azure cloud. But in our case there are two unique aspects. One is this true distributed hybrid. And second is we don't think of Azure in isolation. We think about it in the combination of Office 365, Dynamics, EMS, because really it's one cloud infrastructure first of all from a capital perspective that sort of serves all of these and there's a virtuous cycle between all of these for our customers as well.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, just one thing that's structurally I think, that we think a lot about and we're very disciplined about is our capital allows us to build all of the cloud services from Office 365 to EMS to Dynamics to Azure. And that diversity of workloads long term is what lead to margin improvement. And there will be changes in seasonality from quarter to quarter, but structurally those two things, the diversity of what we are doing and how capital is utilized across all of it is I think a big structural differentiator for us.
Satya Nadella: Yeah first, as far as the Office 365 usage itself, I talked about some of the numbers of 60 million monthly active users, the fact that our seats grew 66% year over year. The small business number I talked about, the 50,000 per month additional customers that we're adding to Office 365. These are all the growth numbers and the usage growth numbers. The mix even, that information protection, I mean that's just another very important point which is amongst the customers who are using Office 365, already 20 million are using some of these premium services like information protection. And of course we're going to further expand that with new SKUs and new categories that are going to become part of Office 365. So I see that stretching on both sides, which is to small business on one end and then these premium SKUs on the other end. And we see nice attach as far as EAs to the cloud as well and that's definitely a big driver of our growth.
Satya Nadella: Sure, Heather. On the first one, on the mix between IaaS and PaaS and SaaS, the thing that we are seeing is, quite frankly, all of these are growing but the most interesting thing for me as a pattern is growth in IaaS leads to growth in other PaaS services or SaaS services. I mean to put it very concretely, take something like Azure Active Directory. That's probably the best manifestation of the virtuous cycle that we see in any of the cloud adoption that we have, right. It could be as someone coming from Office 365. It can be someone coming from Azure, Dynamics, EMS. All of those tenants get into Azure Active Directory which is our largest PaaS service because it's got even developer API, so that means more developers are using it. More IT professionals are using it as the control plane. So that's the network effect that we see when it comes to the PaaS services. And then in terms of infrastructure itself, as again I said, there's people who are tiering, even applications people who build hybrid applications where the storage could be even on premise in some cases, but the mid-tier and the web and the mobile back ends are in the cloud. We see a lot of growth there. We see a lot of growth in our data, both in terms of infrastructure but in the new services like our Data Lake services which are PaaS services. Hadoop is another good example. We see lots of Hadoop usage inside of IaaS but we also see HD inside growth. So I would say there is a real good mix of those two. And then on Windows 10, I mean I'm very, very excited obviously about what's happening with Bing. I think Amy talked about we have a $1 billion quarter with 29% growth and good share position growth in the United States. That's fantastic to see. But gaming is the other place where we talked about Xbox Live now that spans both console and PC. We see increased engagement because of that. We see in fact increased engagement with titles like Minecraft. So we have some high hopes for what we can achieve with engagement around Xbox Live across the console plus PC.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Brent. I mean that is absolutely the fact, case, that is we are seeing a much faster adoption cycle, obviously starting with the consumer side but even the 8 million business PCs that are already running Windows 10 before we have started in fact the push on enterprise. We expect the enterprise deployment to start in earnest the beginning of next calendar year or the second half of this fiscal year. But to your point, the fact that there is pull already is a very, very good indicator of, and a good sign, and it's even better than what we saw with Windows 7. And so to me that's all positive news, and but yet we're very, very focused on delivering I think new value to the enterprise customers. Because if you look at Windows 10 we've already talked a lot about all the consumer value. But just take security itself, I think that Windows 10 represents a real breakthrough in terms of security on the endpoint as well as in embedded, which we are really excited about in terms of driving the enterprise upgrade cycle.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, I mean I think the usage number is the one that, Raimo, that we talked about, which is doubling of compute, doubling of storage. We talked about the growth of our EMS, which is a higher level service. We talked about the growth in Active Directory. So we have usage growth in Azure which is very, very healthy.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, I'll go first. I think the data architecture that underlies what's happening in the enterprise underneath applications is going through a dramatic change. That said, the relational database itself remains still a very strong component, but not the only component anymore, in both on-premise and off-premise. And what we want to make sure as a company is to cover all of that landscape with a very rich data platform. So if you look at what we're doing, the length and breadth of our ambition as well our delivery today, everything from what SQL itself is doing, we have now all in-memory workloads for OLTP, BI, data warehousing built in. We have the ability to now tier even the database with the cloud. This is all the things that are coming in SQL 2016 and we're excited about that. When it comes to the cloud itself, we have a PaaS service with SQL, which is very unique in terms of SQL Azure. We have now the Data Lake service for basically petabyte, exabyte scale data management. We have higher level data services like Azure ML, which is about advanced analytics, a category we didn't even participate in the past. So we've entered that category, Revolution R fits into that. So we have a very rich story and this is not even talking about some of the other end-user BI capabilities like Power BI. So I think we have a very rich vision and execution on what is an expanding data platform opportunity. And it's nice to see us innovate on the new services while we also in what is still the big market, which is the relational database market, claim a leadership position.
Amy E. Hood: And Keith, your second question, the place you'll actually see it will be in the gross margin percentage. As Satya said, I do expect both to grow, both the on-premise and the cloud. But I expect the mix to increasingly shift toward the cloud given its sort of robust growth rate, which will impact the gross margin percentage over time.
Amy E. Hood: The way to really think about that number just because of some of the seasonality in our business, Mark, is to think about the year-over-year growth rate of 70%. For me that is more symbolic of how you should think about the pace. And that is a very fast number on a increasingly growing base.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Mark. Looking in the old segments, I know you all have done, we saw a year-over-year improvement in the overall commercial other segment that we disclosed this time too of about 10 points year over year. We saw sequential improvement from Q4 to Q1. We're still focused on continuing to have that sequential improvement, and especially as some of the things Satya talked about, which is the addition of premium services, the pace of innovation especially on the premium end. And if you think about our launch of E5, which is a premium SKU in Office 365, it continues to give us the opportunity to both get more efficient in the infrastructure and to add higher margin products especially at the fast end.
Amy E. Hood: And so let me take the second and I'll add something to what Satya said. One of the important things that's distinct about the small business market is that there tends not to be much of a lag in terms of buying and deployment. They want to be able to instantaneously use and get value very quickly and that's something we've actually seen and a real testament to our ability to add so many customers in every quarter. And what you've seen in consumer side, which it was an important point. Once we've built this installed base up to 18 million users on the consumer side, that recurring rate does in fact offset the deferral from new, and so it is an important inflection point for us this quarter. Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks guys and congrats.
Amy E. Hood: And on the server question you asked at the beginning, let me say that we did see I think around 9% constant currency growth of the core server product, and a lot of that was premium driven. Now, I have a distinction between a price question that you sort of asked versus seeing the value of a premium SKU. And so I do think it was premium driven as opposed to sort of a price driven in particular.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Karl. Why don't I take that and Satya can add. In particular what we saw this quarter was really as much about the mix of the devices that the OEMs are bringing to market as it was in the absolute unit distinction. And you saw that in the non-Pro revenue performance. And so for us I think really the way to think about the early signs of the impact were the strong device mix, some higher priced units across a wide variety of OEMs as we build into holiday, did provide some slightly better than expected results, as you noted in the non-Pro business. But really some of the other upside that we saw in the quarter was from things that are the second sort of derivative of that, which was our search results were better than we had thought. Because of some of these results about where the PCs were upgraded and the pace at which they were upgraded. And so I do think we are encouraged, as Satya said. But we're a quarter in. And I think what's exciting for us is really the opportunity we have going forward. We're excited about Q2 when the devices hit the shelves. We're excited to have so many first party devices in Q2. And then the next stage after that which is really the enterprise deployment, which as Satya mentioned, we expect in the second half of the year. So it's early, but you're right, we did see some incremental improvement over what we expected.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Walter. Let me talk a little bit about what I said in my outlook. This quarter, as I just talked about, the non-Pro outperformance versus the market was really due to a higher revenue per license. I expect that actually to continue in Q2. I expect our overall Pro business to remain in line with business PCs. Once we work through sort of the end of XP bump, that really should be in the line. And as we talked about, as we move through the year, I do expect things to more normalize overall in terms of RPL comparisons. But I do think that's probably the best way to think about the curve over the course of the year.
Amy E. Hood: Let me try and if I missed the question or misunderstood it, you can help me again. I think you're asking about our core Office commercial business, the product side versus the service side.
Amy E. Hood: And really, okay good. The trend we saw there, as I said, we're 5% up in a constant currency basis. That was 70% cloud minus 8% on prem. That's a trend that's not new for us. We've thought about making this transition as quickly as possible, but what we're seeing, which you heard us talk about, was a transition to increasing premium mix, selling more workloads, doing all of that while we're growing the installed base. So if you think back to how we've talked about the long term, the lifetime value equation, it's those components that I really think about proving out over time, and we had lots of encouraging signs about that. New users, Satya referenced on the small business and mid-market side. Premium mix, we talked about how many premium services we're now selling. And then in terms of renewals, they're quite good, which we talked about. And so I think all of those, when you talk about should we expect the traditional business to be in decline, I don't think that's new. I think what's important is our ability to switch it to the services and add more over time that really I focus on.
Amy E. Hood: And Mark, on the total bookings number, the reason we moved to commercial bookings is it's a far more comparable number to look at period to period. Total bookings, because the volatility frankly in consumer businesses in times like the holiday periods, it can make it far more volatile than usually what many of you have been asking for, which is the continuity and health of the overall commercial business. If you want to get to total bookings, you just add back in all the consumer revenue, is technically is how you would do it. But I do think the more helpful KPI for us in terms of bookings is the commercial one.
Amy E. Hood: The way to think about that how is I look at – well, the way I would generally say it is you look at each of the KPIs we give. So the Office commercial business grew 5%. It was negative 8%. If some transition earning back off the balance sheet, the total cloud is 70%. When we start to get to this point and the percentage we already have in the cloud, it is really an offset. And that's probably frankly been true a little bit longer than we talked about technically in terms of what goes off and what comes on given we've now got, as Satya said, 60 million users and more than that in terms of seats sold. Now that can technically, Ross, be interesting in certain quarters of the year where we have very heavy expirations. And so it just depends year over year, but that's why the commercial is slightly harder to do it on because there's some volatility in the ins and outs based on seasonality.
Amy E. Hood: I want to make this simple and unfortunately it's just slightly complicated. Because so much of our installed base was already on an annuity contract, it makes the transition mathematically hard. I think what you're asking is specifically for a transactional component when the old transactional component has gone. But it's a very hard – but that's a component of the number, not the total. So it's why it's technically difficult to answer the question you're specifically asking, Ross. But the way I would think about it is we are moving such a substantive piece of our EA business and with our annuity mix all up in commercial, up to 86% percent, we're feeling very good about our ability to transition people at LTV and grow the business overall at a very high level.
