Peter Klein: Thanks, Bill. Good afternoon everyone. Our third quarter results reflect our strong product momentum, continued focus on controlling costs and the beginning stages of a return in business hardware spending. This quarter we generated record third quarter revenues and operating cash flow. In addition, as a result of revenue growth and our ongoing focus on cost management, when adjusting for the impact of the Tech Guarantee programs this year. We had our third consecutive quarter of year-over-year margin expansion. Strong demand for Windows 7 is a primary contributor to our performance. As evidence of that strong demand both internal and external checks show that over 10% of all PCs worldwide are already running Windows 7. While reaching this level of penetration in six months qualifies Windows 7 as our fastest selling operating system ever, it also illustrates how much opportunity still remains. As I have met with investors, I’ve commented on the tremendous product momentum we have, which was evidenced this quarter across all our businesses. Bing achieved 10 consecutive months of market share growth since its launch and both the U.S. Department of Justice and the European Commission cleared our search agreement with Yahoo! Azure, our cloud development platform became commercially available in 41 countries. In the mobile space, we announced Windows Phone 7 and Kin. At last Friday, we released Office 2010 to manufacturing and are looking forward to its launch in June. All of this was achieved while continuing to focus on managing costs and prioritizing our investments. As a result, we delivered operating income and earnings per share growth ahead of revenue growth with earnings per share of 36% over last year. We also returned $3.1 billion of cash to investors through dividends and stock repurchases. So in summary, I’m pleased with our continuing performance this quarter. We had great momentum with current products in market. We have a very exciting pipeline of new products to come and we continued to deliver strong financial results. I’ll now hand the call back to Bill to give you some additional details on the quarter and then come back and provide some thoughts on our outlook for our fourth quarter and the next fiscal year.
Peter Klein: Yeah. You have to break it down, I think, you have to break it down into its components. There’s actually two pieces of the non-annuity business of the transactional business, the Windows Server piece and then the other pieces of the business. The Windows Server non-annuity piece actually grew a mid-teens, so tracked towards the hardware market. The other products, things like SQL Server and Visual Studio grew slower than that in anticipation of a product release [account]. So it tends to be less correlated particularly in quarters where there is a significant growth year-very-year. So that was the issue there. In terms of looking forward, I think we gave the guidance on what we expect for the transactional business, particularly as we launch Visual Studio and SQL Server tracking more towards the server hardware market.
Peter Klein: Yeah. Let me get your last question first. Certainly as we’ve said, we expect the largest part of the impact from the launch actually to happen in fiscal year ‘11. So typically what you’d see, since we’re launching it in the May, June timeframe, typically what you’d see is several quarters after that the impact of that. So you should see that in the first half of fiscal year ‘11. It terms of average selling price, it’s a little hard to talk about that now. It’s going to be a function of obviously mix but I would just think about it the way the Office 2007 launches. The one thing I would add to that, where you will see it is in the platform side of the business. So when you see the Enterprise CAL and how we monetize the enterprise versions of the productivity infrastructure for SharePoint on Exchange is where you’ll see opportunities for overall revenue growth from an ASP perspective, for an (inaudible).
Peter Klein: Yeah. The biggest thing driving the Q4 expenses is revenue driven expenses that are associated with primarily our enterprise annuity business, which are going to be up, fair amount both sequentially and year-over-year and so that’s the biggest thing you’ll see in Q4. The other thing you’ll see in Q4 is, as I talked about, the wave of product launches that we’ve got coming, including Office 2010 and SQL Server. So it’s just, what’s happening this quarter is sort of, not unique but those are the things that are really driving what you’re seeing in Q4. And of course, those have been embedded in our guidance all year long and the fact of the matter is we’ve been -- we try to manage our costs in such way as possible and bring it down whenever we can, which we did this quarter. The dynamics in FY ‘11, as you note there’s a lot of puts and takes and we’re always prioritizing and aligning our investments. But all up, you should think the things that are driving it are similar. There’s some revenue driven as we continue to grow revenue and there’s also some sales and marketing associated with some key launches that we will have, particularly in the first half of the year related to the consumer businesses like Natal and phone. And I would say, keep in mind that is a pretty measured increase of only 3% to 5% for the full year.
Peter Klein: Yeah. There’s a couple of things. One that is true, particularly when there is so many products that are launching. So there’s a bunch of revenue that’s going to come through on the non-annuity side that people are waiting for launches for. And I do think that hardware, if you think about what’s happened over the last year. The first thing that got hit and decreased earliest and fastest was hardware and that’s what’s coming back first. And I think that over time, as we’ve been saying and I think most other people are saying, over the course of calendar 2010 and certainly into 2011, you’ll start to see the growth in the overall IT spend. For us in particular, from a sales cycle perspective, Q4 is just seasonally our biggest quarter. And so when you combine sort of the sales cycle and the product cycle, kind of converging on Q4 and beyond, as well as where we’re I think in the stage of what businesses are doing in terms of first refreshing their hardware that kind of converges over the next two or three quarters probably.
Peter Klein: Well, it’s a great question. You’re thinking about all of the right components of it and certainly, attach and piracy are always going to sort of cycle up and down depending on where you are. We’re working through this year sort of a work-down of the inventory from last year and we’re still working that. We’re at sort of normal inventory levels. That’s been a good year-over-year thing for us and attach, correct, is -- part of that is piracy related to the launch of Windows 7. All those things so we’ve given you specific color for Q4, what to expect for the OEM business relative to the PC business.
Peter Klein: Well, just in sheer numbers in terms of PC shipments, the consumer is a lot bigger than the business segment. Now, the impact you get from the business segment obviously is some ASP uplift. We’re starting to and you get the corporate refresh in two ways. You can get sort of volume licensing upgrades or you can get it OEM when they buy the PCs, which is the largest piece of the revenue. And that’s what we started to see happen and you saw some of that impact this quarter with business PC shipments up 14%. That’s the sort of this is sort of the shape of the opportunity going forward as that continues and you can see that has an uplift on our OEM revenue relative to the overall PC market.
Peter Klein: You know, I think, that’s actually a good thing that we’ll talk about in July on the Q4 call, just because it’s such a bigger issue, the seasonality in terms of our bookings in Q4 is so much more material than in Q3. I think that’s when we will talk about that.
Peter Klein: Yeah. I think, the comment was for H2 not for Q3 up mid single digits. And so if you look at our guidance again with the seasonality of our sales cycle most of that comes from Q4, which was in our guidance that we gave today.
Peter Klein: Well, I’m not sure there are specific triggers. I actually having a driver framework and having a really good qualitative discussion about all the factors that drive it, is actually a great way to talk about the outlook and the environment what we’re seeing for our businesses. And so, I think, there’s no specific triggers that are going to change that. I think the dialogue that we’re having around these drivers and the framework is great.
Peter Klein: You know, we’re not giving a range on that now. We’ll definitely talk about that at the financial analyst meeting in July.
Peter Klein: Yeah. We’re seeing strength across a variety of our areas. You heard Bill talk about all the great customers we have our commercial online services like SharePoint and Online and Exchange Online. That’s obviously a big growth area for us. The 40 million comes from things like Live Meeting and Exchange Hosted Services and CRM Online. And so what you’re seeing is really part of our strategy. So the broadest array of commercial services for businesses of all sizes. Some of these are really aimed more at mid-market customers. Some are aimed more at big enterprise customers and we’re getting growth from both. And then the last thing that we sort of touched on but didn’t talk about in great detail was Azure, which is now available in 41 countries and what that will do really over the next couple of years.
Peter Klein: You know, we really haven’t seen that at all, as a matter of fact when we talk to our enterprise customers, there’s a high degree of intent to deploy Windows 7 as soon as possible. There’s a, many, many, high percentage our customers are already either in pilot or pre-launch mode for deploying Windows 7. So, I think, we haven’t seen that as a phenomenon at all, people waiting for Windows 7. In fact we see the opposite that people are deploying it rather quickly.
Peter Klein: Thanks. Okay. So that will wrap up our Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. Remember that you can access this call on the Microsoft Investor Relations website at microsoft.com/msft. Please keep in mind that we will be in a number of conferences in the next couple of months. We’ll be at the JP Morgan Conference in May, the Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Conference, the Cowen Conference, the RBC and UBS Conferences in June. In addition, we will be previewing Natal at E3 in LA in June. Please contact Microsoft Investor Relations if you need additional details. We hope to see you there. Thanks again for joining us and have a great day.
