Satya Nadella: Thank you, Keith, for the question. I think we feel very good both, I would say, of consumption and usage today, as well as, as you mentioned, the bookings because both of those at any given point in time is what we look at. The overall approach to the Microsoft Cloud, if you look at the breadth of what any customer may be doing with us, they may be doing hybrid cloud infrastructure with us. They may be, for the first time, doing Tier 1 workloads on the cloud with us, right, whether it's in core financials or in retail or in health care. Also they could be deploying their centers of excellence around Power Platform. And Power Platform sits at the intersection of pretty much Dynamics, Azure and Teams, for example. And of course, we're seeing the growth of Teams and Teams, as I've always maintained, is not just about one thing. It's not about just meetings or it's not about just chat. But most importantly, it's a platform that drives in fact line of business and business application termination inside of a collaboration workflow. And so that's what we're seeing. And then the other thing I would say that we are now seeing is also that industry level differentiation of the all-up Microsoft cloud. So whether it's in retail, whether it's in healthcare or in financial services, we feel that we now can bring the power of the entire cloud together in a much more strategic way.
Satya Nadella: Sure, Brent. Thanks for the question. When I look at the industry cloud opportunities, we think of healthcare is a very critical opportunity for us and a huge and expansive addressable market. If you think about as a percentage of GDP, obviously, healthcare is significant. And fundamentally, when I think about the provider market, in particular, digital tech is going to play a huge role for every provider to do the things that they care the most about, which is improve the patient outcomes and reduce cost and reduce the burden on the physicians. So that's where the Nuance acquisition is a great fit for us. We've been partnered with them. It also enhances our platform approach, Brent. What we have always done has gone into an industry with a platform and an ecosystem approach. For example, with Nuance, they've done a fantastic job of taking what's perhaps the most defining technology of our times, which is AI and applying it to healthcare, which is the most important application space. And they've done that again by really partnering, partnering deeply with EMR systems and the rest of the healthcare ecosystem ultimately to benefit the providers. And so we're really looking forward to that acquisition closing and we're already partnered with them in our cloud. But this allows us to take that and integrate more deeply with what we're doing with Teams and some of our AI capabilities even more deeply. And we think we can add a significant amount of value both to our partners in the healthcare ecosystem as well as most importantly to the providers.
Satya Nadella: Thanks so much for the question, Mark. And first of all, we're very, very excited about what's happening again with Dynamics 365. And when you ask where is the share coming and where is the growth coming? It's coming from all those categories. But the most interesting thing is, as somebody wants to deploy even an omni-channel solution, for example, in a world where what's physical and what is digital need to come together, unlike anything before because the pandemic is bringing about such structural change. You need both, that federated inventory management, distributed inventory management system I referenced in my remarks. And you need the customer insights product that is probably one of the fastest-growing modules, which is that 360-degree view on customers and customer engagement and then including the supply chain. So bottom line is that, every customer is looking to digitize and bring together the data silos, in fact, silos of CRM and ERP systems. And that's probably one of the most interesting things we have observed is, it's not about replacing even an existing ERP or an existing CRM, it's about buying Dynamics and helping them bridge even some of the disparate CRM and ERP systems they may have. So we do see this, as a huge opportunity as the world modernizes and puts in a complete next-generation, more proactive versus reactive business systems. And that's what Dynamics has been architected for. So I feel like coming out of this pandemic and the architecture and all the hard work that team has done over the multiple years now, positions us very well.
Satya Nadella: I mean, I think just to add to it, Amy, I think I hope in all of your models you have new rows at least when we think about it from even just last year to this year, we are in many more new categories and in those categories with significant differentiation. So when we think about OpEx, it's not about adding OpEx to the stuff that we had in the past. It's -- there's leverage there. In fact it's OpEx going into new TAMs.
Satya Nadella: Thank you so much for the question. It's speaks a lot. It's very much a great example of what I was saying in terms of creating a new category right. When I look back multiple years now, we started talking about Power Platform. And as I said even in my script today, we now have a full suite of tools that essentially created this next-generation business, process automation and productivity suite in Power Platform that set scale and growing at scale. Similarly, we think of the experience cloud as a distinct cloud opportunity for us. It brings together even today what have been disparate tools, whether it's the knowledge mining and management systems in an enterprise, connecting it to learnings and ultimately the employee experience and communication system. So we -- it obviously is a very massive adjacencies to what we're doing with Microsoft 365 and Office 365 in particular Teams. But also to your point connects up with line of business systems, HRM systems and all of the other things we do in Dynamics as well as other third-party SaaS applications. So it's very early days. And so we'll take the same approach we have taken, whether it's in Security, whether it's in Power Platform, whether it's Dynamics and many other places where you've seen us grow substantial new businesses essentially as part of Microsoft Cloud. But we're very excited about what this opportunity represents.
Satya Nadella: No, thanks Kash for the question. I think that, first of all, we are big believers in two things. One is, we need to be competitive in each layer and then the coming together of each layer into a cohesive coherent architecture of the full stack or the Microsoft cloud creates that differentiation. And that will define what we think is going to be increasing share for us, as tech itself as a percentage of GDP doubles. So if you look at it -- whether it's on the hybrid infrastructure or the multi-cloud, multi-edge world, which I believe is going to be the world 10 years from now, we are very well positioned. We have led in it we currently lead in it and we plan to continue that. When it comes to data when I look at even what we've been able to do with Synapse even in the just last year and what that can do both at the cloud and the edge. When it comes to AI what we are doing with OpenAI and our cognitive services or what we're doing with Power Platform. Developer SaaS one of the most exciting things again, that I believe is the next 10 years is going to be about developers and the digital capability in every enterprise and we are the leaders there. When you think about VS Code as well as GitHub. And then, of course, all of the things that we're doing with Microsoft 365 and Dynamics on the industry side. So, ultimately, we don't take anything for granted. But that said, we're well positioned for what is expansive TAM and with competitive differentiation both in the individual layers of the stack as well as the cohesiveness of the stack itself.
Satya Nadella: Thank you for the question. We absolutely think that ultimately, customers are looking to increase their time to value lower cost and improve agility. So being able to customize these workflows, to come up with industry schemers because when you think about increased digitization and workflow automation, it does take that next level of schematization of what is perhaps today not digital inside an industry. And so therefore, what we do by stitching together, coming together of even Microsoft 365, Teams, Power Platform with certain workflows, with data inside of Azure, as well as Dynamics, that absolutely improves the ability for any customer in any one of these industries to improve their time to value. So yes, it is going to both help us with adoption rates increase, the speed with which it increases and it also differentiates us. And we'll continue to look. And one of the other things that we're doing is it's not just one industry at a time. It's also the cross-industry workflows. So we absolutely believe that that -- we already talk about not just any individual part of our cloud, we talk about only one thing, it's called the Microsoft Cloud. And now we're increasingly talking about Microsoft Cloud by industry and cross industry.
Satya Nadella: No. Thank you for the question. Obviously, security is a super important topic for every customer, every board, every executive team. And the fundamental approach we have is, how do we ensure that every customer has implemented a zero trust architecture. But that's the name of the game which is, how can Microsoft through participation in the security industry, accelerate essentially the cyber defense of the entire digital factor and beyond. And so to me, what we have done is taken a pretty unique approach of bringing identity, endpoint application, infrastructure all together with XDR and SIM, which is cloud native. That's pretty unique because we really don't let the get in the way. We'll make sure that any customer who is able to sort of deploy these systems together has more defense in depth, but also the aggregate data to be able to detect and respond to any intrusion because that's sort of the key posture. And then you couple that with our operational security posture when you're processing 8 trillion events and using that to continuously help our customers is increasing to your point, the cloud adoption rate. So if you look at some of the challenges like HAFNIUM, the cloud was not impacted. And when we did sort of a lot of work to make sure that the patches were out even for servers that were out of support for multiple years. And so -- but at the same time, any business that had moved already to the cloud had none of those issues. So, therefore, I think we are going to see increased cloud adoption. We're going to see increased usage of end-to-end security suites like what we offer. And most importantly, great hygiene and great operational security posture all the time with zero trust architecture.
