Satya Nadella: Sure, Brent. Thanks for the question. Overall when I think about the Microsoft cloud it’s really the combination of Office 365 dynamics as well as Azure. We think about our capital allocation that way, we think about our utilization product architecture and customer value and how uniquely we can bring these three assets together to serve our customers well. And that’s the momentum you see and I talked about the run rate, the usage metrics and there’s really increasing intensity of usage amongst organizational customers in our commercial cloud. One of the other things also is a huge benefit for us is, because our cloud, our public cloud runs on our software assets, our software asset gets packaged up as our servers. In fact, I think of our servers as the edge of our cloud. So the unique capability we now have in Windows Server, SQL Server is becoming that much more competitive. Because we’re running our public cloud in it and that’s what anyone deploying their own private cloud expects to have. And so you see there’s two sides of benefits and two sides for us. One is in our cloud momentum, which itself is the combination of SAS applications, paths , and IADs which I believe is unique in the marketplace as well as with the software itself is packaged up into our private cloud offering be it Windows Server or SQL Server and they’re becoming increasingly competitive in the enterprise and data center additions. And so that’s what you’ve seen in our commercial results, both on the licensing side as well as on the cloud side.
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and Amy you could take it from there. Overall I would say there’s a secular movement that’s happening in particular with Office 365, quite frankly, it’s happening across the entire product portfolio of Microsoft which is more to what I would described as annuity relationship as well as subscription relationships. Because those of a long-term contracts relationships we want to have with our customers be it consumer, be it small business or large customers. In all the years I’ve been at Microsoft it was always our dream to be able to sell more of the sophisticated capabilities of Office to individual consumers as well as small businesses. But it was hard to do in the previous generation because of the server infrastructure and what I would say sophistication of IT required. Whereas now with the cloud for the first time we now can serve both individuals as well as small businesses with the same kind of sophistication that in the past was exclusively available for the large enterprises. That’s what you see when we see our subscription growth in consumer, we see subscription growth in small business these are folks who never bought a server from us. So that’s what we’re seeing is increasing, what I would call, annuity relationships and subscription relationships with all classes of customers. And it’s new penetration, so it’s not even a one-for-one replacement, even for the enterprise customer there consumption is going up. They may have consumed one or two workloads but now they can have the opportunity to consume the entirety of the portfolio and not just that. If you look at the products in Office 365 that we have, take eDiscovery it’s a complete new space for us where we are able to do things in security eDiscovery enterprise management that we didn’t even do for the top end of the enterprise in the service side, so that’s what we’re seeing.
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and then I’ll have Amy add. Overall, the core of how I want us to approach expenses is to make sure that we are not limited in our ability to invest in categories where we have unique things to, contribute. So we’re going to do that though, with great discipline, and that’s what I think you’ve seen us do over the course of the last year, and we’ll continue to exhibit that. But at the same time, we will not shrink away from our ability to go put investment, be it in sales, marketing or product R&D, when we clearly have unique things in secular categories of growth. And that’s something that we have the capability of doing, and we want to be able to do that in a disciplined way.
Satya Nadella: Sure. Let me start. Thanks, Rick. What I think about even just my own day-to-day usage of Office, even in the last year, it’s gone through a drastic amount of change. Of course, I use Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, on a daily basis. But if I think about all the tools that I’m using, which is all part of Office 365, today, on a daily basis and multiple times a day I start my day as I talked about in many conferences with Dell which is a tool I love which is in fact something that’s uniquely possible because of the shift to Office 365 where we can take organizational data and breakthrough all the boundaries or, again, in silos inside an organization and have people discover information. It’s the richest way for me to visualize what’s happening at Microsoft in real time. That news feed for me is kind of the lifeblood of Microsoft. I use Power BI . One of the things that we talked a lot about is usage. In fact, one of the cultural changes inside the company is everyone from the frontline engineer to the frontline salesperson is responsible for usage. And given that, we want to have these leading indicators showing up in our dashboard not are static reports and Power BI is this rich canvas for us to be able to, one, visualize data as well as ask natural language questions. I look at my own usage of one note in Surface. That’s gone through a fee change both because of the hardware innovation, innovation in Windows, innovation in Office. I look at something like Sway which I’m pretty excited about because basically we’re taking the concept of what is an interactive document and the website and bringing it all together into these Sway documents if you well and if you’re excited about what that could mean in customer service marketing or for school reports. So that’s – we are well into it so that is not going to be waiting for some future date to release anything that’s new, but we’re well on our way with all of these tools and they’re available today and we’ll of course be iterating continuously.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, the one thing I’d also add is there is actually a much more fundamental transformation happening even with how we think about Windows and its delivery and we’ll talk more about this even at our financial analyst briefing next week because I increasingly think about the lifetime value we can deliver to the user of a Windows device be it in consumer or even in the enterprise. And if you think about when we say Windows-as-a-service it’s actually a pretty profound construct which involves us being able to not only think about what ships with OEMs, but how do we on a continuous basis, if it’s a consumer we have things now in the store, we have subscriptions, we have gaming and then when it comes to the enterprise there’s management, security, servicing which is all unique value. So there is going to be an increasing emphasis in the concept of lifetime value that we can deliver to customers.
Satya Nadella: Let me start and then you can add. I mean I think you have to sort of look at all the use cases. In fact as I said, a lot of the Azure use case, I think you referenced this, have been non-zero-sum because our people started building their mobile back end, web back end using Big Data not workloads we have. I look at sort of everyday usage growth, even if they’re creating a web workload it’s for a very different type of web back end and a mobile back end. And the same thing with advanced analytics. I even look at the growth of virtual machine instances on Azure. We not only see Windows Server obviously but we see 20%-plus of Linux growth. So that’s again non-zero-sum . So there’s significant traction we have in terms of moving beyond just one-for-one shift of a workload that traditionally ran on our server to our Azure Cloud. In fact if anything the majority of what we are seeing is new. Even in Office 365 it’s not just one-for-one shift. Of course if you are – were using as a large enterprise Exchange and you moved to Office 365 you moved to using Exchange Online; same thing is true for SharePoint. But again take all the other things I described, power BI , Dell and the list goes on, take eDiscovery; even for the largest of enterprise these were things that had low penetration or low deployment. And so we are seeing increasing usage of that. Same thing with our Dynamics business. EMS , it’s completely a new category. We never had that kind of a management footprint. We now have the ability to have one control plane for IT for all the devices, identity management, device management, data protection. That’s a new workload. So that’s what we’re seeing. We definitely are seeing one-for-one migration, but the opportunity in everyone one of our offerings from Office 365 to Dynamics to Azure has a non-zero-sum component to it.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, and also it sort of comes in interesting ways because one of the things IT, as you know, it’s not about sort of replacing what you have, it’s always augmenting what you have. A very classic scenario would be I’ll take a SQL database application, bring it to the Cloud and then build a new mobile back end using the same data. So reuse of code, reuse of data, so you would use some amount if iOS infrastructure and then past consumption. So that’s one of the very typical enterprise solutions you will see. In fact, our own IT Systems, take what we have done with our HR and our financial systems and some of those things as they move to the Cloud, we bring some existing and then add to it.
Satya Nadella: First of all, I don’t think that of the comparison between Azure and AWS is the true north for me. I think about the Microsoft Cloud because even the way we do capital, the way we measure utilization is all with the complete unit, which is of course all of Office 365 runs on Azure, Azure AD powers all of our Cloud, so it’s really its entirety that we think of as our unique value. So that means we have SaaS which is a huge component between O 365 and Dynamics, PaaS which is a huge component of Azure itself. We see many customers who would use even our PaaS services and even AWS. So we – for example, you can in fact do a single sign-on using EMS and Azure AD in Azure and use – so your resources on AWS. And then of course we have our iOS business. So that’s how we think about it. And then it’s reflected even in our margins. So when we look at our Cloud margins, they will have our revenue quality, which is very different; that’s a combination of past iOS and SaaS. And that’s how we want to make sure we make progress, because that’s where both product value which is unique to us and also the quality of revenue that’s unique to us. But the one other thing that I – see my world view is not that all compute storage networks just goes to one place. That’s why I think of our servers as the edge of our Cloud, and as I said there’s a huge software asset in there which is becoming increasingly competitive. Of course we don’t count that in our run rates or when we talk about our $6 billion plus run rate, that’s just pure public Cloud number and that’s fantastic to see and we want to measure it that way. But quite frankly if you sort of looked at what’s broadly happening in the Cloud transition, we are participating in both the private hybrid Cloud as well as the public Cloud.
Satya Nadella: I’ll start. I think as far as the low-cost devices, it’s pretty broad. I think we think of the U.S. itself being in fact a big driver of some of the growth on the consumer side. We’re also obviously – stimulated this so that we can be much more effective even in the educational markets worldwide. And Amy can add to that if we had any more detail on it. When it comes to our Commercial Licensing and our servers, it’s the same trend, Heather, which is the big shift that’s happening is our enterprise and datacenter products, being Windows Server, Systems Centers , SQL Server, are more competitive. It’s the same thing that I would say at least in the last couple of years clearly have played out. There is clearly – and in fact, as our products have become competitive there’s been this mix shift. People have bought from us previously just standard editions are able to now look at our enterprise editions and that’s what’s playing out. And there’s definitely some pricing action we were able to take, but mostly because we were able to deliver this incremental value. And even with all the pricing action we took, we, from a total cost of ownership or just raw pricing perspective are very competitive versus what’s available in the market. So that’s what we see. And so the cycle some of the pricing actions obviously were anniversary out, but the overall thing that I’m focused on is how can we continue to run our software asset ourselves in public cloud and translate that into our servers. And really paint this vision and make it a reality of hybrid computing and drive the secular growth of that.
Satya Nadella: In fact, one of the big changes that has happened I would say in the last couple of years, and I’ll have Amy even detail out. It’s the way we’re going about everything from the very long lead things like actual data center locations and Build out to the procurement of individual machines, and essentially the work in progress inventory of that. We have driven significant process improvement to essentially make it as efficient as one can make it and that’s a continuous process for us. So when I think about even the capital allocation per quarter we very carefully look at what is our current utilization forecast, and what our demand forecast is. And we now have the ability to be much more dynamic. Surely there are some things which are long lead like data center location. But you don’t need to build out data centers much before they’re really being utilized. And so we have a very good process and that’s a place were quite frankly a lot of the proprietary advantage of someone who is an at scale public cloud provider, not just with one application. And this is where the huge distinction is. After all we did run large-scale consumer services ourselves between Xbox LIVE and Bing. But this business of supporting a highly geo distributed enterprise cloud business is very different than just running in one at scale public cloud service. And we learned a lot with what is our workload diversity as well as our geo-diversity. And our supply chain management is optimized for it.
Amy Hood: And, Phil, on the math that sits behind that, it’s a good timing. Next week at the financial analyst briefing, I’ll send the – and have a lot more time to explain the actual lifetime value of each of these customer segments, especially in Office 365. But I think in consumer, it’s maybe the easiest one to talk about, is that we talked about license growth of 10%, when you correct for Japan. Our ability to quickly, I think, move our customer base through stronger execution, both direct through retail and having our channel execute well and partner with us on this transition. I do think we’ve made a lot of progress. And maybe more importantly, we continue to innovate in the product and deliver value to the end user, which is really what matters. And so I think we’ll be able to show the progress we’ve made over every quarter, and give you some goals going forward. So I look forward to having the chance to spend more time on that in detail. And SMB looks very similar in some ways. They purchased similarly, was bought with a PC, was bought one time, it was infrequent, with an inability, as Satya said, to add workloads. So I think those are some of the bigger transitions you’ve seen for us in terms of being able to increase the value. So hopefully, we’ll be able to give you more details on that next week.
Amy Hood: And I would just add, I generally think about two key items that we’ve been able to think about, across the leadership team. First is, I think we have exhibited an increasing ability, over the course of the year, to reallocate during the year, both at the organization level and at the team level, to make sure our dollars are going to the highest ROI things. And secondly, I think it’s a general belief held at the highest levels of the company, that operating efficiency increases our ability to be responsive, both to the needs of our customers, as well as innovate faster inside this place. And I think when you take those two things, along with what Satya said, being able to balance disciplined focus and execution for us, I think we feel very good about the progress we’ve made.
Amy Hood: And, Rick, on your other two questions specific to the tech guarantee that you would think about the time of year, due to the specific nature of the offer we have on Windows 10, there won’t be a tech guarantee as you think about it for this upgrade cycle and there’s disclosure in fact, in our revenue recognition section in the 10-Q that talks about that specifically. When we talk about the accounting for Windows 10, I will touch on that next week but as we get closer to the launch we’ll go into more specifics. And I’m so excited about the space. I don’t want to miss this one other big scenario which is Cortana , that’s perhaps the thing that’s going to change personal productivity even most and especially with Windows 10 and how Cortana comes to Windows, both to the browser as well as to the start, I think it completely change what personal productivity software mean from a day-to-day experience as well.
Amy Hood: Let me take that one. Satya, you can add at the end of you want. No. I think, Mark, you’re reading it correctly. We actually had our annuity volume licensing business as you know, has been showing growth and stability for a while as we talked about Pro is back to the pre-XP levels and while could see some fluctuation, I think this has been a very stable business for us for a long period of time when you take out that XP bump from last year. Talking about consumer, I think frankly Satya and I both reflected a bit on it in our comments. We do expect to see some additional inventory draw down in front of a launch. That’s not unusual prior to a launch cycle and that will clearly impact our revenue in the quarter. But I think as I look to 2016, I’m excited about the designs we’ve seen, I’m excited about the products that are possible with Windows 10, and I think we feel good and are looking forward to sharing some of that excitement next week.
Amy Hood: And, John, to your specific question, you’re right. A lot of the Azure is, the good way to think about that is new; and especially our Dynamics business, CRM online and some of the work we’ve done across AX is certainly all new. And the lower down in the segment of Office you get, the more new it is, is the way to think about it.
Amy Hood: We’ll continue to talk generally about it. I don’t expect to give specific guidance on FY 2016 next week.
Amy Hood: Yeah, I would just add Mark. This is a place as Satya said we have made a lot of progress in being data-driven. This is down to a monthly review by workload, by property, by geo. And this is a place where I feel that we are in it terrific position frankly to respond to data sovereignty demands, changes politically and our ability to execute that to provide what our customers demand in terms of security and manageability and location. It’s something that we also care a lot about.
