Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Yeah. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Amy to talk about the specifics of the synergies. The core focus, Keith, for us to start with is to ensure that the innovation roadmap we have is all driving member value. The core ethos of LinkedIn needs be about member-first. How do we increase the engagement on the mobile flagship application as well as the revamped desktop experience that's now rolling out? We think that's at the core of being able to in fact then have all of the revenue – have revenue growth in their business solutions with across higher market sell. So that's how I see it. It's a two-sided market which starts with the health (35:02) of membership and member engagement. And that is where the product roadmap, whether it's the integration with Office 365 or Dynamics 365, we'll be staying focused on it. We expect to see that roll out pretty rapidly. And as far as the guidance we have given at close in terms of what to expect, for example around EPS impact, those are things that we'll stay committed to. And I'll let Amy add more to it.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: I can comment on it. I'm not particularly sure exactly what's happening on February 1. I would say the overall change that we are going through, and this has been ongoing for I would say the last multiple years, is transforming our field engagement model, where we're putting a lot more technical depth in the front-line sellers so that they can engage, whether it's data specialists, cloud specialists, security specialists, or even productivity specialists. Because it's super-important for us in this phase when people are looking for solutions to help them visually transform, for us to have a very fundamentally different type of capability in terms of our sales, and that's the transformation. And so we have really reorganized ourselves, both in the headquarters and in the field, to be able to recognize that shift. What used to be large accounts for us, for example, are not by PC count anymore, and that's a pretty fundamental change. It's by consumption of cloud capacity in many cases. And this is happening all over the world. So that's the transformation that you will increasingly see us push forward, and no status quo on any part of Microsoft's organization should be counted on. If anything, we'll push to make sure that we are addressing what is our growth opportunities pretty aggressively.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: I think Amy described it well in answering the very specific technical question about segment reporting and the margins in it. But architecturally, some of the examples I used are about the digital estate that actually doesn't start with Azure. In many cases, it starts with advanced set protection of Windows 10 estate. And then how does that relate to Office 365? How does that relate to Azure Active Directory? And then the workloads that they want to put, which are Tier 1 workloads in Azure. It's very similar to what happened even in the client server era, but of course the starting points and how this progresses is very different. So we are always thinking at least of the technical architecture that makes us unique and differentiated spanning all of it. And so I don't think of it as margin shifts across the segments, and that's why we think of all of this as one digital estate at least from a customer-end perspective.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Yeah, let me start. Overall, I think some of the trends that you've referenced, whether it's Tier 1 workloads or serverless or even complete data center migrations, all of that is happening. Even the customer examples I gave, they were littered with example after example. For example, in FinServ, some very Tier 1 trading applications now using some of our capabilities in service fabric, which is really a PaaS service, which allows you to manage microservices with low latency and high scale, that's a place where we are seeing in fact activity, whether it's game development or trading applications. We are seeing even interesting use cases of Azure functions, which is completely serverless. In fact, you can think of it as a price cut for anybody who cares about being very, very smart about cloud consumption. Going serverless is something that we in fact advocate. So across the board, I feel we have the right mix of IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, and per user SaaS services like Azure Active Directory, which gives us the right mix to be able to even have the right margins long term. We're not concentrated in any one layer of the stack, which is something we do by design because our vision has always been that we want to of course offer all of these layers, and customers will choose depending on their needs and their scenarios. And we are now seeing even a single customer estate spanning all of these.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: So, Kash, the way I think about it is, even in the client server era, we had tough competition. We had Oracle. We had VMware, and we had many other players we competed with and I grew up competing with. And we now have AWS I think who is going to be a credible competitor. So I feel that, as I said, we have a cloud strategy that is not just about infrastructure. It is about really SaaS and infrastructure. And we want to uniquely think about what are the things that we can do to differentiate and add value to our customers' digital estate in the cloud in that context. And that's where, if you will, our fair share will come from by competing hard where we have to but also mostly thinking about differentiation.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Yeah. I can start. On the product side, we think of actually three things we are trying to do on a continuous basis in Office 365. First, even for the customers who are already on Office 365 at any given licensing level, we focus quite a bit on their increased usage and intensity. So for example, one of the comments I made in my remarks was, for example, SharePoint with PowerApps and Flow. That's to us to the best way for us to keep having that recurring value. And so we focus quite a bit on adding additional value even to the existing licensing levels and increasing intensity of usage. Then things like what we are doing to even go to non-knowledge worker audiences in retail or in manufacturing with some of the things that we're doing with staff scheduling for example. That's a way to expand seats even beyond what is the traditional knowledge worker. Of course, we have significant more opportunity in small and medium sized businesses, although we have had good healthy growth there. I think seat growth will come more from material increases internationally as well as with some of the regulated segments of the market finally moving to the cloud. Those are all opportunities ahead. And then the last one of course is the new value in things like E5 with voice or analytics and security. So all those three dimensions, there will be variability quarter to quarter in terms of what's happening. But in terms of our investments in that core product value, it is actually happening on all those three.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: I think the overall adoption cycle of Windows 10 in the enterprise is perhaps the best that we have seen in the enterprise for any new release of Windows, and primarily driven by security and manageability of the new Windows, and that's what's been the driver. But in addition to that, I must say there are two other things that are increasingly becoming fairly relevant in the adoption cycle, which is moving to both Office 365 and Windows 10 and getting essentially to this new frontier for productivity, which is an always up-to-date operating system, which is secure, and an always up-to-date Office experience that is a SaaS service. We're increasingly seeing that resonate, not just in small business and some of the high-tech industry as it has been in the past, but now even in the regulated parts of the enterprise. So we are very excited about that. The other piece also that's driving is hardware innovation by the entire ecosystem. In fact, the work that we did with the Surface line has really stimulated the entire ecosystem to do some of the best innovative work, and you saw that even at CES. And the enterprise adoption of these new devices is also driving the overall excitement around Windows 10 and Windows 10 innovation.
Amy E. Hood: Yeah, I think Satya is correct. The guidance we gave at the time of the announcement in terms of EPS dilution on – excluding the impact of purchase accounting, being minimally dilutive, 1% plus or minus, stands, including the goal to achieve synergies where they make sense as we continue to focus on growing the core business and keeping it incredibly healthy and realizing the revenue synergies that we know exist across the businesses. As a reminder, the two biggest impacts of purchase accounting, one is it does impact the deferred revenue. So the in-quarter revenue and the guidance will look a bit lower due to that, as well as the amortization of intangible expenses, which will also hit. We'll take care to give you insight into those so that you can continue to hold us against the goals we set for ourselves.
Amy E. Hood: And I think, Brent, in terms of there being a date, a very particular date, this is something, to Satya's point, we've been doing in a step function improvement over time for the past couple years, and we'll continue to do it. And the guidance certainly doesn't imply any type of slowdown in the commercial business. In fact, in some ways, it actually includes an acceleration in certain areas. So I think that's how I tend to look at it.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Heather. Let me start by saying we really do think about and talk about our cloud as containing all of the components, from the IaaS layer to the platform layer to the SaaS layer. You'll hear us talk about Dynamics 365, Office 365, as well as our Azure core and premium services. And so when I think about the material gross margin improvement we saw in Azure, it continues the path we've actually been on where we've been discussing, as you continue to see customers ask for us and our help in managing their digital estate, consistently, securely through one interface, you'll actually see growth across all components of that cloud. It benefits margin, not just in Azure but across actually the entirety of the cloud. That 2-point year-over-year increase in the commercial cloud gross margin really, even with the massive growth in Azure over the course of the year, certainly implies the improvement that we expected. But I tend to think you will consistently hear both Satya and I refer to our cloud in its entirety. But I do respect people always wonder, so I did comment that we saw material improvement in Azure specifically.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Karl. I am sticking with it being about a point. That's the guidance we gave. And even inclusive of LinkedIn, I continue to believe it's about a point. So in some ways, I guess you could say it implies slightly better at the company level, if that's how you're thinking about it. Really, Karl, what can drive that in addition to the overall gross margin improvement we talk about in the cloud, it's also really the strength we see in our Windows business. And I mean that not just in our OEM business but also across the commercial business for Windows. That tends to have a very good margin profile. And as we continue to improve the margin profile of our devices, we continue to see the OEM business health improve. And actually, we continue to see the growth in the consumer services around the transactions that run through Xbox is also good margin business for us that looks quite different than the hardware profile. So all of those can impact it, Karl, as we look through the rest of the year. But in general, inclusive of LinkedIn, I'm still around 100 bps.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Mark. Let me start by saying it's why we tend to focus all up at that server products and services KPI being double digits generally an easier way for us to talk about it all up between Azure and the on-prem business. But let me talk a little bit about what impacted the transactional business this quarter, and then we can talk about how to think about it in Q3 and maybe going forward. We did and we're encouraged by the customer reaction, even our transactional customers, to the security and management value prop as well as the hybrid nature of our SQL and Windows Server 2016 releases that have taken place this year. That value prop is resonating. We saw some growth. I feel very good about that. And so I do think that can have an impact in H2. You heard me talk a little bit about it. With the major currency changes we saw in Q2, we've also done some price adjustments between certain geos for us. It did pull forward a bit of revenue into Q2. And so it will be a bit of a drag on Q3, which is taken into account in the guide. But I would reiterate the biggest driver of the transactional performance this quarter was really the value prop people saw.
Amy E. Hood: Right, I would say actually we've also seen some operating income growth in our PBP segment this quarter, up in constant currency, 7% before LinkedIn. So I do want to say some of that impact is absolutely landing as well as growth. But the heart of your question is really about the MPC transition and IC. The way I think about it, we really – Satya and I and the leadership team decided, gosh, about 18 months ago – it's been a little longer than that now, to over-index on investing because of the TAM we saw in the Intelligent Cloud. We increased hiring and we invested in direct customer acquisition cost. We invested in many of the things Satya just talked about in terms of technical capabilities and our sales force. We're starting to see the benefit of that already in our top line numbers. That 12% or 14% in the server product and services KPI is a very good number. And I continue to expect that we'll see growth in revenue as those resources both get hired, get up to speed, and add value at accounts. A lot of that account value frankly, Walter, today is coming in the form of consumed revenue. Consumed revenue is actually a great leading indicator for what we expect our Azure growth going forward to be. And so some of the confidence I think that we have in the transition of that investment in operating expense into even more revenue growth comes from seeing the consumed revenue trend that we're seeing today as well as the pipeline of projects and customers that we have. And so I do think about that being an 18-month investment we've been making. It's starting to pivot to consumed. It will then land as billings and ultimately in our P&L as GAAP revenue in-quarter off the balance sheet. But I think you're right. We have been working and continuing to reinvest and save through the year as we look to get everything here more efficient. People often think we focus on cut here, add here. It's also about, are we putting every dollar most efficiently to help customers be successful? And I think that's a lot about what you heard Satya talk about the sales transition we're going through, whether it's how we build products. And so I actually am confident you'll start to see that transition land.
Amy E. Hood: And, Mark, I'm not sure I want to get into our pricing theory on the call on a go-forward basis in terms of whether or not we match competitors. But what I would say is really fundamentally related to Satya's point around differentiation of the entire stack and what customers are doing in their digital estate. And the ability to earn margin through that is actually more impactful than whether or not you match pricing at the core.
Amy E. Hood: And in terms of is there a long-term gross margin cloud number that is industry-leading, I think right now there's a benchmark in the SaaS community that's probably around the number you talked about in terms of more SaaS applications. And then as you go down through the layers from PaaS to IaaS, that margin declines, obviously much as it did when that was run as a hardware solution. The margins weren't as high either. And so I do think it will be a blend of those. But certainly at the SaaS end, I understand where you get that benchmark from.
Amy E. Hood: And to your point on where we are and what's driving that delta and its consistency, frankly, over time, actually still the biggest impact is from the transition to E3. Transitions take time. And so you're just starting to see some of the impact from E5. We're excited about all the customers in trial and are already starting to use the value, whether it's security, increasingly analytics, and ultimately voice. But really from an ARPU perspective, the biggest driver continues to be the transition to E3. And so then that leads to your question on do you continue to believe there's some margin expansion possible as you add newer and higher value workloads. And of course, the answer to that is we do believe that, but it certainly comes over a period of time and run through our annuity base over that pace.
Amy E. Hood: Sure. Let me first comment on that I've said it will be lower than it was previously. I certainly would help you in that number and say a little lower, just so that you're getting into something closer. I realize zero to 40% is not as helpful. I would also say that it does tend to be lumpy, and it's why I don't give very specific guidance every single quarter, and it was not at all impacted by LinkedIn. Our real goal for LinkedIn is – over time of course I'm sure they'll want to take advantage as we build new services together of some of our infrastructure assets. But in the short term, the most important thing is they continue to add value and usage and great experience for their members. And so I have really no intention of messing with that in terms of capital expenditures in the short and next six months for sure. So I think what you're seeing in terms of year over year and what does it mean for next year, this next quarter, it will be a sequential increase, but again, it is a bit lumpy.
