Chris Suh: Thanks, operator and thanks, everyone for joining us this afternoon. This does feel like a bit of a homecoming. Some of you may remember, I was in IR a number of years ago. I am excited to be back and looking forward to working with all of you. With me today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer, Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel. On our website, microsoft.com/investor, is our financial summary slide deck which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft investor relations website until January 24, 2014. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are predictions, protection or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call and in the risk factor section of our Form 10K, Form 10-Q and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Before I hand the call over to Peter, I would like to remind you all that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year. Also, unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the cumulative effect of the revenue deferral and recognition related to Windows, Office and Xbox videogame and the details of those adjustments can be found in our financial summary slide deck and press release. With that I will turn it over to Peter.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Peter. We want to get questions from as many of you as possible, so please just stick to one question and avoid long and multi-part question. Operator, please go ahead and repeat the instructions.
Chris Suh: And tend to reiterate in Peter's guidance, excluding Surface. I think Peter just high-single digits COGS for (inaudible) Surface.
Chris Suh: Okay. So, that will wrap up our Q&A portion of today's earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you at the numerous events and conferences, which we'll be participating in this quarter. For those of you unable to attend in person, these events will generally webcast and you will be able to follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact us if you have any additional questions or details. Thanks again for joining us. Take care.
Peter Klein: Thanks everyone for joining us. I am pleased to welcome Chris as the new head of investor relations. Chris has been with Microsoft for over 16 years and has been in diverse finance role which gives him a good background for this role. I also want to thank Bill for all he has accomplished over the past four years and congratulate him on his new role as the CFO of the Skype division. This quarter we had record revenue of $22 billion and record earnings per share of $0.81. It has been an exciting quarter with the launch of Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8. In the enterprise, we continue to see solid demand for our business products and services with particularly strong growth in multiyear licensing. Multiyear licensing revenue benefited from healthy renewals of enterprise agreements as customers continue to make long-term commitments to the Microsoft platform. Our robust portfolio of enterprise products and services enable CIOs to build efficient infrastructure, unlock business insight, improve productivity and support bring your own device. In the data center, recent releases of Windows Server 2012 and System Center 2012 are driving customer wins and strong renewals. Our cloud OS roadmap uniquely positions us to support the hybrid infrastructure needs of CIOs by providing one consistent platform that can span their own data center, our partners data center, or Windows Azure with ultimate flexibility, portability and scale. On the data platform, we are growing our revenue share as enterprises continue to move mission-critical workloads to SQL Server and deploy it for their business intelligence solutions. In productivity, we are excited about the upcoming launch of the new Office, and how it redefines user experience with mobility, social and cloud features. The new Office features a fast fluid design that takes full advantage of the new Windows interface. With Skype and Yammer integration it unlocks new experiences for communication and collaboration and brings social directly into productivity scenarios. With Windows 8, businesses will now be able to give their employees thin and light devices without compromising on security or manageability. Windows 7 momentum in the enterprise continues and today, over 60% of enterprise desktops worldwide are on Windows 7. We've talked about Windows 8 as Windows re-imagined from the chipset to the user experience. As we undergo this transformation, it is important for us to bring the entire ecosystem along with us. With the launch in October, we collectively took the first of many steps changing the way people use technology at work and in play. Since then, the number of Windows 8 certified systems has nearly doubled. The number of apps in the Windows store has quadrupled and Windows users have downloaded over 100 million apps. To-date, we have sold over 60 million licenses of Windows 8. Our partners, including OEM hardware manufacturers, app developers and retailers have worked hard to get us to where we are today. It’s early days and an ambitious endeavor like takes time. Together with our partners, we remain focused on fully delivering the promise of Windows 8. As part of our work to advance the ecosystem, we launched Surface Windows RT last quarter. Surface is one part of the overall Windows 8 story. With tight integration across hardware and software, Surface highlights the unique innovation enabled by Windows 8, we launched it exclusively in our stores and in select geography and are expanding our retail and geographic footprint. As we look forward, we strive to deliver seamless experiences across hardware, software and services. Windows 8, Windows Phone 8 and Xbox 360, provide a similar look and feel to users. This consistency complemented with our cloud services like Bing, SkyDrive, Xbox LIVE and SmartGlass unifies the consumer experience. In the Enterprise, we continue to design and deliver world-class cloud solutions that allow our customers to move to the cloud on their own terms. The compelling experiences we deliver across our devices and services as well as our large partnering customer base uniquely positions us for sustained future growth. In summary, this quarter strength of our product portfolio delivered record revenue and earnings per share. As we enter calendar year 2013, there is tremendous opportunity for our partners, developers and customers to leverage the capabilities and scenarios our significant product releases have enabled. With that, I am going to hand it back to Chris to provide more details on our results.
Peter Klein: Thank, Phil. As we said, we think of Surface as one part of the overall Windows 8 story. Certainly this quarter it was a contributing factor to the revenue growth in Windows Business. What it does is it highlights some interesting innovation that can happen to demonstrate the power of Windows 8 when tightly integrated hardware and software and new categories of devices, and where, obviously we had some limited distribution this quarter in our stores. As you know, we are excited about expanding that. So our goal is to continue to build that business to highlight the incredible power of Windows 8 in an interesting set of devices. We are going to expand geographically. We are going to expand the product line up. We are going to expand retail distribution and capacity. So we look forward to continuing the growth of that business.
Peter Klein: Thanks, Walter. We have learned a lot this quarter. We learned a lot about the types of experiences and scenarios and to some extent the price points the customers are looking for from their devices. We saw some really great demand for some of the touch devices that we brought to market. In some cases, we didn’t have the supply that we needed to satisfy that demand. From a price point, we learned what we have always suspected, which is this segmentation and differentiation. There is one of the powers in the Windows ecosystem, obviously, is the variety of devices and form factors and experiences at a variety of price points. We learned that that continues to be important. As I said, we are working very closely with both our chip partners as well as the OEMs to bring the right mix of devices which means, to your point, the right set of touch devices at the right price point depending on the unique needs of the individual. We learned a lot about that and one of things you will see is a greater variety of devices at a bigger variety of price points that meet the differentiated needs of our consumers.
Peter Klein: Thanks, Rick. You are thinking about that absolutely correctly. We have seen big increases in multiyear annuity business. Bookings growth was very strong. So you are seeing that transition to long-term commitment to the business. Secondarily, this quarter obviously in a prelaunch quarter, cyclically you tend to see a slowdown in transactional business as well but that was secondary to this longer-term trend of transition to the multiyear commitment.
Peter Klein: Yes. The inventory is a function of both, what's happening in the Xbox business and Surface. They are sort of offsetting impact this quarter. Some of it is from Surface and then some of it is from the Xbox business.
Peter Klein: Okay. I'll start with your first question, which was MBD renewal rate, you know, I think it's a combination of things. Heather as you know over time, we've been broadening the notion of how we think about productivity and so I think it's a combination of a couple of things. One is, just the product set, Lync is a big driver, SharePoint, Exchange, so the connection between the collaboration and communications' technology and the enhancements to just the productivity applications themselves, I think Office 365 and the roadmap to the cloud is really exciting to customers and part of the reason they are making the long-term commitment to MBD and to the Office and related products, is because our roadmap to the cloud really resonates with them in how they get there over time and how that works. I think also, our roadmap from a capability perspective and what's coming in the new Office, with social, again, advances in the cloud is really driving sort of a roadmap that's compelling to customers and so that's why they are making long-term commitments to the platform, so that's great to see. In inventory, yes, you are thinking about it right. I think we saw the normal sort of drawdown from the Xbox business in any offsetting increase there was related to Surface.
Peter Klein: Yes. Thanks, Kash. Windows, as I talked about, Windows 8 is a sort of big, bold, re-imagining of Windows across the whole ecosystem, and I think this was the start of that process. I think, we all collectively learned a lot about from the user interface to the touch devices. And, as I tried to give context on the call, there's a lot of things we are working on with our partners that I think to continue to drive this process forward over the next several quarters whether it's the chipset, whether it's with developers or the kinds of applications that people want and certainly for the kinds of touch devices that they write price points that consumers want I think all of that continuously improving, we are continuously learning and happens over time, but this is a big ambitious re-imagining of Windows, and this quarter was the first step in that process.
Peter Klein: Well, COGS is always going to be a function of the mix of the types of revenue and so its really depend on what your underlying assumptions are about the differing components of the revenue, whether that’s hardware related revenue in Xbox and now in Surface, whether its multiyear licensing business in enterprises and what online services. So at any point in time, it's really going to depend on that mix of revenue, which is just going to cycle over time. So we try to give you some sense for the rest of the year how we see that playing out in total at Microsoft and again that’s going to be a function of the mix we see between the various components.
Peter Klein: Yes, the three biggest components of the 11% total revenue growth, that 11% adjusted for the recognition of the deferrals, in the Windows business were the retail upgrades, the sales of the Surface and then multiyear licensing agreements within enterprises. To your point, there was some tailwind from inventory which was normally as you highlight what we see in the launch quarter and as Chris said, it's within the healthy range that we typically see. But that was some tailwind. But the three big impacts all up on the Windows revenue were the retail upgrades, sales of Surface and the enterprise annuity business which continues to grow double-digit.
Peter Klein: We are going to run the same long-term trend on piracy that we have always been. I wouldn't highlight anything specific to this quarter, but as always we are fighting piracy across all the dimensions and the long-term trend should be good, but that will cycle up and down in any given quarter.
Peter Klein: On the first question, the guidance we gave on the revenue, we continue to work hard on the cost structure, but certainly as we highlighted the dynamics on revenue will be relatively consistent to what you see this quarter. In terms of the monetization, it's what we have been very focused on here. Part of it is the work we have done with our partnership with Yahoo. Part of it's the quality of the searches that we have been doing. It's the realization of all the work we have been doing on both the search engine as well as the app platform to make sure it's finally tuned to deliver the best economic result and that's what we been talking about this for, gosh, a year and a half, two years. We have been really focused on that with our best talent and you start to see that paying off and that's what's driving the monetization.
Peter Klein: The biggest impact is the capabilities that we have delivered with SQL Server 2012. In terms of the use cases, there is couple of things that fall into those buckets of mission-critical and BI. In terms of mission-critical, we are seeing large enterprise customers re-platform on SQL for any number of things, underneath their ERP, underneath what are the major sort of LOB apps they have that sort of drive their business and that's really an emerging trend with 2012 and what that does. That's really advance and I would add that that's been one of the drivers of our transition to multi-year licensing, because now we're seeing customers commit more and more to SQL as part of their multi-year enterprise agreements as well. On BI side, the combination of SQL as well as SharePoint and Excel is really compelling to customers in terms of the business insights they can generate from their line of business application systems, and I think really the combination of the types what you see frontend on Excel, on top of the SQL database is really good of a driver for both businesses frankly and that's a lot of what's driving the multi-year licensing business up about MBD and FTB.
Peter Klein: Well, the one thing I would say is not only over 60% of Windows 7, but about 90% have expressed, they have a plan to do that and so I expect to see sort of steady drumbeat between now and end-of-life for XP support in April 2014 for that to continue because the incentive is there and the express desire to do that has been expressed by our customers, so I would expect to see that continue over the next year, year-and-a-quarter.
Peter Klein: Yes. There's a couple of things. They like the ability to get thin lightweight devices with the kind of security and manageability that they are used to manage their business and also there's early interest in new applications being developed with the Windows 8 interface which is a new way for their users to interact with their business applications, so I think you will see those two things are early information in driving the business interest in Windows 8.
Peter Klein: Well, a cloud purchase will sort of mirror multi-year annuity pressures. It's a very similar way to accomplish the same thing. You are making a long-term commitment, the revenue is going to be recognized in a similar fashion. Today, we see a hybrid where customers are buying multi-year enterprise agreements. They'll also add-on some cloud services with that, but it will manifest itself in our financial results in a very similar way.
