Amy Hood: Let me break down the question in a couple of ways. Overall, when you think about COGS and the pacing, the depreciation rates of our servers don't change. It’s generally over a three-year period and there is other pieces of equipment that have a longer, shorter depreciation life. So that piece of depreciation doesn't change per se. If you're looking to see how we see demand, obviously this quarter in Q4, we felt very good about cloud demand across all three services, but in particular with Azure.  I feel confident in our ability to produce gross margin improvement across all those services. I feel confident in our ability to continue to make progress on our overall commercial cloud gross margin growth, and I am encouraged by the demand signals we are getting. All of those things I think, it’s not really about the pace, it is much about the progress and demand and meeting those things as closely as we can and I feel really good about the team's execution.
Amy Hood: And I think in many ways Keith what we have done is a really a natural extension of some of the investments we’ve made over the past 18 months to add technical resources to be more present in customer accounts, to really drive their transformation towards success outcomes. You are seeing it even in our intelligent cloud results for the last quarter and this quarter. We’re taking that learning over the past 18 months and really applying it at a broader scale across the sales force to put those resources where we feel confident that they will have a good long-term return in that next phase of transformation.
Amy Hood: Thanks Karl. Let me make sure I cover of on most of those. Let me start by saying, the biggest driver in commercial bookings growth this quarter was excellent execution on a large base of renewals. The second component of that is the execution on new revenue; in particular Azure, as well as Windows commercial, and billings in the quarter were very good and quite encouraging overall. There was no change in any way to invoicing people paying earlier, paying more upfront, that’s definitely not an impact on that number. And so overall, I think while it is certainly aided by the large expiry base because it tends to impact the CNB balance the most, it is really I think to your point; it is clearly encouraging because it gives us a very good base of support going into FY 2018 to come in to the GAAP reporting numbers.
Amy Hood: There’s a couple of things, but in general it is almost always mix shift. While we saw improvement in the gross margin percentage in Office 365 and continue to make progress on that it is also the balance, right. This is the first quarter where we’ve actually seen the balance tip in terms of recognized revenue to online versus perpetual. So, I actually feel very good, but as we continue to accelerate the growth trajectory that you are not seeing frankly much impact on the gross margin line and we are seeing a lot of leverage in that through OpEx all the way down to the operating income line.
Amy Hood: Sure. When you think about, you are right, it is a big number, and I feel very good about it, and for the year on a pure basis it was $15 billion of commercial cloud revenue. So we are starting to get to that point Mark where you have a big base, which is still growing at a fast rate, and so especially ARR numbers can see big jumps in the one that you saw this quarter, and your right, Q4 is also historically quite a big quarter and this one certainly was as well. But you also saw - and what really does matter, especially in Azure is usage of growth, really consumption growth having customers use deploy, be successful, and really continue to get you think sort of meters up and running and that continues to build on itself, and so when you start to see that you can, and I do think and we will continue to see good growth in this number.
Amy Hood: Let me start by saying, first I feel very good about meeting our stated goal of $20 billion in commercial cloud ARR. Next, I think across every service the momentum we’ve seen in Q4 and in particular, I would say, I think not many people focus on it, but even things like Windows E5, advanced threat protection services, those types of deployments really will add to momentum in our offerings. One of the things we often talk about is, we sell Microsoft 365. That’s Windows 10 with securities and services. It is a modern workplace that includes up-to-date Office 365 and it includes EMS. We really did see strength across all of them. So I don't really think it’s about a percentage, but it’s about each of them continuing to make progress.
Amy Hood: And so to your point and it’s a nice transition from Satya's point about, especially the midmarket offering coming in the fall for Microsoft 365 is installed base growth. You are right, in terms of Office commercial 365 the primary driver is still installed base, both the transition as well as new. I think we are optimistic as we head into FY 2018 for the installed base growth possible in particular for some of these midmarket offerings that we’re quite proud off The ARPU growth that you saw and have seen in the past couple of quarters continues to primarily, Phil, be related still to the E1 to E3 transition. When we mentioned E5, I think that’s frankly encouraging for us because all of these premium offers do best when you start the deployment motion. People start using E1 then they use E3 and then you start to see the momentum in E5, and we did see that. However, in terms of ARPU impact very, very small in quarter. So that’s something that over time you will continue to see improvement in terms of impact on ARPU.
Amy Hood: Thanks Kash. Let me go through the bookings, again with that 30% the first and best contributor to that is the strong performance on the renewals in quarter. It was a reasonably consistent Kash, there was not a geo in particular that I would say was a massive outlier although in two of our largest geos, the U.S. and Germany they did have very good years in particular in Q4.  Now if you separate the fact that we had the larger base with clearly contribute to that bookings number being big, aside from that in particular Azure in the last year point did really show up in that 18.9, it didn't, the strong billings growth really showed up in that unearned outperformance, which you saw versus the guide and it was significant, a lot of that is the Azure fillings. I think we felt very good, those as well, I think we’re pretty broad-based across industry. I would also say across geo.  And so while we of course get some strength from our largest geos, and I would say they were probably the largest contributors if it was actually quite broad there is not only one place for me to say that we just saw it here, and then the final component that I would say was better than we anticipated and the way you’d see that cash, again versus the unearned guidance and the beat that we had there with that final piece around our security value prop, ATP - Windows annuity growth was very good. That’s in the KPI Windows commercial products and services. It is the place you will look and see that number and outside of that I mean those really are the biggest contributors.
Amy Hood: And I think maybe, I should have also mentioned, when you think about seeing that type of performance and Satya mentioned it is not just because of work done this quarter, it is a great point, but it’s also the investments we’ve made. We’ve committed, we did sales overlays. We added technical resources. We put resources at customers ahead of the curve, we did that you saw that and the operating in the intelligent cloud OpEx growth over the past few quarters, that execution is what’s landing.
Amy Hood: Okay, you are right, Mark it’s not exactly if I said is the Q3 from three years ago exactly the expiry base it is not exactly, but it is directionally. And so that’s a good example to say, every three years tends to be the length of our agreements and so you to tend to see that repeated, and that’s what we mean by sort of the record or the largest expiry base and that is the pattern. In terms of LinkedIn having any impact? It did not. So that is the cleanest way to think about that number.
Amy Hood: And so that leads why I always tend to say, I don't focus as much on the mix per se. I know both of them will matter and both of them are important, and so that’s why I tend to focus on that all up server KPI combination of the progress in the cloud, Azure, as well as the edge which is the on-prem. And so I think, we remain confident that double-digit target that we have for that KPI and is it really, I don't think sort of a comparability challenge per se, but that’s why we try to keep it at that high level to not get too tied to one or the other, given we know the TAM expansion that’s possible, we know we can grow within it. And I apologize, I didn't answer Marks last component, so let me just go back and I had forgotten, which was, was there anything unique in the expiry base for Q1, the answer is, it is up a little year-over-year, but in certainly not through the same type of Q4 comparable. When we tend to have these, we tried to call them out like we did in Q3 leading into Q4. So, Q1 I would say is just up a little. So I wouldn't expect any material impact.
Amy Hood: Thanks Brad. The way I tend to think about it is, with any service you want the gross margin itself to improve, and that includes in the Azure services components themselves. The difference between core compute in-store versus the premium layers can be significant and we’ve had improvements across all of them. So, the real question on how and where should the Azure gross margin be is about sort of the ultimate mix of those. Anyhow, we saw significant improvement this year. We expect a lot of improvement again next year on each of those service lines. And where the actual mix occurs among those lines, I think we will just have to wait and see, but that’s why I tend to not focus at that layer it’s like can you get every service better, can you make material improvement, and then of course can you get usage and consumption going that leads to premium service usage, and of course over time you’d expect a higher mix of premium versus core.
Satya Nadella: Let me start, first of all thank you for the question Keith. Overall, the approach we have taken for multiple years now is to transform everything that we do inside the company, whether it’s the product creation, how we’re organized in the R&D, how we think about breaking down any silos and category definitions we may have had in the past, how we think about even marketing and the marketing approach, and then of course even with the go to market, and this transformation is ongoing. This has been happening over multiple years, but we have now got very good customer momentum because ultimately this is all driven by the opportunity at hand, which is much bigger than anything that we have participated in the past, so the total addressable market is much bigger. And second, our customer expectations and our partner expectations of how we show up with them has changed, and so over the years we have been making changes and now that we have a lot more momentum and critical mass, we are going to that next phase and that’s what you are seeing us in terms of changing the skill set, changing the scope of how we show up to support the digital transformation needs of both large customers, as well as small businesses.
Satya Nadella: So one of the things that we are very excited about and have learnt a lot from is the secure productive enterprise offer that we have had now last year and impacted Q4, it really accelerated significantly, and so that has helped us in fact come up with Microsoft 365 at this very strong offering that brings together Office 365, Windows 10, as well as our enterprise mobility and security. And support even cross-platform devices.  So we think of the modern workplace as having a very significant footprint of Windows, but also people will use phones of iOS and Android, but they need both productivity, creativity, and security across all of this estate of theirs, and that’s where I think we have a competitive advantage and a great value proposition. So that’s what Microsoft 365 embodies.  It’s today available for enterprises and in the fall you will have the midmarket version of it, which I think is a another very big opportunity because it really helps take what we have learnt in the large enterprises and scale it to where perhaps the need is even more acute and so we are excited about that and at Inspire the partner channel obviously is very excited about it as well.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I am going to - if I add one thing, I will just say that nothing shows up in just one quarter. We have been working on this for a long time whether it is the product and the approach we have taken from IaaS to PaaS to SaaS, even the diversity of our SaaS offerings, and also how we think about going to market. All of these have been multiple years of hard work, and clearly there is momentum across the board, and that I think is what you are seeing and we are excited about this quarter's execution and performance, and I think it bodes well for what we do in the future, but the key is for us to recognize that this is about the sort of long-term commitment to a big opportunity in making sure that you line up your execution against that.
Satya Nadella: Maybe I can start and at least give you what or how we think about it technically and product –wise, and then we can go into talking about the future in terms of the results itself. First of all, we don't think of our servers as distinct from our cloud. In other words, there is intelligent cloud and the intelligent edge is the architecture of pattern for which we are building, whether it is SQL server 2017 or with Windows server, the container service everything that we do assumes that distributed computing will actually remain distributed, and it turns out that it’s helpful to think about it that way both for customers who are rationalizing their portfolios of apps as they lift shift modernize as to what they run in their data centers are in our data centers, but also forward-looking new workloads.  If you look at some of the most exciting things that are happening in the cloud, is cloud applications that actively require an edge Azure IOT, or Azure Stack are becoming the runtimes of the edge where you do need not only the ability to do compute and storage, but to run the AI inference and the edge. So to me that’s what we’re building to. It’s actually a big architectural shift from thinking purely as a migration to some public cloud to really thinking of this as a real future distributed computing infrastructure and applications, but I quite frankly feel very, very good about leading and so in that context our server license revenue will fluctuate based on what the macro is and these transitions and mix shifts, but from a forward-looking perspective, I want us to be very, very clear that we anticipate the edge to be actually one of the more exciting parts of what’s happening with our infrastructure.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I mean I think we have premium services whether it’s an Office 365 or in the SaaS side with a Dynamic 365 and that’s where the SharePoint comment came, but there is a lot more in Office 365 adoption cycle beyond exchange or email. On the Azure side, my comments in fact walked that entire tree so to speak, which is the infrastructure there wherein flat even in the infrastructure side there is no such thing as one generic infrastructure when I look at the diversity of the virtual machines, what’s happening with AI infrastructure with GPU compute. So there’s a lot of richness there.  The layer about that for me is the data state, one of the exciting things is the growth in Azure DB, the growth in Cosmos DB, data warehouse product, the Datalake, so that is a place where we are seeing significant attach. On top of the data is where the AI services, where the bot framework, the cognitive services. So that’s all the rich services where we are seeing significant customer action. The other side of it is the edge, so Azure IOT, our service both in the cloud and the edge and Azure Stack now truly are starting this quarter is going to be another way to extend out the rich services of Azure even beyond public cloud deployment.  So that’s what hopefully gives you a flavor for the IP that we have. And then one linchpin that we have between, in fact, our SaaS services, as well as Azure is Azure active trajectory. 90% of all the enterprises use Active directory and all of them rendezvous with Azure Active Directory irrespective of what applications they have in whichever cloud because that becomes a very key control plane for IT.
