Bill Koefoed: Thank you, Carol, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. As usual, with me today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel. On our website is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. This information is available at microsoft.com/investor. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until October 20, 2012. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call and in the Risk Factors sections of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Okay, and with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.
Bill Koefoed: And Phil, transactional for STB was low-single digits, which we believe was roughly in line with the server hardware market, as Peter mentioned.
Bill Koefoed: And I would just add, I mean, unearned came in kind of right in line with our expectations, so we continue to execute well on the annuity side for sure.
Bill Koefoed: But I would add, we're such in early days there that I don't think it's had a big impact on our business performance to date.
Bill Koefoed: Well, and we reflected that in our unearned guidance that we gave you last quarter, which was we expected sequential kind of Q4 to Q1 but sequential -- sequentially, it would decline a little bit more than normal. So I'd say, it kind of came in line with what we had expected it to be, as I said earlier.
Bill Koefoed: Yes, I mean, I would just add, as you've seen in our results, the Xbox LIVE has been phenomenal, both in terms of growth of users, growth in revenues. The content that we have coming out this holiday season is going to be super exciting, and obviously, as I mentioned in my remarks, that we're going to have over 70 games out this holiday season. So we believe that we have the most compelling entertainment experience in the living room. And hopefully, for those of you who don't have it, you should go out and check it out this holiday season because it's going to be pretty exciting.
Peter S. Klein: Thanks, Bill, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. Today, I’m pleased to share with you our first quarter financial results. We’ve started fiscal year 2012 with good momentum. We have great products in market, customer satisfaction is high, and we have important strategic investments and alliances to position us well for long-term growth. This quarter, we saw revenue growth across all of our segments. Similar to prior periods, we continued to see broad-based demand across geographies, including Europe. Within our segments, the Microsoft Business Division continued its momentum with revenue of $5.6 billion, growth of 8%. Despite the best efforts of competitors, Office remains the overwhelming choice for productivity, evolving with our customers and posting impressive revenues. We are extremely pleased by the market reception to Office 2010 this far into the launch cycle. We’re 15 months post-launch, but we still saw an increase in the consumer PC attach rate for Office this quarter. And, for businesses, Office 2010 remains a top priority. Just as important, businesses are also adopting our productivity server applications including Lync, SharePoint and Exchange, either on-premise or in the cloud with Office 365. The early success of Office 365 has surpassed our expectations. Businesses around the world, and of all sizes, are making the commitment to Microsoft’s cloud services. Our business infrastructure offerings, including Windows Server, Hyper-V and System Center, are a top priority for enterprises. The flexibility, performance, scalability, and price advantage of our private cloud products uniquely meet the needs of the market. And with Windows Azure, we enable our customers to build new applications and extend their existing private cloud assets to the public cloud. As we discussed at our Financial Analyst Meeting, we are increasingly delivering integrated experiences across multiple devices, from the phone to the Xbox and TV and to the PC. Earlier this month, we launched an updated version of our Windows Phone operating system with a broad array of new features and services, including enhanced integration with Bing, Xbox LIVE and Office 365. With Nokia, Samsung and other devices coming to market, we are well positioned to become the third mobile ecosystem. In the living room, we continue to differentiate the entertainment experience for Xbox users around the world, and we recently announced partnerships with nearly 40 leading TV and entertainment providers. Powered by Kinect and voice search through Bing, users will be able to easily search and enjoy content from a large collection of content providers through their Xbox 360 consoles. And on the PC, Windows 7 is the operating system of choice for almost half a billion people around the world. Combined with the innovative hardware being brought to market by our OEM partners this holiday season, Windows will continue to deliver the great experiences that people want. During the quarter, we unveiled the developer preview of the next version of our PC operating system. Windows 8 creates a modern platform designed for a new generation of hardware experiences enabled by touch and a diversity of chip architectures. In Search, monetization of our ad platform remains below our expectations, and we continue to partner closely with Yahoo! to address the platform gaps and inefficiencies. We recently agreed to extend the RPS guarantee payments to Yahoo! reflecting the strength of our partnership and our continued commitment and optimism about the financial opportunity ahead of us. Last week, we reached a significant milestone with the closing of our acquisition of Skype. We welcome Skype employees into the Microsoft family. And we welcome the over 170 million people who rely on Skype for their voice and video calls on a monthly basis. Now that the deal is closed, we are starting the integration of Skype’s world-class services and global-networked platform across our portfolio of products and services including Lync, Windows Live Messenger, Windows Phone and the Xbox platform.  Together, we will redefine social and real-time communications for consumers and businesses around the world. In summary, we are off to a good start to the year. Customer demand across the breadth of our product portfolio was healthy, and we remain focused on our strategic investments and partnerships that will help drive future growth. With that, I’m going to hand it back to Bill to provide more details on our results.
Peter S. Klein: Thanks, Bill. For the remainder of the call, I'll discuss our expectations for the second quarter and full year, beginning with the Windows and Windows Live Divisions. We expect revenue to continue to be impacted by market dynamics similar to what we experienced in the past several quarters, with PC growth in emerging markets significantly outpacing growth in developed markets. Turning to the Microsoft Business Division. Transactional revenue, approximately 40% of the division's total, will likely lag the overall PC market for both the second quarter and full fiscal year, reflecting a higher mix of PC shipments to emerging markets and the prior-year launch impact. In addition, when updating your models, remember that last year, we recognized $224 million of revenue related to the Office 2010 Tech Guarantee. Multiyear licensing revenue, approximately 60% of the division's total, should grow mid- to high-single digits for the second quarter and low double digits for the full fiscal year. Moving to Server & Tools. Approximately 30% of the division's revenue comes from transactional licensing, 50% from multiyear licensing and 20% from Enterprise Services. For the second quarter and full fiscal year, we expect transactional revenue to generally track with the hardware market. Multiyear licensing revenue should grow low double digits, and Enterprise Services revenue should grow about 20%. Turning to the Online Services Division. We are focused on improving the financial performance of our Search business. Our #1 priority is to resolve the monetization challenges of the combined ad platform. We are working very closely with Yahoo! on bridging the RPS gap. As we improve RPS, revenue should track the online advertising market more closely. Moving onto the Entertainment & Devices Division. Including Skype, we now expect revenue to grow low double digits for the second quarter and high teens for the full fiscal year. Switching to overall cost of goods sold for the company. We expect COGS growth to have similar dynamics to what we experienced the past 3 quarters. Growth will be driven by increased Xbox console sales, Xbox LIVE royalty costs, the inclusion of Skype, Enterprise Services and online costs, including Yahoo! traffic acquisition costs. We have adjusted our fiscal year operating expense guidance to include Skype and the associated integration costs. As a result, we now expect operating expenses to be $28.6 billion to $29.2 billion for the full fiscal year. We expect our effective tax rate to be 19% to 21% for the second quarter and full fiscal year, and we still expect capital expenditures to be about $2.5 billion for the full fiscal year. For the second quarter, we expect unearned revenue to roughly follow historical seasonal patterns. We continue to expect unearned revenue at the end of the fiscal year to grow low double digits compared to the prior fiscal year. As I discussed at our Financial Analyst Meeting last month, we have a balanced approach to capital allocation: investing in growth, returning cash to shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We are investing in the significant growth opportunities we see for our businesses by building integrated products that deliver a differentiated value proposition and accelerating our growth in compelling scenarios like real-time communications with the acquisition of Skype. We will also continue to return cash to shareholders. This quarter, we increased our dividend 25%, and we are continuing our $40 billion share repurchase program approved by the board of directors in 2008, of which $11.2 billion remain. In summary, our financial results this quarter build upon an already strong financial foundation, one that provides stability while at the same time giving us the flexibility to take advantage of growth opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it back to Bill, and we'll take some questions.
Peter S. Klein: Well, there's going to be integration associated costs, some amortization of IP, things like that, that you may or may not be considering. But yes, it'll all appear in E&D.
Peter S. Klein: Let me -- I'll start with the Skype question, and then we'll get to the other question. Obviously, we -- the first thing I'll say is we closed the deal last week, so we're real-time doing a lot of the great work on the product integration planning. We've got folks here sort of in the building as we speak really working hard on what the plans are going to be, and so I think, over time, it will become more clear. I think as we've been talking about since we announced the acquisition, the opportunities are incredibly exciting across the portfolio of our products, whether it's Lync or Windows Live Messenger or Xbox or on the phone. And so I think not only are there great opportunities to integrate across our product portfolio but, as they were working on even before we announced the acquisition, new revenue opportunities related to advertising and premium services, so all of that's coming together as we speak. And mostly, we're incredibly excited to get to work together more fully now that the deal has closed. In terms of your question about Thailand, first thing I want to say, obviously, is our thoughts go out to all the individuals that are affected there, and we're thinking about them. In terms of the impact of that, you're correct, it doesn't impact solid-state, which is good. And I would say this about, overall, the impact. I think, historically, the global supply chain has been pretty resilient to occurrences like this. And so over time, we'll have to watch this very carefully to see kind of what the overall impact is.
Peter S. Klein: We saw both. So with some inventory and some attach, we're definitely seeing improvements in attach sort of across-the-board, so definitely making some improvements on piracy, and then some of that improvement was a little bit of inventory build as we head into the holiday. But to your point, we are definitely seeing improvements in attach this quarter, which was a big driver.
Peter S. Klein: As we've been saying, the key to this profitability of this business is to continue to grow our revenue, and to do that, we have to continue to grow share and grow our revenue for Search, and that's certainly what we're focused on. Obviously, it's a high fixed-cost business. Within that, we have been managing the expenses, and so we are taking every opportunity to manage the profitability of that business, but by far, the most important thing to continue to increase the profitability is to make sure we can continue to grow the revenue, and to do that, we need to make sure we get the revenue for Search up. So that's what we're laser focused on. That's what we've got people working closely with Yahoo! on every day, and we'll continue to focus on that, and that's the most leveraged thing we can do for OSD profitability and, ultimately, the company's bottom line.
Peter S. Klein: Clearly, it's a little premature to talk about sort of changes and what we're going to do with the products. As I said, mostly, we've seen this week is an incredibly excitement with their engineering people and our engineering people getting together to talk about all the opportunities. As we flesh those plans out, obviously, we'll have a lot more to say about that. And in terms of the expense side, what I would say is everything that's included there is included in our guidance framework that we gave you, so that's probably the best guidance I can give you on those expenses.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, on the last question, the transactional revenue for Server & Tools should track the hardware market.
Peter S. Klein: This quarter, sorry. I'll answer the question. On MBD, it's really interesting. There's a couple of things going on, particularly in the enterprise that really provide sustenance for the ongoing business. One is the great sort of traction we get from the integration of SharePoint and Exchange and Lync with Office 2010. So not only is there really good resonance for the Office application, but increasingly, as Bill talked about, customers are deploying communications and collaboration technology with that. And there is a lot of legs to go on the productivity server applications piece of the business. Second thing I would add is the cloud. Increasingly, every time we go in and talk to enterprises about productivity, they want to have a conversation about public cloud services, not necessarily because they want to deploy public cloud tomorrow, but they really want to understand the roadmap and understand where that's leading, and we found that creates an incredibly good conversation that then leads to a broader conversation of a long-term commitment to our platform and applications. And I think, obviously, that's a long-term phenomenon with a lot of room still to go. So the way I think about it, yes, for the Office application, particularly on the transactional side, coming off of launch here, there's some difficult comparables. But on the enterprise side, with the additional products and the cloud, that's really been the driver of our growth, and it is really a long-term catalyst.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, we are still seeing business outpacing consumer, so thank you for that. And on the Enterprise Services, it's interesting, we're really seeing healthy demand for our consulting services to help people architect and deploy sort of the next generation of the products that we're bringing to market, both in Server & Tools and MBD. You can see the connection there, right, Server & Tools continuing to grow double digits. People are really investing in their data centers and in the private cloud, and we're helping people do that and also think about and contemplate what that's going to mean to migrate to the public cloud ultimately. Same thing is true with the productivity server applications. How do you start deploying Lync and SharePoint? How do you think about transitioning to Office 365 over time? So we're really seeing -- we've got a strong pipeline of business there, and that's why you're seeing the growth, both in the cost, frankly, to service demand because, obviously, it's a variable cost business.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, no, a great question. Obviously, specifically in the short run, delivering a service has a different margin profile than delivering software. It's going to have a lower gross margin percentage but, ultimately, should have a higher gross profit dollar. So what you should be thinking about is as we scale, you see accelerated revenue growth at a lower gross margin percentage and a higher gross profit dollars.
Peter S. Klein: Exactly. It's definitely more of the latter. Across-the-board, all of our metrics for revenue, transactional, unearned, CMBs, all what we expected, and it's really just a function of sort of the year-over-year comps and the strong Q4 that we had, and we're excited about the pipeline as we head into Q2. And as you know, Q1 is probably our lowest sort of selling quarter anyway during the year seasonally. So we feel good as we head into Q2.
Peter S. Klein: Well, without being specific about this particular case, I think from a business model perspective, you're thinking about it right. There's lots of opportunities to think about how you might monetize delivering unique and compelling entertainment experiences, and that's clearly kind of how we think about it. That's sort of been the strategy with Xbox business all along, right? Once you get that incredible installed base of engaged users, how can you deliver a set of interactive entertainment experiences sort of across-the-board and what that means, and sort of from a business model perspective, there's lots of interesting ways to monetize that.
Peter S. Klein: So in terms of the deal, we haven't announced any of the specific terms of the deal. We talked conceptually about the deal, and we're super excited about their commitment to the platform and all of that, related to that, is included in the Entertainment & Devices Division.
Peter S. Klein: I think it's -- why don't we -- the second question, we'll talk to you about when we actually report Skype results after the next quarter because we disclosed that last week. And I -- on the E&D business, I would say generally, yes, our guidance is in line with guidance we've given before.
Peter S. Klein: Yes, no, I think we're middle innings. I think we expect that dynamic of business PCs growing faster to last throughout this fiscal year at least, so I would say middle innings.
Peter S. Klein: We've got a really good relationship with Yahoo!. This is a long-term alliance. Everybody is working really well together. We're super focused on what we need to do, and no matter what, that's the goal at hand. And the teams are working really well together to do that. So that's kind of how we're approaching it and focused on it. Okay, so that will wrap up our Q&A portion of today's earnings call. Thanks again for joining us today, and have a good afternoon.
