Satya Nadella: Overall, again I go back to how we think about Azure. We really have a view of distributed computing which is more expansive doing just even our HyperScale cloud. We think about Azure and our servers as one distributed computing fabric that’s building. We also don't think of Office 365 and Dynamics 365 as independent, we think of them altogether building out our commercial cloud because it takes one of the bigger growth areas we have in Azure, it's IoT but it's not just people connecting sensors and collecting data. They collect the data, they store the data, the analyze and do predictions on it but then after you do predictions you got to do something about the predictions. So in many cases they choose to use especially with the new Dynamics 365 field service module automating field service. So it's those higher level scenarios that we are seeing in addition to the core infrastructure that supports hybrid that I think is accelerating and that's something that obviously we didn't make the decision last quarter to do that. This is a decision we made many, many years ago in some sense inception of Azure was built for a future which is much more distributed computing done in a very different way than the client server area. I think we're just finally getting into the early innings of what is true hybrid computing and it's good to sort of see those in last quarter's results as well.
Satya Nadella: We definitely are seeing production workloads that are moving over from on premise, but I think the more interesting thing Heather for us is to see new workloads. When I look at what's happening with say some of the most innovative work we've done around distributed computing which is service fabric and how people are in fact going straight to building out using our past services some of the new HyperScale cloud services using microservices and not only are they doing that but we're also seeing great growth in our serverless infrastructure which is Azure functions. So I am actually as excited about new cloud growth from new cloud workloads from the same customers so the much interesting thing that I am observing is that it could be the same model customer that was participating with us in the client server area. We are not just building or moving their IT but they are building new digital services for HyperScale and that's what it is probably unique in terms of what is changed year-over-year for us. It's not just the Silicon Valley startups anymore, it is the core enterprise that is also becoming a digital company and we are well positioned to serve them and that's good to see.
Satya Nadella: Let me start market and then Amy you can add to it. Again Mark this goes back to a little bit of understanding I guess how we think about both X as well as OpEx in terms of our cloud. The architectural design we have for example when we do X we are buying the four everything that Microsoft does which is everything from Azure to Office 3652 Dynamics 365 as well as our consumer services like Xbox live. And you see the growth that we talked about across all of this. Then we have a very common platform both for first party workloads as well as our third party business. And so then as we drive efficiency and our cloud infrastructure, when we for example use to be more out of our network, that's efficiency that we gain across the marginal cost and gross margin that spans everything that we do. Then also what we think about as the mix our goal is not just to sell commodity services, but to actually use commodity services in some cases as a bootstrap for higher level services because of things like data gravity. So there will be differences quarter to quarter. We may impact on board a few customers who first on board a lot of storage at commodity service levels, and then later on start some of the high level services. So the margin improvement on a lot over a period of time is something that we are absolutely going to see, but from quarter to quarter there will be more volatility, but I would ask our investor base to think more about the architecture as well as the financial outlays of what we're building. We're not just building Azure we're building from 13 Office 365 Dynamics 365 as well as our consumer services withdrawal cloud oriented and it's a combination of that that's driving margin, but Amy I will let you add there.
Satya Nadella: I spoke to this a little earlier because from day one we have this vision of how we want to build for the future distributed computing would include our hyper scale cloud service which is Azure an impact Azure is built on Hyper-V and we always said that we were going to build our server as the edge of our hyper scale cloud and so that's what Windows Server 2016 represents, that’s what SQL Server 2016 represents and so we have this unique capabilities like be able to stretch even a single table in a database in SQL 2016 all the way to the cloud for having infinite table capacity and then having your apps and queries work. How we're doing containers for example in Windows Server 2016 we have great container support as well as support for things like our service fabric so that people can have absolute application portability and in fact people can even [indiscernible] applications. We have many customers who tier their storage and compute across a hybrid backplane. So this is an architectural design point that we have built from the ground up from day one and it's good to see people validating it now and elsewhere and we will take that as a validation of something that we thought of a long time ago.
Satya Nadella: I would say I talked about sort of the reasons the three big reasons why customers choose our cloud in our cloud infrastructure in particular. One, it is about the hybrid design point that is at the core of how we are billed, both Azure as well as our servers. It is because of the higher level services that we have. It is also because of the design point we have around not just Azure but as well as Dynamics 365 and Office 365 and the extensibility of our cloud services across all three of them, and that's really the fundamental reasons why customers choose us. The other thing I will mention is, we have more of a commitment I would say which is been there from a long time to build out a global footprint with more regions and anyone. We are more certifications than anyone in terms of adhering to both regulated industry as well as digital sovereignty. We've done many things we're the only cloud provider for example that operates in China. We operate in Germany under German law. And that matters to multinational companies but also are trying to operate across many geographies and jurisdictions. So those are our core attributes that are driving our growth and will continue to stay focused on them.
Satya Nadella: Overall, we are very, very excited about what we are seeing with SQL on Linux because the entire idea was to be able to have a full conversation around the data as stated with customers. And to now be able to talk about the full SQL estate one of the other conversations that we are having is not just about SQL but our analytics and advanced analytics with where we've done some very, very compelling work again across Linux and Windows and then of course the cloud. So it's really the combination of SQL advanced analytics and the cloud with things like Azure datalink that are really the choices customers are trying to make as they think about their digital capability and the next generation of services and policy storage and processing capability they need. Now, in terms of having support for these different runtimes, you're absolutely right, that's the reason why for example on Azure itself Java is first class. We have Linux is first class. We have real openness to all of the frameworks that you can call out to, and that something that we stay very attuned to come out which is we are not trying to fight some old battles. This is all about being able to serve customers on their needs today and that's what is leading and driving a lot of our choices as well as how we think about our market opportunity.
Satya Nadella: Overall, I am thrilled about both the AI group that we have formed, the AI research and the heritage we have with them even this week I think we publicly are talking about setting the state-of-the-art when it comes to something like speech recognition and something that we did even with image net an image recognition and object. So these are capabilities that are not easy to build if you don't have a real commitment to research and then the ability to take that research and then ultimately turn into products. So the way to measure from the investment side is to see AI when it is infused into everything we do. Take Hololens, the ability of Hololens to be able to see the world, reconstructed and in that world to be able to superimpose holograms, that is AI applied AI that is working today. When you have Skype translate when two people are talking two different languages and are able to automatically translate without between languages, it's using a deep neural net pens bring together speech synthesis, speech recognition and machine translation with Skype data, that is fairly magical. When you seeing capable of running flow to create intelligence, that is what we are using impact from our speech and vision work. That is AI as applied today. So I am not waiting for some future date to see ROI from AI, we're very much going forward even the office tools example I used. They're all using AI today. The PowerPoint designer if you want the most practical use of it, even identify great PowerPoint slides now because of AI. And so, that's how I measure progress. We are committed to long-term research, but we're also very focused on having the long term research translated into everyday use products, and that's what you will see from us going forward.
Amy Hood: When I talk about the premium services mix, in our Office Commercial 365 business being about 60%, that is what's driving whether that's the mix shift to E3 or ultimately to E5 you will continue to see and have headroom in that number but you are right, we are encouraged by the ARPU growth and the value proposition that has customers choosing the premium SKUs and continuing to choose those premium SKUs over time. I don't really think about there being sort of a cap on that when you think about the mix percentage because part of it is as you know not just adding the first few in notes in E3 is continuing to add E5 and new scenarios over time that will continue to create. So hopefully that's helpful but you are right, it is ARPU driven the performance outside of the 40% growth.
Amy Hood: It is actually impacted by the same thing that impacted free cash flow this quarter, which is about a $1.3 billion on settled cash settlement impact. So you actually see that revert in Q2, although our free cash flow growth of 8% in the quarter was actually very good, and I do feel good about that, but I want to make sure you don't miss understand the root cause that makes the number a bit of an anomaly.
Amy Hood: But I would say in terms of sustainability are quarter to quarter, Satya is right. There is going to be very ability the variability is really two things. One is the case of the mix shift to Azure as it grows at the pace we're seeing it does impact quarter to quarter. The overall commercial cloud revenue mix, but I would also say the directionality of the Azure gross margin for example which recent significantly improved we expect to continue. Certainly over the course of this year as we have discussed. So I think the directionality of sustainability is correct and I think the variability can certainly occur from any of the reasons Satya talked about.
Amy Hood: Sure. I am actually going to cover in commercial segments as one because really when you think about the commercial cloud, it's really about capturing the opportunity of selling more complete solutions which include dynamics and office plus some components of Azure which is I think really the trend you'll see us talk about from here on out. So what I would say is, he will continue to see us focus on gross margin improvement and we talked about that. You also continue to see us invest where we see massive market addressable expansion with sales capacity as well. So I think we have pivoted dollars to invest in that opportunity. He will continue to see us do that. But we also expect revenue growth in gross margin growth to come out of that investment. So I do believe that's a continued pace you will see us on, and we feel good about the ROI of the investments we have made especially in those commercial segments. In MPC, I generally expect he will continue to see improvement through the year just based on the mix of products that we will have over the course of the year, that's not new. Use all the same mechanism last year through the year. As we pivot from our phone business to some of our higher margin product. And so, I suspect you will see a similar pattern on a similar desire by Satya to continue to invest toward growth especially on the commercial side.
Amy Hood: Let me break report that long term earned balance a bit. I do really focused and I think it's important if you're trying to understand the buildup of our commercial business to focus only on the unearned commercial balance. Our overall long term under imbalance has been impacted by the Windows 10 deferral over the past. And so it can make a bit of a distraction towards seen the underlying trends. That being said, our commercial under balance is seeing good growth I'm proud of our performance this quarter. Both sequentially and year-over-year. If you think about any change we're making or not, in our partner agreements our customer agreements. We still do generally rely the vast majority on three year agreements so whether or not the term were to change, given how we recognize revenue, I will you know if it's going to be material and I do not expect the change are talking about to be material in any way on the commercial unearned balance.
Amy Hood: In terms of the gross margin question, I feel very good talk about this quarter about our improvement year-over-year and remain confident that we are heading in the right direction and so, I think when you think about that plus the rest of our offerings, I think we're pretty confident. I will take the opportunity and asked about Windows 10 in the enterprise market that we are encouraged by the pace of deployment, the number of proof of concepts, and actually some of the stability we've seen in the commercial PC market in terms of starting to see some so I think overall I think we will continue to watch, but our security and management value prop I think really is paying off.
Amy Hood: With our annuity mix as high as it is, it can impact at a couple points either way, but I don't think about that as really immaterial impact. You should think about in the next couple of quarters. And our focus will always be making sure we have a clear roadmap for customers to make long-term commitments through annuity and so we are really trying to get away from some of that launch impact that you may normally expect to see.
