Amy Hood: Sure, why don’t I talk a little bit about that from a math perspective and I'll let Satya add from some more engineering improvements, which I think are important. Mark, as I talked a bit about, we've seen a mix shift as we have moved Office 365 and Azure to our premium service and to premium SKUs within our cloud environment, that is one of the drivers that helps improve margin growth. In addition, we've done a lot of hard engineering work I believe over the past six quarters to be able to take advantage of more utilization and capacity over time and I'll let Satya maybe add a little bit technically.
Amy Hood: Sure Brent, thanks for the question. I think it's the exact product portfolio that we talked about last year when the impact was happening, so let me take this opportunity to sort of walk you through those components again. Obviously there's a very direct impact, which we've talked the most about in terms of Windows Pro and its mix would attach to business PCs. The other important component of that was when people bought a PC as we talked through the year, they often took the chance whether generally in the business segment which impacts in our world commercial licensing as a reporting unit to buy Office and generally on a non-annuity basis. So if you think about that being the next major transactional type purchase that was driven a year ago as the first externality, the second was in Windows [DL] [ph] we also saw non-annuity purchases in Windows DL which again is in our commercial licensing segment. So if you think about it from a product portfolio, it really is Windows and Office. If you think about it from our reporting segments it's the D&C licensing segment as well as our commercial licensing segment and specifically our transactional revenue growth year-over-year.
Amy Hood: Brent, thanks again. I actually think of it as a general concept. I think really we're trying to invest behind opportunities where we see them. Some of those are more public as we talk about in terms of our sales and marketing adjustments or Ad campaigns that we run by the commercial cloud. Others I think you don't have the opportunity to see until we launch products like we did last week where we were able to reassert our product portfolio and really move our talent to invest in, I guess mind blowing is the word Satya used, in terms of product portfolio in that way. So I'm not sure that all of it Brent I would say is across a line in that way. They're short-term optimizations and longer-term portfolio optimizations that I think we've talked about this before. I think the entire Senior Leadership Team views it as an opportunity to think about where we can best innovate and drive the highest value of every dollar that we invest and I think we've made great progress as a team and I think you're seeing that both in the long-term guidance and in frankly our day-to-day execution through the quarter.
Amy Hood: And I'll talk a little bit about Japan and Walter to answer your question, I don't have any concerns if that expands such that in this unique issue beyond Japan, with the Windows end of XP plus the VAT increase, I do think, as well as some of the macroeconomic environments, it tightened far faster than we had anticipated and Japan in particular because of its model for us, it is a non-annuity geography for us. So impacts in Japan more directly come to the P&L as opposed to on our under C&B balances and that's why this quarter, you saw some weakness in commercial licensing, but when adjusted for FX, our unearned balance and bookings actually felt quite good from our commercial perspective.
Amy Hood: Thanks Walter. I think with all products, I think about the complete sales cycle and I am really encouraged by the fact that we're doing a good job of moving from the initial sales through deployment, through adding on services and back to renewals and I think the importance of that customer lifecycle is really how we think about our workloads and our workload health in the cloud. The workload that we're furthest along on is obviously exchange. It happens also come with directory implementation and so we generally think of a fast deployment also and then adding on workloads and premium workflow cycles. And then as you might imagine, that provides an interesting environment for us to add on some of the products actually that Satya mentioned very directly in his comments such as EMS or Enterprise Mobility Suite. So while I think there is always a lag, the actual goal is the commitment that the customers show to the movement to the cloud and then moving them quickly as we can, but also at their own pace through deployment.
Amy Hood: Thanks Keith. I'll take the opportunity actually to do it for both Pro as well as non-Pro because I wasn’t sure which category you were talking about. Let me start at the highest level, which is if I work at industry analyst as well as many of our peers in the ecosystem, I actually think we agree with most of the benchmarks in terms of PC unit health across business, which has been stable since FY '13 and across consumer where we see meaningful progress made in unit growth both last quarter and especially this one. So then I'll take a second and talk about sort of the distinction between the revenue growth versus the unit growth. Let me start first in Pro. There they're really two key dynamics, the first is the return to the XP levels that we saw prior to the XP refresh. They're consistent, the dynamic mix in terms of emerging markets and developed as well as enterprise sizing is not an ASP problem in Pro. It is a return to the attach level we saw before. The component that actually has impacted -- the second component in Pro that is a quote unquote “ASP/mix comment” is the academic licenses that I referred to earlier where we did lower the price and saw an increased unit number. So that was a second component of the revenue piece, but the larger component was the XP reversion and again that's not an ASP comment. When you come to non-Pro, I think this really refers back to Satya's comments, which is we saw device growth in low price devices opening price points, we actually made I believe a strategic decision to increase our ability to put devices on the shelf, especially at retail at prices under $200 to $249 is how to think about the price points that were the most impacted. We do have the Windows with things skewed there. It is a lower RPL than our traditional non-Pro OEM licenses, but I do believe it drove meaningful ecosystem health and as well drove good competitive dynamics in the channel. And so overall while it did have an RPL impact, which does explain along with mix shift, the minus 13% in non-Pro OEM versus the PC license growth that we saw, I think really Satya covered the actual logic to that in terms of overall ecosystem health as we feel quite good about.
Amy Hood: Let me -- I think in general, let me start by saying all -- all up right. So in our commercial business, I think we’ve done a very good job of continuing to outpace IT spend on an overall basis by continuing to push customers to our annuity business whether they are on -- on premise or the cloud. That is our strategic goal as well as impacts in both segments. Now let me talk about sort of uniquely commercial licensing and how to think about it. While I won’t give specific guidance, I will talk about how to think about the impact in particular from XP. Our transactional revenue will have a headwind from XP. That doesn’t and shouldn’t be interpreted as customers not continuing to be committed or not committing to move to annuity over the longer term, which is exactly I think the question that you're asking. And so while we have a comparability issue that will show itself most directly as weakness in commercial licensing and most specifically as weakness in Office transactional licensing which will be a headwind, the overall goal of continuing to have more customers every quarter move to the cloud or whether or not they move, adding cloud services even if they have on prem because they believe in a hybrid model, is actually the structural guide post we have on a multi-year -- on a multi-year journey.
Amy Hood: Thanks for that question. I think we've talked about this in prior quarters while I think many people want to see it as a finance concept, it’s not. It’s a senior leadership team concept and the leadership environment that I think we're making collective decisions faster. I think we are applying our resources to opportunities when we see them. I think we have a freedom to make those choices quickly and I feel very good those about the decisiveness that comes with it, but also the empowerment that we give to people within our organizations to make those calls, to increase our performance without waiting to an annual budget process. I think some people call it dynamic budgeting. I think for us, I think it’s more about -- thinking about opportunities we have and stack ranking those every day to improve both our execution and our returns.
Amy Hood: Thanks for the question. In general, I think we're still on the early ends of seeing the opportunity that we have in that segment. As you pointed out, there is a couple components that make gross profit dollars per seat or the life time value of a customer depending on the terms you want to use improve and increase over the life cycle. The very first thing and I think Satya even mentioned it in its most direct in SMB is moving from buying a copy of Office, which was a very static concept to the idea where you could buy Office and frankly get all the benefits that those who used to deploy servers used to get only with IT departments of their own. So as you move Office, it’s simply the first step. So, even though obviously it comes at a little lower gross margin percentage, our ability to add workloads, add premium services and to increase our overall footprint inside a customer is really where the life time value goes up. And frankly over time and watching, I think both the creativity and the pace of innovation we’ve seen coming out of our engineering teams particularly in Azure and Office 365 and our CRM team online, I actually even have more confidence in our ability to attach and grow that gross profit over time. We mentioned simply one that didn’t exist I think Brendan when we first started having this conversation, which was our EMS suite and I look and say, those opportunities as well as the creativity of our people I think gives me more confidence if not less in the structural integrity of the lifetime value of a customer argument.
Satya Nadella: Overall, the shift to the higher layer services is the real driver here, which is obviously Office 365 and its various levels is one factor. The other one is what I talked about in the Enterprise Mobility Suite, that's really got fantastic momentum in the marketplace because the solution has really come together and is fairly unique, as well as Dynamic CRM. So these are all got a different profile in terms of margin and they are all now pretty high growth businesses for us. So when you think about our cloud, you got to think about the low-level infrastructure. Even there we now have premium offerings and then we have higher level services. So that aggregate portfolio is what helps us move up the margin curve.
Satya Nadella: One of the comments I had made in my remarks was some momentum we're seeing in our consumer cloud services. So for example, the store monetization, Bing monetization, Xbox Live monetization as Xbox Live monetization as Xbox Live now in fact is going to span devices are all things that drive monetization for below 9 inches. So I think of device gross margin in some cases because we are building devices like the phones as well as this post sale monetization using our consumer cloud services as the two additional levers that we have in order to be able to monetize Windows devices.
Satya Nadella: And I will just add that we're also making pretty significant changes in just the very workflow of our engineering teams and that also leads to us getting more out of our current investments. So there is significant I would say combination of culture change as well as how we work change that drives more innovation for the same dollar.
Satya Nadella: I'll just start by just talking about China. We have in China currently a set of geopolitical issues that we are working through. We're very committed to China as a market. We have in fact pockets of good growth in China with our cloud doing fairly well, but at the same time we're grounded that in the fact that we need more work to do and we're working through them and then as and when they will work out, we will let you know.
Satya Nadella: I think it's definitely expanding the market opportunity. One of the things that I feel very good about is the risk we took to introduce the two-in-one category and I feel now that we see that in fact inspire even a lot of activity in our own OEM ecosystem and we see many good designs coming because it's viewed as a category that drives growth. And so from that perspective I feel good about leading because that's one of our strategic goals, which is we want to create new categories, foster more demand for the entire ecosystem.
Satya Nadella: Thanks Rick for the question. As I said in my remarks, I am very optimistic about what Windows 10 means for our customers, partners and Microsoft. The core idea of Windows 10 is to build a device operating system that spans the gamut from no screens to small screens, to PCs and even large screens. In fact if you look at our innovation, we're perhaps unique in the large screen innovation that we're doing with Surface Hub, Hollow Lands as well as some of the two-in-one form factors. So overall I think the most strategic objective for us is to get developer momentum with Windows 10 and that's where we're focusing on with a lot of different actions. One is the one unified developer platform, which I think is perhaps the most strategic piece of Windows 10 along with the unified store. And now couple that with the call we've made to provide an upgrade offer. We're creating great opportunity for every developer to write these universal windows application that will run on the desktop as well as on our phone and tablets, as well as on Surface Hub and in fact Hollow Lands runs universal applications.` No one else provides that kind of a unified market place for developers and especially the changes we've made to the desktop user interface means these universal applications are in fact very naturally discoverable right where we have high usage, which is the desktop. So that's the combination of things that we think are going to play out effectively and of course we're in beta right now or previews right now and getting daily feedback across the length and breadth of Windows 10, but overall I am very optimistic of what it means, both as a platform as well as a set of end user features.
Satya Nadella: Thanks Phil. So let me start. Overall, what we're seeing is, clearly there is increased usage of infrastructure as a service because a lot of people will move an existing workload into the cloud. But the interesting thing that happens once you move your initial workload is you build around it. Especially for example, if you move a VM with some data into the cloud, you may want to use the same data to build a mobile front end and that’s when you're starting to use some of our platform as a service components like our Azure Mobile Services, Azure Media Services. So we see the combination and they're not all happening coincident, but there is time lag in it but therefore that’s one of the reasons why we want to be very aggressive in getting the workloads on to Azure both storage and compute; and even in the storage and compute, we now have premium offerings for higher SLA, for higher performance, higher VM sizes and then on top of that, we have these managed services which have a different margin profile. So media services, mobile services, WAB which is another place where we actually have lot of traction. And then that’s all just on Azure. Once you get beyond Azure, you have things like CRM Online, you have enterprise mobility suite and of course the Office 365 line up and when we think about our capital and in fact the core infrastructure, we don’t have different infrastructure for these different services. It’s one common infrastructure and one common data center footprint between O365 Azure, CRM, Xbox Live everything. So that’s why utilization of that entire infrastructure is how we think about even total return on invested capital for our cloud business.
Satya Nadella: On Azure itself, one of the other elements that I did not actually talk about in response to Phil’s question is the hybrid offering. One of the products that's doing very, very well for us is the store simple product, which is essentially a storage product that cloud Tiers virtualization storage from on-premise to the cloud. We also have built now into windows server backup and disaster recovery, same thing with SQL server. So that's the first thing that we're seeing is increased usage of our servers with the cloud component. Bursting is something for sure a lot of people do but that’s more on the high end because in the SMB segment, the real movement there is more to Office 365. In fact, one of the things in Office 365 is we're getting people to effectively use servers, which now happens to be in cloud who never bought servers from us ever before because they didn’t have exchange, they didn’t have link, they didn’t have any of the core capabilities of Office 365. So those are the two trends we're seeing.
Satya Nadella: Yeah so overall at the highest level, our strategy here is to make sure that the Microsoft Services i.e. cloud services be it Azure, Office 365, CRM Online or Enterprise Mobility suite are covering all the devices out there in the marketplace. So that, that way we maximize the opportunity we have for each of these subscription and capacity based services. So that’s the core rational for why we are doing cross platform. Now the next question is what’s the uniqueness of Windows? And the uniqueness of Windows comes because we don’t think of these services and their application end points as apps, but fundamentally core to the Windows experience. So we are building them natively into windows. So for example, when you log into Windows, you are logging in with Microsoft account or Azure ID. When you have files, they are synching with one drive. Outlook is the email client for Windows. So that’s how Windows will differentiate and not to mention, our Gaming and Xbox Live experiences. So overall, we will build a differentiated Windows because our application experiences for our cloud end points will be native in windows and at the same time, we will make sure that our services are available on all end points driving more usage, more subscription growth. So the best way to measure our progress is Office 365 subscription growth, Azure growth and EMS growth.
