Satya Nadella: Thank you, Keith, for the question. It was a record even for us, even with the context of Q4. So there's obviously something going on in the macro environment, which does feel that it does play to our strength. There are 2 things at least I've observed. One is the -- whether the bookings number or the Mac deals and the size of the Mac deals and the number of them, I think, speak to very much what we have been talking about for a long time now, which is as a percentage of GDP, IT spend is going to increase because every business is trying to fortify itself with digital tech to, in some sense, navigate this macro environment. So that, I think, is probably what is reflected in those numbers. And then the second aspect is also what you just referenced, which is, we do have every layer of the tech stack, right, whether it's infra, data, hybrid work, security, even Power Platform. In each one of these, we do have this best-of-suite value, which includes best-of-category products. And that is leading to share gains. So if you want to bet on a vendor on a long-term basis where you have that best-of-suite value and then you're able to sort of consume it on your terms, I think that, that's effectively what some of those numbers are indicative of.
Satya Nadella: Yes. Maybe I'll start, and Amy, feel free to add. I mean, overall, we're not immune to what's happening in the macro broadly, right? To Keith's question and your question, Mark, I think I'd say I'd start there because whether it's on the demand side with consumers or SMBs, I think Amy in her remarks talked about some of that even in our results in the quarter. But what's happening with -- in Azure though, is in some sense, businesses trying to deal with the overall macroeconomic situation and doing -- trying to make sure that they can do more with less. So for example, moving to the cloud is the best way to shape your spend with demand uncertainty, right? Because -- and in fact, if anything, one of the things that we're seeing is an increased shift towards the cloud. And then, of course, optimizing your bill. We are incenting even our own field to ensure that the bills for our customers come down. And that, in fact, even shows up in some of the volatility in our Azure numbers because that's one of the big benefits of the public cloud. And that's why I think coming out of this macroeconomic crisis, the public cloud will be even a bigger winner because it does act as that deflationary force. So that's sort of what we are seeing in the Azure numbers. We will be exposed to consumer-driven businesses and SMBs. But at some level, our strength as a company is much stronger in the core commercial. So I think that we'll do fine there. The other one is also people building new applications at a completely new frontier. I mean, there are two numbers that I talked about. One is the triple-digit growth in Cosmos DB and triple-digit growth in container app services. You take those two things and you say, what are people doing? People are writing applications at a completely different frontier of efficiency, which is cloud-native serverless container-based types of applications. And so to me, that's another way for you to make sure that your IT spend goes a long way in a time like this.
Satya Nadella: Yes. Maybe I'll just start and Amy, you can add. I mean, the 2 numbers that our usage -- our user growth numbers, right, the 14% growth in the number of seats of Microsoft 365 and then the E5 growth of 60%, I think, speak to, again, that best-of-suite value in the core and in E5. So we're very, very competitive on both of those. And that's what you're seeing in that seat growth.
Satya Nadella: Yes. I mean, I think that you captured it right. And it is also right that customers are using more reserved instances. And so that's like essentially a price discount, right? So that's the kind of optimization that you see. So we're growing -- that growth numbers we are posting in consumption is with all that optimization in place.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. As I said, it's trying to take into account the current macro environment. And as I said, I took what we saw in June, applied it as best we thought we could through the course of the fiscal year. And if you think about how the -- and if you try to look over the course of the year with some of my comments, you'd say, okay, in H1 versus H2, I would point out 3 things that changed a bit over the course of that time. First, of course, if we're talking about USD would be FX, it's a bigger headwind in H1, it's less of a headwind in H2. The second thing I would point to would be OpEx. As we've talked about in H1, we've obviously added 22% headcount this quarter. We still have 11,000 hires that we have starting in Q1. We've still got Nuance and Xandr in acquisitions, and we anniversary a lot of that as we focus our hiring and focus on the productivity of all of the hiring we've done over the past year. And then the OEM comparables obviously get a lot different when you get from H1 into H2. And so as you're trying to think about the shape and how did I consider it, I sort of took those things into account, thought about the trends we've been seeing in June and applied them as best we can.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. Maybe I'll start, and then, Satya, you obviously should add on to the commentary. I would point you, Karl, really to some of the things Satya mentioned, which is, and we said in our comments, we did see some deceleration, a point a little more than we had expected in the consumption side through the course of Q4. It really applied across all customer segments and, in general, applied across geographies. You saw customers, as Satya discussed, much like they always do, focus on optimization and continuing to think about which new workflows to prioritize and start. We've really taken that frame and applied it as we thought to H1 and specifically to Q1 in that guidance. It does assume continued consumption deceleration of 3 points quarter-to-quarter. I still feel very good about the patterns we're seeing. I feel good about the workloads that Satya mentioned and where we feel like we can take some share. But at the same time, we really are focused on taking the agreements that we signed in Q4, making sure we're working with the customers on deployment, projects that have quick time to value, investing to make sure they're starting the projects that can save them money, that can help them innovate. And I think that's probably our larger focus rather than just the pure consumption number.
Amy Hood: And I think where I would point to maybe, just to add a little bit. As you can see, I do think we've been building momentum really with E5. There's so much value and we've added and continue to add value to the E5 suite. And as that value has become more and more competitive, both at the category level and at the suite level, we are very focused on making sure customers get every bit of value in that SKU. So focus on deployment, increasing usage, moving resources there, some of our investment that we've spent over the past 6 months and looking forward for hiring will be in those areas to make sure we are helping customers get the most out of that SKU, the team and in Q4 and specifically in some of the bookings numbers, E5 was a strong point in terms of both renewals and people adding E5 to their existing contract.
Amy Hood: Thank you. Maybe let me start by talking about Q4's capital spend. Obviously, the big driver of our growth this quarter was in data center spend, both new and newbuilds as well as adding capacity to existing data centers. We are seeing, obviously, good demand signal. So hence, we've guided to another strong spending quarter in Q1 in terms of capital. Although it's a sequential decline, I would think about that more as being timing. It's always -- can move around a little bit just based on when builds are complete or when shipments come in. We do feel that we've gotten in a good place on capacity on a global basis and are focused on making sure our customers can drive the new units they need, the new usage they need in those data centers. I don't know, Satya, if you wanted to add on anything to that.
Amy Hood: That's a great question, Kirk. I did allude to it a couple of times when discussing Office EMS or the Azure per-user service as well as Windows commercial. And of course, that is because it's all related to selling Microsoft 365. And we did see, as I noted, some weakness in new deals, particularly in the SMB segment outside of E5. So to your point, think of them as SKUs are really intended, right, for that type of audience and customer base. And it came from a couple of things, Kirk, one of which we talked about before is that we are -- that is primarily sold through partner. And so we need to make sure we've got the best value props. We've got to make sure the price is right, offers right and make sure that we are tuning that value prop to what small business customers need today, which is great value, and so we'll keep executing that through partner. We're in the middle of that transition we talked about last quarter, and we're still working on it. The second thing is I would also say that is a spot where you tend to see macro weakness show itself, and we alluded to that as well in my comment because while I can't tell you, in particular, which part of that is some of the partner transition work we're doing versus macro, it certainly feels like both. And so that's certainly a spot that we're watching. I think your point around making sure we've got the right feed, which is absolutely do more with less and that we can help both modernize and get great value through the suites. But it's an important caveat to that. And you saw the way it shows itself, as you might notice is you saw the seat growth be a little lighter than you would have expected in the quarter. And then in Q1, that shows itself as a little bit of decel in that Office 365 growth number quarter-to-quarter.
Amy Hood: Maybe I'll start and let Satya add. When we talked about it, what we saw in June and through the quarter, and then as we're thinking about Q1 is we have seen that deceleration in consumption apply really across customer segments. And in general, it was across geos. I wouldn't point in particular to any specific geo as showing a very different pattern than any other geo. And certainly, we've not applied that logic as we to Q1. I do think it speaks to what Satya and I have said, which is we see customers continuing to optimize, whether that's -- whether it's through reserved instance, whether it's through existing workloads and purchase patterns. And I expect that to continue, which is absolutely what the guide implies. And it implies that these Azure commitments that we signed through the course of the year, because it takes time for it to convert those large contracts until actual consumption and new project growth, as that work gets completed both at the customer and with our help, you'll start to see new projects add as the plus to the optimization that occurs. So it doesn't really -- I would not point to it as being different that we have certainly seen to this point. It's just a consistent deceleration that we've talked about.
