Satya Nadella: Let me start, and Keith, thanks for the question. And Amy, you can add to it. A couple of things, Keith. One is, the approach we have always taken is that distributed computing will remain distributed. So, the cloud and the edge is what will be the distributed fabric for applications. So, if you look at where our growth is coming from for the all-up number Intelligent Cloud, it’s coming from the infrastructure layer, the flexibility that we have around hybrid deployment, things like Azure Arc are very differentiated. Same thing with data, that’s one of the big future innovations even in the last quarter was the ability to deploy, for example, Azure data in any cloud, including the edge, so that deployment drives application preference for our infrastructure. The two other things that are happening is developers, whether it’s lift shift, modernized motion or just new applications because of what they’re doing on GitHub or Azure DevOps or VS Code, choosing Azure services and with Power Platform, Dynamics or M 365 because a lot of these logic apps that people build are about stitching together extensions of workflows of multiple SaaS apps. So, we have all three of these trends leading to more intense usage of infrastructure data and the application PaaS services. And so, that’s how we view it. I don’t sort of look at each quarter what’s happening on server plus cloud. I look at the holistic deployment options that our customers need for their increasingly distributed applications. And so, that’s sort of what I see. And Amy, if you want to add to it, please go ahead.
Satya Nadella: Just one thing I’d add is, to Amy’s earlier comment about our customer success motion, when we look at the app portfolio for any customer, we look to see, first of all, which apps do they want to just retire, which apps do they want to modernize and move to the cloud or new cloud starts. And then, we use all of what is there on our stack to help them, right? So, it could be a Power App that gets built, which is more part of Office 365 or Microsoft 365. It could be a SaaS application that is in dynamics module that’s better for them because that’s a faster time to value. And then -- and sometimes you build in Azure. So, we look at it holistically across all of the tech stack versus any one thing because that’s what we think what differentiates Microsoft and creates preference for Microsoft long term. So, that’s how we approach it.
Satya Nadella: Sure. Thank you so much for the question. Yes. Teams is very exciting to us because unlike anything else that we have done at the application layer, it’s literally like a shell and has a platform effect because it is meetings, it’s chat, it’s collaboration as well as business process applications integrate into Teams. So, that scaffolding richness literally makes it a very robust platform. And so, we are seeing significant growth. You saw -- so, we talked about the usage growth, but we’re also seeing significant growth of usage across all these modalities inside of Teams. But, the other aspect which I referenced in my remarks is, when you look at Microsoft 365 all-up, Teams is bolstering all-up growth, right, because meetings are important but they’re transactional. Work happens before meetings, during meetings and after meetings. So, that ability to have the workflow completely stitched together is where Microsoft 365 really stands out. So, that reinforcing effect of Teams by itself and then Microsoft 365 in conjunction with Teams is where you’ll see a significant amount of usage growth, more so than individual tools of the past even.
Satya Nadella: So, maybe I can start, Amy, and then you can add to it. If anything, again, the last nine months or so have proven that when it comes to Windows and PCs, they become mission-critical because when it comes to remote learning, remote work and any type of activity and productivity, in particular, depends on having PCs and applications on PCs. So, we are doubling down on it. That means, the innovation in Windows, and Microsoft 365 is the best way to conceptualize how we even think about Windows because it’s one surface area where we want to deliver our best payloads for productivity, communications, collaboration, business process. And we’ll keep working even on the form function innovation as well. So, even if you look at the holiday lineup of devices, it’s great to see that, large screens, small screens, mobile, different chip architectures that make it pretty attractive to have a Windows device with you always. So, that’s how we look at it. It’s very important. I think, if anything, even mobile-only countries and mobile-only scenarios are recognizing that they also can do with some help with additional screens. And so, that’s something that we look forward to.
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and Amy, you can add to it. The way I think about the computing landscape going forward is if you sort of said at the highest of levels today as a percentage of GDP, tech spend is 5%. We think it will double in the next 10 years. And if anything, this pandemic perhaps has accelerated that doubling. And in that context, what’s the large -- the most secular need, it’s the need for distributed cloud infrastructure. It’s both needed for modernizing existing applications you have, and so that’s why -- by the way, 20% penetrated, so there’s more 80% that needs to move. But more importantly, there’s going to be new application starts which need infrastructure. And so, if you sort of add those up, I think that we’re still in early innings. There will be between quarters, volatility, all of the points that Amy made even earlier. But, we think distributed cloud infrastructure is the most important layer. But, the way we’ve approached it is not to just think of that layer in isolation but the data layer work we do composes, the AI layer composes and more importantly, our SaaS applications, whether business applications, Power Platform, Microsoft 365, all reinforce that same modern tech stack. So, I would still say that digitization in its -- this new tech stack is in its very infancy.
Satya Nadella: Yes. It’s a great observation because there are two sort of things that we are seeing is AI is actually being used by both professional developers, people who want these large-scale transformer models or to even do zero-shot learning, so we are seeing significant increases in card services usage across the board, which by the way, comes with the use of other compute services and data services in Azure. But, the other interesting thing is what I would call the domain experts who are using Power Apps, being able to tap into AI -- these card services to build these workflow assisted with AI. And that’s where a lot of productivity gains for a lot of businesses and business process workflows is happening. So, it’s exciting to see that as well as AI that’s incorporated. I mean, every Teams session is full of AI because of the transcription services, the speech recognition services and so on that it incorporates and same thing with Dynamics as well.
Amy Hood: Sure. And Keith, maybe I can help a little bit. In general, I think, it’s easier if you think about Azure plus the annuity business as being this durable hybrid edge cloud value that Satya is talking about, and we continue to see very strong and consistent performance across those things in terms of renewal rates, the strength of premium, the strength of hybrid value props. And so, that aspect, Keith, because of the reasons Satya mentioned, we don’t see nearly as much change in that. It’s frankly, why you see bookings numbers that are very good. It’s why we see RPO both less than 12 months. Think about that as our core annuity motion versus longer than 12 months, which are these Azure longer contracts, all having very healthy growth. So, then, what you’re left with is a small component of the business, which is that non-annuity/what we call transactional business, which is one-time purchases, all recognized in-quarter. And because of that, it does move around a lot more, and it helped obviously when we had end of support, we were transparent about that. And then, it hurts more both in this macro environment but more so just because of some tough comparables. And so, while we will continue to have that through a few quarters and we’ll expect it to bounce around a bit because of the nature of 100% in-quarter recognition, the fundamentals of bookings, renewals, premium, and hybrid value as well as Azure consumption feel far more consistent than not is how I would answer that.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Heather. If you take a step back, the comments are really about the consistency and the opportunity in front of us. And so, in our commercial segments, where we’re seeing consistent annuity execution, we’re seeing increasing usage, we’re seeing good deployment. And frankly, the portfolio that Satya went through in his comments, if you go section by section, it’s talking about amazing like TCO advantages that the portfolio offers even for our commercial customers who are looking for ways to accelerate but control costs. And so for us, when you see operating environments like that where you see the opportunity, you feel good about your portfolio, you can feel -- and we basically feel good about our complete stack but at a high value. What we want to make sure we do, and my comments were around those, are really about making it clear that we intend to continue to go after the opportunity we see. And so, of course, we’re always thoughtful about how we invest. But, in these areas where we see such strong signal, I do expect us to continue to focus. And at the operating margins, a real focus will also just be -- as we enter the second half of the year, it’s obviously impacted by some of the hardware investments that we’re making as well as the overall Windows numbers. So, that’s probably the best way to think about it, I suppose.
Amy Hood: Let me break down your question, Phil, because I want to make sure that the comment on 70% is really thought about in the right way. It’s 70% of the current installed base. And so, one of the key components of that is we have, as you said, continued to see installed base growth. And whether that’s adding first-line worker scenarios, whether it’s increasing in small business, there’s so many ways for us to continue to add tremendous value, continue to grow the installed base. But, we are pleased that we have 70% on more modern experiences obviously of Office 365 in terms of adding to productivity and being able to continue to offer, to your point, some of this motion on E3 and E5. To that question, there’s actually room, Phil, on both of those motions. We’ve got room to continue, to have people move to E3. We’ve got room to continue, obviously. And it’s not just voice, although that is an important component. The really exciting value in E5 is that it offers security value, it offers compliance value, it offers voice, there’s analytics value. And so, the reality is all of them are becoming more meaningful, especially in time to value and TCO. The one thing also that I sometimes think gets missed when we talk about Office 365 is one of the other key motions that’s important around this group and business is the ability for us to continue to add the Microsoft 365 components, whether that’s EMS or Windows security value. And so, while we’re excited about the installed base and the progress, it also creates a good opportunity for us to continue to move people to the Microsoft 365 SKU and not just through the SKUs of Office.
Amy Hood: Karl, it’s a good question. Maybe let me break down some of the components. When you think about Azure and some of these longer term sort of deals I was discussing, the longer term bigger deals, when I talk about them being more volatile, it’s just -- it’s more that we don’t really focus on the exact moment in time that they get done. They tend to be partnerships that we’re really working through. They take longer for planning. And so, these types of partnerships, it’s really about making sure we make them successful far more than which quarter that they arrive in. And so, that does just result in a little bit more volatility in that bookings number. Now, in -- so I would separate that from the question you’re asking, which I think is [Technical Difficulty] around how much of that creates [Technical Difficulty] exist today in our good annuity performance on-prem. So, for us, that is about investing in customer success. And so for us, that’s been one of the important investments we’ve made over the past couple of years and why we continue to invest in everything from skilling at our customers, up through training, up through deployment and really make sure that each project is successful and has good value. And so, when you think about that, think about the annuity on-prem business as well as these longer-term Azure contracts as being effectively a book of business to continue to work and convert into, as you’re talking about this consumption. Now within a quarter, the consumption obviously has other impacts. Most of it, obviously, is -- it’s used and it’s recognized in quarter. You’ll see that number, as you know, jump around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. Some of that is the per user that we’ve talked about. Things like EMS can have a little bit more in-quarter recognition. They can be impacted by an expiry base. And so, you’ll see that number -- the Azure KPI jump around a little bit more than just from consumption. And you can have things like overages land on an annual basis as opposed to maybe a monthly basis, and that can also make the number jump arounda little bit. So, while the funnel and the conversion absolutely how we think about seeing strong bookings and a strong, especially longer than 12-month RPO balance, we certainly also sort of work that meticulously at the customer level to get projects to success.
Amy Hood: And, I do think one of the ways to think, in particular, about commercial demand for Windows, to Satya’s point, is it -- while it can have and tends to have, around end of support, some raised demand on the front, then you have a year of tough comparables, as we say, then it tends to generally stabilize and be quite consistent. And I think, as we’ve seen in the past nine months, I think, the high and mission-critical value of a PC in the commercial environment, whether you’re doing that from a remote situation or inside the walls of an office, I think, we feel very good about the value that we’re offering.
Amy Hood: And Brent, I think the last point Satya made is maybe the most important is that when we think about and talk about expanding addressable markets or seeing more opportunity than we maybe even saw just a few quarters ago, it’s at every layer. When people say that they have constraints, when you need a better time to value, when you need to reinvent each and almost every business process in a fast and effective manner, having every layer of the stack enabled by the infra layer, the data layer and the AI layer, I do think it’s frankly early innings even in places where people think it seems to be nearer the end. And so, I think we feel a lot of optimism in that respect.
