Peter Klein: Thanks Bill. Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to be joining you for my first earnings call. I have met with many of you over the last two months and during my prior roles at Microsoft and I look forward to spending time with many more of you in the months ahead. Over the course of my career both inside and outside of Microsoft, in good economies and bad, I have learned that there are a few constants that persistently translate to success; working with great people and relentlessly focusing in creative value for customers, employees and shareholders. I am delighted to have the opportunity to do that in my new role, building on our current momentum and driving future growth. Now let me share some thoughts on our second quarter results. We reported record revenue and record profits. These results were driven in large part by strong consumer demand for Windows 7 and PCs. While consumer demand remains healthy, we have not seen a return of enterprise spending growth. Meanwhile our ongoing work in managing expenses and aligning our cost structure to the highest priorities has enabled us to drive earnings growth ahead of revenue growth. We also returned $4.8 billion of cash to investors through dividends and stock repurchases. As we have previously discussed, we are just starting our strongest product cycle ever. This quarter was highlighted by the successful launches of Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2 and Exchange 2010. We released Office 2010 to beta and introduced more Bing innovations this quarter. Bing has now gained market share each month since its launch. We also announced upcoming releases of two very important and compelling offerings that will drive growth into the future, Windows Azure and Natal. Azure is our cloud platform which is providing developers, partners and our customers a smooth transition to the cloud with tools and processes they already know. Natal, which is based on our natural user interface work, will energize this generation’s gaming and entertainment experience starting this coming holiday season. So in summary, I am very pleased with our progress this quarter. We have momentum with products and markets. We have an exciting pipeline of new products and we delivered strong financial results. I will now hand the call back to Bill to give you some additional details on the quarter and then come back and provide some thoughts on our outlook.
Peter Klein: Thanks, Bill. Now I will discuss our expectations for calendar 2010. From a macro perspective, IT spending should improve from the recessionary levels of 2009. Taking into account second quarter results, we are incrementally positive towards the PC and server hardware markets. As we have been saying, we expect the business hardware refresh cycle to begin this calendar year occurring gradually over a couple of years. When thinking about the remainder of fiscal 2010, keep in mind that our third quarter tends to be seasonally weaker than our second and fourth quarters. Now addressing each of the divisions individually. In the third quarter, we expect Windows Division revenues to be roughly in line with the overall PC market growth. Attach gains and inventory rebuild relative to the prior year should offset macro trends of consumer PCs growing faster than business PCs and emerging markets growing faster than mature markets. When thinking of sequential trends in the third quarter, keep in mind Q2 included a large retail launch impact. For the full year, we expect Windows Division revenue to grow in line with the overall PC market growth. The Microsoft Business Divisions revenue in the third quarter should largely demonstrate the same dynamics as in the first half. Consumer and business non-annuity revenue, approximately 40% of the total, will face ongoing pressure in advance of the next product cycle, and as such should lag overall PC shipments until Office 2010 becomes generally available in June. We expect annuity revenue, representing 60% of total revenue, to be broadly flat for the full year. The release of the Office 2010 beta this quarter was an important milestone. We have received terrific feedback from early adopters about the flexibility and powerful new ways to stay productive across the PC, browser and phone. As you think of the fourth quarter financial impact of the Office 2010 release, keep in mind the timing of the launch is late in the quarter and the financial impact should be seen starting in FY11. The server and tools business is most closely aligned to server hardware shipments and business IT spending. We expect server shipments to show year-over-year growth in Q3 and Q4 for the first time in several quarters. We expect non-annuity revenue which is approximately 30% of the total to move generally in line. Annuity revenue should grow mid single digits while services should be roughly flat for the year. For the Online Services Division, the outlook for online advertising appears to be improving. Excluding the impact of our legacy access business, we expect revenue to be roughly in line with the market for the third quarter and full year. In the Entertainment and Devices Division, revenue should directly track with the overall gaming market and we maintain our view that full-year revenue should be roughly flat. The past two quarters, we have made good progress containing our cost of goods sold, despite the upward pressure of increased traffic acquisition costs in our search business and growth of our online services. As a result of our operational initiatives, improved Xbox 360 console costs and an increasingly favorable revenue mix towards Windows, we now expect cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue to be roughly flat for this fiscal year. With regard to operating expenses, we remain focused on diligently managing our cost structure and aligning resources. For the full year, we reconfirm our guidance of $26.2 billion to $26.5 billion. This takes into account our second quarter performance, the impact of one-time costs, including the Yahoo! partnership integration expenses and higher revenue driven selling expenses. We also reconfirm that our capital spending for the year will be more no than $2 billion and our effective tax rate should be approximately 25%. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and will return capital to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases over the long run. In summary, we delivered very good financial results and are well positioned for future growth. We have great momentum in the market with Windows 7 and the upcoming launches of Office 2010 and Natal. Heading into 2010, we are encouraged by the possibility of improving market conditions converging with the strongest wave of products in our company’s history. Although the timing is uncertain, we are well positioned to capitalize on the business spending recovery when it occurs. With that, I will turn the call over to Bill and answer some of your questions.
Peter Klein: Obviously, the biggest driver of the ASPs will be the business PC refresh and the growth in that. The timing of that remains uncertain. We maintain our general view which we have had, that that will start to occur this year and occur gradually over the next couple of years. As that does, that obviously has an impact on our average selling price. What we saw this quarter on the consumer side was the great adoption of Home Premium as well as Windows 7 on netbooks which is driving that up sell that Bill talked about. Those two things combined will be the driver and it really depends on the macro.
Peter Klein: We think, as we said in the guidance, revenue is going to be in line with PCs. There are some headwinds from emerging markets and consumers. So we will have to offset that with the ASPs and attach.
Peter Klein: Obviously, it is too early to talk about FY11. We are working through that planning process right now and as soon as we get through that I will certainly get out and talk to everybody about that. Let me hit the operating costs. We are executing against our plan very effectively. I have been focused on even before taking this role working with Chris and the leadership team on that and feel great that we have a thoughtful plan that we have come up with and we are doing what we said and executing against that. A big part of that is prioritization and making sure the resources are allocated to the higher return areas. That will be the approach we take when we build our FY11 plan absolutely. So that approach stays the same.
Peter Klein: I think there are multiple dynamics on the COGS side. It is too early to get into that for FY11. There are puts and takes in online services, traffic acquisition costs, offset by improvements we make across the board, whether that is Xbox 360 consoles and some of our operations as well. So we have to get through the planning process on that.
Peter Klein: Yes, that is the hope. Certainly on the enterprise agreement renewals, it is starting to take longer. We are getting them done. The sales cycle is elongating. The good news is we are getting them done. Maybe not in the quarter that they expire, but when we get them done we are not dropping products off of them, and in most cases we are actually adding new products onto the EA. So we feel great about the trajectory there. I tend to agree with you as the enterprise spend does pick up given our product pipeline we feel very well positioned from an enterprise agreement perspective.
Peter Klein: Well, it is hard to say. A lot of that is going to depend on the shape of enterprise spend and business spend. Obviously, we are…
Peter Klein: The thing I can say is we have a great product pipeline. We don’t have visibility into exactly what business spend is going to be, so we are just going to have to work through that over the next couple of quarters. The only thing we can control as we have been saying is the products. We feel like we are executing against those and we will keep working the enterprise agreements as we can.
Peter Klein: I would just encourage anybody to think their view, there is different views of what enterprise spending is going to be. You will just have apply your view of that.
Peter Klein: Good question. On the consumer side, we had a very good retail quarter, about $500 million which is a little bit more than we expected. So that dynamic as you highlighted is exactly happening. People are going to retail and buying shrink wrapped Windows to put on their PCs. On the business side, anecdotally a lot of interest. Businesses are incredibly enthusiastic about deploying. So we will hope to see that flow through over the coming year. So in both cases, a lot of positive momentum as you indicated.
Peter Klein: Yes I would definitely say it has stabilized. The mix has stayed stable. Our attach is very high at over 90% and as Bill said over 50% of that is Windows 7. So what we are finding is people want Windows 7 on all devices and all form factors. That is really what has been driving the quarter and the success of Windows 7. We have worked closely with all of our OEM partners to deliver the broadest range of devices, PCs, notebooks, whatever you have, whether it is a netbook or a laptop or a notebook or a desktop, Windows 7 is on them. So that is very positive for us.
Peter Klein: They don’t change the strategy that we have in both of those businesses. You do need to separate mobile from the entertainment side or the Xbox side. The Xbox is in a very good position right now. We have a great installed base of engaged users. We have the Xbox Live asset. We have got Natal coming out. We are working through the profitability on the console costs. So a ton of momentum and a really exciting year coming up. On the mobile side our strategy remains the same. As we have been saying from a product perspective, we are working very hard on the next version of Windows Mobile. As Bill indicated, we will be talking more about that in Barcelona in a few weeks. I wouldn’t think of the organization changes as fundamentally changing the strategy. It just puts us in a better position to continue to execute against what we are doing.
Peter Klein: So the biggest ones are the ones I talked about. There are the Yahoo! integration expenses, which is a one-time, new expense that we didn’t have last year. And then given the increased revenues we will see over the recessionary levels that we saw last time, there are just some variable sales costs that go along with that. So those drive year-over-year increases and those are the two biggest things. Obviously, we have been aware of those, it has been included in our plan and our guidance that we have had for the last several quarters.
Peter Klein: Inventories are at about normal levels. So we feel pretty good and all the checks we have done on sell through, inventories are at a normal level. In terms of the comparison to Vista, it is a different world now. We have some headwinds that we may not have had then in terms of the segment mix that Bill talked about in terms of consumer and emerging markets, which is really some headwind. So if you break that out granularly and you look at the attach and inventory gains of 10%, half of that being attach, that is a good result. As I mentioned before, for us to continue to grow in line with the PC market, given those headwinds of the segment mix, we are going to have to continue to do better on attach and inventory and some of the XO [ph] as well.
Peter Klein: No updates. We are still waiting for regulatory approval and we are still hopeful we will close that deal early this year. It is a long-term process. We are continuing to gain share. What we really need to do is get the Yahoo! deal done, get that integrated and start to get the benefits of scale. So this is something you would expect to see in 2011 and beyond.
Peter Klein: It is hard to say exactly how it will play out. I will tell you the activity and the conversation, there is nothing about waiting for service packs. Everybody is really super excited about Windows 7 right now, and so there is a ton of activity. How that will play out in the deployment cycles remains to be seen and people are working through that. I would say there is way more business activity now than in previous launches.
Peter Klein: It was about 3.6. My philosophy over the long-term is going to be very consistent with what we have been doing. We had a target amount of appropriate cash we think we need to have and then the operating cash flow after capital and acquisitions will be over the long-term distributed back to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. So exactly same consistent philosophy we have had over the last several years.
Peter Klein: The puts and takes are you should think about sort of the whole generation of gaming. We have Natal coming out this year and so you should think of it beyond sort of the rest of this fiscal year. Then how we go up and down depends on the timing of software titles. We have industry leading attach but there is a big difference on timing when we have first party titles versus third party titles. So I would consider what we are doing, excellent growth, and then it sort of gets re-energized with Natal as we head to holiday next year.
