Satya Nadella: Sure, Keith. Thanks for the question. Overall, our approach has always been about this distributed computing fabric or thinking about hybrid as not as some transitory phase, but as a long-term vision for how computing will meet the real world needs. Because if you think about the long-term, compute will migrate to wherever data is getting generated, and increasingly there will be data generated in the real world, where just when you think about the cloud, you have to think about the edge of the cloud as a very first class construct. So, in that context, what we see is a couple of things that you see even in the results today. One is the hybrid benefits. That is increasingly what is getting customers excited about the Azure choice and the fact that they can renew, knowing that they have the flexibility of both the cloud and the edge. That’s definitely driving growth. Second is we’re also gaining share. When you think about what’s happening even with the edge, some of the -- our data center addition products are very competitive in the marketplace. And so, you see both of those effects. But architecturally, we feel well-placed. In fact at our Ignite Conference, you will see us even take the next leap forward even in terms of how we think about the architecture inclusive of the application models, programming models on what distributed computing looks like going forward. So, we feel well-positioned there.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Mark. It’s a great question, because we look at what’s happening with AI having 2 dimensions to it. One is, I would say just our own use of AI as first-party SaaS applications. There are some phenomenal breakthroughs when you see new transcription features or new computer vision features that come with HoloLens. All of these are being driven by new AI capabilities that are all by the way powered by the same cloud infrastructure. We all build everything at Microsoft with first party equals third party with Azure as the core platform. And so what you see us is in fact using our own SaaS applications and consumer innovation even to drive the high end AI capability, but then bringing the best-in-class tooling for enterprise customers. So, for example, like we have innovated even in, what does DevOps look like for the machine learning age? That’s a unique capability that’s there in Azure ML. And those are the types of innovations that are even driving the projects that our enterprise customers have on Azure. So, you will see us leverage our overall spend, whether it’s CapEx or OpEx across all of what Microsoft does and then surface them in I think what is perhaps the best way to get traction in the enterprise market, which is great tooling, compliance, security. And that’s a place where we’re making good progress.
Satya Nadella: And I think, that’s probably the unifying theme quite frankly of all the questions so far, which is what’s next. What’s next for us is in the apps and infra go from perhaps first innings to second innings; for data and AI to start the first innings. When it comes to security, compliance, we never participated in this. Guess what, we get to participate in a fairly competitive way now. We’ve built, something that didn’t even exist a few years ago, which is the workflow cloud. That’s a huge opportunity for us. Biz apps, we are a very competitive and growing footprint. Even when you think about something like Microsoft 365, we never participated, in spite of our past success with all the first-line work, and now we get to participate in it. So, I see long-term secular growth opportunities and we are going to stay focused on making sure our innovation is competitive in all those layers we talked about.
Satya Nadella: Sure. Phil, thanks. So, overall, I think, this is again one of those things where in the past we participated in the infrastructure business, but we had a fairly narrow footprint, which is we had our own infrastructure that supported primarily our databases and our operating systems. Whereas with the migration to the cloud, customers are looking for us to be a provider of all their infrastructure needs, which is heterogeneous. And that’s what has really led us at the infrastructure layer to have partnerships with VMware and Oracle. We, as you know, have first-class support for Windows and Linux, Java and .NET, Postgres and SQL, VMware, Red Hat as well as obviously Windows hypervisor. So, I feel that we now have that ability to be able to take the entire infrastructure estate, the entire data estate and really add value with these partnerships. And SAP represents the same because SAP has got both infrastructure, we now are the preferred cloud. So, I think, it’s a fairly no-brainer for any customer who is an SAP customer who wants to accelerate their migration to the cloud and innovation from SAP and us that they should move to Azure. And that’s what this announcement was all about. And so, we’re really looking forward to essentially executing on that strategy and that customer need that we see very clearly.
Satya Nadella: Yes. It’s a very deliberate strategy that we have. In meeting our customers’ needs, we need to have the partners they already work with and want to work with also on our platform. So, it starts sometimes with the customers, whether it’s Humana or Walgreens or Walmart and others. It also starts with partners like Nuance, which is another one that we announced recently. And so, the idea is for us to be really ensuring that by every industry we have the right marquee customers as well as the partners and have strong go to markets. One of the things that everyone I think in the marketplace understands is Microsoft for especially from a partner perspective is a great route to market. We have a platform directly with our sales force, as well as our channel, that is very attractive to third-party developers to get on Azure, and they realize those benefits. And in fact, our customers rely on that as also as a benefit because it helps them get the best value from their partners as well.
Amy Hood: And Keith, to your question on sort of durability, we tried to call out the four points that we felt transactionally was due to the end of support, and that’s 4 of the 12 in USD. And so -- but for us, if you step back for a second, the durable trends that Satya just talked about, which is making sure we license in a way that respects this long-term reality of where data and compute will be needed is what we call the hybrid value proposition, and the rights to that of course are inherent in how we report this number. And so, for us, what you’ll see is premium strength, which we saw this quarter in both SQL and Windows because of some of the value proposition of hybrid and of course broad strength as well, when people feel that flexibility to not be constrained by licensing in terms of how they view their estate.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Heather. Let me start by saying, in general, at the Commercial Cloud gross margin, what you’re seeing is revenue growth that for the past, almost two years has vastly been faster than our capital expenditure growth. So, if you start at the top of the frame, what we’re seeing is overall gross margin improvement across portfolio and improving -- and that comes from a couple of things, which is where you’re getting to on Azure. It comes from structural improvement on sort of cost per unit but it also comes from mix shift of revenue to premium services from being able to sell more SaaS-like services and consumption services or even premium data services that really do have both, more margin but also are quite consistent in terms of their growth, and you see then that represented as improving targets for us. But, I would say in general, Heather, what the team has done has actually delivered on what I think we felt was a five-year roadmap of improving gross margins on a material basis. Now, as you continue to see the mix shift to the consumption-based Azure services, the overall cloud gross margin will improve at the same rate, and we’ve said that and you’ll continue to see that on a go-forward basis as well. But, we do continue to expect Azure, especially on the consumption side gross margins to improve and they still have room to improve, especially as we start to see some of these premium services both being made available and being utilized at higher rates.
Amy Hood: Yes. I think, in general, Karl, a couple of things I would point to, or many of the things I talked about in the comments that we prepared. Overall, Q1 was a very strong start commercially from a bookings perspective with some very strong trends across the board. Whether it is in both the absolute size and number of the Azure commitments that we’re seeing, the consistency we’re seeing in the consumption growth rates of Azure, the commitments we’re seeing to Microsoft 365, some of the signs we’re seeing across our Dynamics, the Power Platform, the workflow cloud that Satya referred to and LinkedIn, it’s a good bookings quarter, a good execution quarter on overall contracting value. Renewals were good, recapture rates were good, and new business was good. So, with that confidence, some of those same trends that we had talked about, of course show up through the year. And we’ve tried to be consistent in that, while end of support will make for points here and there each quarter, the more sustainable trends are the fact that our Commercial Cloud overall offers significant value and differentiation to customers, and they are making longer term commitments, and we continue to grow ARPU. So, when I think about sort of some of the seasonality that you’re talking about, Q2, I thought we were -- I wanted to be clear that that’s really a gaming challenge in Q2. And you see that reflected in the margins in Q2 being significantly better than they were last Q2. And if you think about H2, I do expect Surface will have some easier comparables in H2 and a new portfolio to grow from. So, I think that’s another change you’ll see in trajectory in H2 as well.
Amy Hood: And so, for me Mark, it’s a little bit hard for me to say, gosh, we invest in AI here and you’ll see it specifically here. What I think, you heard through Satya’s commentary is actually AI woven through every layer and component of the entire tech stack, and how important that is, whether you’re participating at the Dynamics 365 layer with Insights or whether you’re using components, like some of our customers are maybe for a natural interaction work. And so, for me, it is almost fundamental to see that cost and investment, because you’ll see it in margin and usage, and frankly product differentiation that we can provide versus our competitors.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. What I would say is for us, it has been so important to remain focused on where growth and opportunity exist, and to invest in those areas that are large, expansive and durable TAM. And I think, when you think about where we spend our time both building products, investing in marketing, investing in sales capability and technical capability, it has been in many, if not all, of those places. So, when I look and say, where is our execution or how do I think about our ability to execute in a macro environment, for me, it is about investing in the right places, executing in a great way, remaining focused on the transition, our customers need us to help them through to create their own opportunity and their own growth. And I think, we’ve done a nice job of being invested in the right places. Satya mentioned a few of them on the call, but there are really many. If you think about security, compliance, communication, workflow, business process reinvention, the list can go on and on where I feel like we have set up a multiyear journey to be well-positioned. And I tend to think of every quarter, every year as an opportunity to continue to differentiate, invest in innovation, and execute well to take share. And so, that’s I think how I’ve approached that.
Amy Hood: And Phil, to your question on where would we see this. You’d actually see it in a couple of places, not just in Azure, which may in fact be the most logical extension. But, at the heart of this is making it easier, faster and more reliable for us to help customers move their estate to the cloud and to migrate that with confidence. And so, when we do that, it’s about becoming a committed partner. And you actually see that in broader Microsoft Cloud results whether that’s helping even through these partnerships to be able and get closer to Tier 1 workloads, business process changes. And so, I actually think these are quite important for us to continue to make sure the first goal is customer centric, which is why we continue to move in this direction.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Jen. Let me break this question apart, because you are actually asking important dynamics that I don’t always think of as trade-off. And so, I want to make that more clear in my answer. First, to your question on seat growth. We have room, even beyond just first-line workers, whether that is our ability in small and mid-sized businesses, on a global basis with mobile first workers, this is a very broad opportunity for us to reach people, trying to accomplish tasks and do their work on devices of any size. And so, there is significant room for us to continue to make progress on that front. Now, could that end up with some ARPU pressure long term? It certainly could. But, the important for me -- I don’t think of that as being necessarily a negative. We used to really make no money through the seats that we just talked about. And so, every dollar or multiple dollars or many dollars earned on those new seats is all new revenue, new opportunity and new socket for us. Let me separate that from the next dynamic, which is why sort of an average number may not be the best indication, which is our ability to continue to move people to higher value SKUs, whether that’s through the addition of really compelling things in security or compliance or communications or collaboration or knowledge or learning, where we can add value. Whether we call that E5 or E3, we have room in that transition as well and new opportunity in a way that I’m not sure I’ve seen that. I feel very optimistic about M 365 -- I’m sorry, Microsoft 365 and our ability to continue to add value. So, hopefully that helps, Jen.
