Satya Nadella: Thank you so much, Keith, for the question. So as you know, we started the OpenAI partnership now in 3 years, 3.5 years ago. And we’ve been actually working very hard on a lot of elements of this partnership over the last 3 years. And so I think the way for our investors to see this is we fundamentally believe that the next big platform wave, as I said, is going to be AI and we strongly also believe a lot of the enterprise value gets created by just being able to catch these waves and then have those waves impact every part of our tech stack and also create new solutions and new opportunities. So whenever we think about platform opportunities and platform shift opportunities, that’s how we come at it. How can we essentially ride the wave for everything that we have today and make it more expansive and then what new can be created. So, if you take that lens, the core of Azure or what is considered cloud computing fundamentally changes in its nature and how compute storage and network come together. That’s, in some sense, under the radar, if you will, for the last 3.5 years, 4 years, we have been working very, very hard to build both the training supercomputers and now, of course, the inference infrastructure because once you use AI inside of your applications, it goes from just being training-heavy to inference. So, that’s sort of, I think core Azure itself is being transformed for the core infrastructure business, it’s being transformed. And so you can see us with data beyond Azure OpenAI services even, think about what Synapse plus OpenAI APIs can do. We already have in Power Platform incorporated capability. You could prompt - I mean one of the reasons why we are the leaders in robotic process automation and workflow automation today is because of some of the AI capabilities that we have in there. GitHub Copilot is in fact, you would say, the most at-scale LLM based product out there in the marketplace today. And so, we fully expect us to sort of incorporate AI in every layer of the stack, whether it’s in productivity, whether it’s in our consumer services. And so we are excited about it. But I think that we are also excited about OpenAI zone innovation, right. So, they commercialize their products. We are excited about the Chat GPT being built on Azure and having the traction it has. So, we look to both, there is an investment part to it and there is a commercial partnership. But fundamentally, it’s going to be something that’s going to drive, I think innovation and competitive differentiation in every one of the Microsoft solutions by leading in AI.
Satya Nadella: Thank you, Brent. And first of all, I was making a comment which was sort of a global comment, not just a specific U.S. comment. I mean there is only – I always sort of subscribe to that there is only one law of gravity that I think all of us are subject to, which is inflation-adjusted economic growth in the world. And then how many times that do we grow, because as I have said in my comments, Brent, I fundamentally believe tech as a percentage of GDP is going to be much higher and on a secular basis. So, the question is how many times is it given the overall inflation-adjusted economic growth. So, that’s kind of how I look at it. Given that, I think the two things that we see, we commented on that even in the last quarter, and it’s even in the outlook, which is the thing that customers are doing is what they accelerated during the pandemic. They are making sure that they are getting most value out of it or optimizing it and then also being a bit more cautious on given the macroeconomic headwinds out there in the market. So, given those two things, the point is at some point, the optimizations will end. In fact, the money that they save in any optimization of any workload is what [Indiscernible] into workloads. And those workloads will start ramping up. And so one of the key things we are watching for, Brent, is to make sure that we are gaining share in this space through our value propositions, so and even build loyalty with our customers so that long-term, we are well positioned for share gains. So, that’s sort of fundamentally how we view it.  And then the other aspect I would also say is simultaneously investing in this new AI trend, because I don’t think any application start that happens next is going to look like the application starts of 2019 or 2020. They are all going to have considerations around how is my AI inference performance, cost, model is going to look like, and that’s where we are well positioned again. So, that’s how I view it. The market, you all are better readers of, quite frankly, what’s happening out there. We can tell you what we see. What we see is optimization and some cautious approach to new workloads and that will cycle through, but we do fundamentally believe on a long-term basis, as a percentage of GDP, tech spend is going to go up.
Satya Nadella: I would say two things, and then Amy, please feel free to add. One is, it absolutely is, starts with workloads that they have at scale just because of the visibility one has on what’s driving essentially the consumption meters. And there is real guidance that we ourselves [Indiscernible] the product to say, here are the things that you could do optimize your billing. And so – so, that’s sort of what is the fundamental thing, when we say do more with less and how can we help, that’s sort of the first place customers go to.  And then the next piece, really, I think is going to be about how they take the optimization that they get and the savings they get along workload and what new project starts. And that’s where I think there is a reprioritization, when should we start the new project. And those are the two things that are happening simultaneously. They don’t perfectly match, but one of the things is they are looking to back some savings on some workloads and then start. So, that’s where I think a little bit of what has to happen is the cycle time where the optimization cycle finishes, the projects start and then the projects ramp. And I think that, that’s what at least on the cloud consumption side you are seeing. And on the per user side, it’s slightly different, which is in per user also, there was real acceleration when it comes to purchases of per user licenses, whether it is for knowledge workers or frontline workers. And again, they are all now making sure that they are all getting used and the usage is going up. Like when we look at our Office 365 usage, all those numbers are pretty up year-over-year in a substantial way. Like I gave you some of the Teams numbers, in fact, one of the things was what will happen to the Teams usage after the pandemic, guess what, they’re up. And so those are the good news. And now once we cycle through that again, the seats will get added and premium, like I am very, very excited about Teams Pro coming out in a couple of weeks. And those are all the things that people will be able to sort of use to ensure that the ARPUs are also going up with value.
Satya Nadella: I mean I think that you can – you have a workload, you optimize the workload and you start a new workload. So, the thing that I would say is when you are done with optimizing a workload is when you are done with the cycle. So, I think if you sort of say, when did we enter this, we accelerated existing [ph] workloads during the pandemic over a period of 2 years. So, we are optimizing. I don’t think we are going to take 2 years to optimize, but we are going to take this year to optimize. And then as we optimize the new projects start and the new project starts don’t start instantly at their peak usage. They start and then they scale. And so those are the two cycles that will happen where there will be a time lag.
Satya Nadella: And we are also investing in outside of Microsoft 365 in other per user workloads. We were being a new suite, Power Platform on its own and even standalone offers like even Teams Pro and what have you. So, there is a significant amount of work we want to do besides sort of the suites that we all sort of have at scale.
Satya Nadella: And on the second piece, I think it’s too early to sort of start somehow separating out AI from the rest of the workload. I mean even the workloads themselves, AI is just going to be a core part of a workload in Azure versus just AI alone. So, in other words, if you have an application that’s using a bunch of inference, let’s say, it’s also going to have a bunch of storage and it’s going to have a bunch of other compute beyond GPU inferencing, if you will. So, I think over time, obviously, I think every app is going to be an AI app. That’s I think the best way to think about this transformation. On your characterization of the large customers, whether there is any changes in their trajectory, I would say I would point back to, I think some of the commentary around every large customer is looking to optimize the workloads that they have at scale today and plowed some of that money back that they save into new project stock. So, that’s sort of what the classic pattern of large customers is. Sometimes you have ISVs who are different, right. So, if an ISV is optimizing, they are optimizing and say, what is the [Technical Difficulty]
Amy Hood: And Mark, because I do think it’s actually quite hard to separate from a driver perspective how much is optimization versus macro. It’s all related when you start to say what’s the best ROI I can get on every budget dollar I spend in our job as a partner to so many of these customers is to help them do that. So, Satya has talked a bit about Azure. Let me talk a little bit about the per user where the way it showed itself is we had very high renewal rates and very good suite performance at renewal, meaning what we tend to call internally recapture. While we had some more challenges on maybe a standalone sale of a new product where the cycle is going to be a little longer, right, and you are going to have to show that cost savings. But the suite sale, the value in that showed itself in terms of strong E5. You can see the ARPU growth and you can see the consistency potentially in both renewal rate and in, frankly, the Microsoft 365 performance.
Amy Hood: It’s all – Karl, let me just – the first half of your question, give me a second. On the second half of your question, which is the guide of the exit rate – it’s off the exit rate on Azure of four points to five points, just to make sure that is clear. In terms of thinking about total year revenue, right, I did not comment on full year revenue as we continue, I think really just to watch the Windows PC market as it returns to pre-pandemic levels. Outside of that, as you can see, the trends are relatively consistent. So, in some points, it’s important because if you look at the operating income margin guidance that I talked about, the fact that we are guiding to really only one point of margin deceleration for the year on a constant currency basis with probably over $2 billion of headwind from the OEM business from what we had anticipated heading into the year, the focus on margins, the focus on prioritization, the focus on putting our investments into where we know they have high return, I actually feel quite good about the place that puts us in as we exit the year in terms of – and the right energy, right, or leaving the year in Q4 on leverage.
Amy Hood: Brad, listen, thanks for that question. Obviously, as we think about the Q4 guidance around low-single digit operating expense growth, we start to, as you know, sort of lap certain real acceleration points that we had last year. And we lapped the acquisitions both of Nuance and of Xandr. So, by the time that we get to the end of Q4, you will see very moderated headcount growth on a year-over-year basis in addition to some of the prioritization decisions we have made. And you are right. We take decisions like the one we had to make to get our cost structure more in line with revenue just incredibly seriously because we have lots of very talented people who were impacted by that. And so I do think that we feel confident in that exit rate. And as I have said, it will certainly imply that year-over-year growth as we lap some of the investments that we have made will be quite small.
Amy Hood: Yes. That’s a good question, especially because this quarter you started to see a little bit more of that ARPU influence. And as you might have gathered from your question and I will just reinforce it, as we see some of this moderating seat growth, whether that’s some of the new SKU weakness that we had talked about, some of the standalone stuff, you are starting to also see E5 ARPU happen at the same time. So, it does create some stability in that Office 365 Commercial revenue number. So, we are seeing still good seat growth, still growth across all workloads. And as you are pointing out, we are getting further into the E5 health, where we have seen, I want to say, four or four really good quarters of E5 adoption. The value there is just very high for customers in this environment between analytics, security, and I think we have given some, I think good security data points in terms of adoption. And voice, this is a place where customers can save money by moving to this suite. And I do think you are starting to see some of that ARPU help.
