Amy Hood: Great, Heather. Let me try to take both of those questions. On your commercial bookings growth question, I find it easier to think about commercial bookings before I answer the larger question about one-time in two ways. The first is the expiration base absolutely does matter and that's how we talked about it, and we had a actually very good quarter here in terms of renewals and what I think of as revenue we capture. We’re able to grow the revenue in existing contracts, and so that absolutely contributed and has contributed over the past couple of years to what I do believe has been reasonably consistent, commercial bookings strength versus the expiration base.  The second component is what I would put in a bucket of new business. Whether that new business comes as what you saw this quarter are two ways. There was some on-prem strength this quarter, it does show-up in bookings, it doesn’t show up in unearned and it does show up in the P&L, we had a good quarter there. And we did have some large Azure contracts which tend to be longer dated and tend to have low billings upfront. That means it shows up in bookings and again not in the unearned balance in the same way, and so you will see as we go forward and you are already starting to see it more volatility in this number, not just based on the way we’ve traditionally talked about it which is the movement of the expiration base but also in some of these larger and longer term commitments by what we now think of not just as customers but these are really now partnership relationships that we have where to your point we're co-collaborating to help customers be successful as they build their digital future. And so you will see a little bit of volatility in this number as those contracts and the type of contracts start to land.  On your second question of Azure GM we have continued to see strong improvement in the core gross margin as Azure team has done a nice job on a number of fronts, continue to make progress on both software innovation but also importantly hardware innovation and working with our supply-chain to continue to have and see benefits on that side, and also is increasing use of premium services also contributed to Azure gross margin improvement.  So while we remain focused on efficiency and the utilization of the hardware and software is also important to continue to see premium upsell, premium workload usage, so the customers are getting the most out of their deployments and usage of the Azure platform.  In general it hasn’t changed a ton in terms of that final component about fixed versus I think variable base, it's still been in the I think low [40%] [ph] as a range for us in terms of what depreciation versus what's more variable.
Amy Hood: And on your operating margin question Keith, there's a couple of things I would say that. In this quarter in particular, the places where we had a lot of outperformance were especially high margin areas, and I would point out three. The first is obviously the OEM and chip supply. The improvement in that in Q3 is obviously very high margin and also the bottom.  Japan as a geography for us is a high transactional market. And so when Japan is strong, it tends to be a very high margin landing down to the bottom line. And the other one is the on-premises server number which is very good in terms of hybrid demand this quarter also with high margin. So when that happens, you do see because it's a lot of -- almost 100% in quarter recognition, a lot of help at the operating margin line.  Now, the more sustainable conversation I think we continue to have on operating margin is our ability to pick the right secular markets in the right secular trends, you see significant revenue growth. We continue to focus on improving the gross margin of each individual product area, which creates leverage over time. And finally, focused investment and operating expense and that obviously creates leverage. And I think you do see that in general through the year as we continue to keep that formula.
Amy Hood: And then let me talk a little bit about the question from server products and services and how to think about the hybrid use benefits. In general today Mark almost all of that benefit shows up in what I would say as the on-premise KPI, and so over time though how you should think about that it will eventually show up in Azure consumed revenue growth, this is a benefit that’s fundamentally about high value and flexibility and meeting customers where they are so that they can make a determination of when to make that choice. And so it tends to be like it's focusing people back on the all up KPI because it's a best representation of where customer commitment and usage of our architected from the beginning hybrid cloud. But to your specific questions it shows up today in the on-prem number is where you can see most of the strength of that value and over time as it gets used and consumed it will show lot more in the Azure ACR number.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. When I think about the on-prem number I really divide it into things that have durable value and things I think of as more one-time. When I think about the durable trends that I expect to see it's been the hybrid value prop that we really just talked about on Mark’s last question. And then the premium mix. Those two we have seen and continue to see. I do think we saw some benefit of end of support, but I would not say it was the primary benefit this quarter. The primary benefit was the two things I just talked about. End of support obviously we've got SQL in July and then Windows in January. And so I do think we saw some impact, particularly in SQL and I do expect to see some of that in Q4. But the Q4 comparable for on-prem is very big. And so even with some of that benefit of the durable trends, plus I think a more temporal one of end of support, I do expect to see a deceleration in that number in Q4. 
Amy Hood: And Jen maybe a little to your question, which is fundamentally about seat growth and ARPU as the drivers of that all up Office 365 Commercial growth number. This quarter and a little bit last I actually think some of the ARPU increase has been masked by some of the trends in seat growth. What I mean that is that 27% seat growth is starting to include some lower ARPU seats that Satya just mentioned whether that's in academic, in edu, in front-line workers and that's really important for us to keep having that seat growth even if it’s not at the same ARPU level those are not seats that we ever could reach before at any level and that's absolutely new opportunity for us. But it does tend to mask a little some of the ARPU improvement that we've seen, it's still E3 and E5, there’s opportunity on both, although we are starting to see the impact of E5 in net ARPU number. 
Amy Hood: And the way that would show up Mark is a little bit I think where you were leading with the question you asked which is when we think about the Microsoft commercial cloud at $9.6 billion and growing over 40% how do you see that evolving and really the question is we have quite a bit of per seat or per user type businesses but what Satya just talked about is really about the Azure concept or participating both in an expand scenario total addressable market which I think people have talked about for a long time but what was different about what Satya just said is our ability to frankly to have higher share in the next era than we had in the last era. And so if you look at then our ability to grow in the Azure would be larger or over any period of time then ARPU seat or per user businesses it certainly could be but I don’t want that to really diminish the fact that there is a lot of room for us and our per seat businesses particularly across LinkedIn, the Power platform work we're doing. Satya mentioned security, identity, compliance, there is a lot of room for us to continue to add value and growth in that area as well.
Amy Hood: And to your overall commercial progress margin question. You're right, the fundamental driver is when I look forward into next year, I expect each service just like it did this year to really see gross margin improvement, whether that service is LinkedIn or Dynamics or Office 365, Azure per user or Azure IaaS in PaaS, but what you'll see is a revenue mix shift, right, that will offset that to Azure IaaS and PaaS. And so what that generally will do, will be a headwind to continued gross amount of the improvement even though you'll see individual improvement across all the GM services, and you'll continue to see Azure increase as a percentage of the total revenue. 
Amy Hood: And on the contextualizing opportunity, the reason I said it's not the primary driver is because of that vast, vast majority of our server business is annuity based. And so when it's annuity based there is really no opportunity to see it as upside in Q4 from an end of support frame. For the smaller portion of our business it’s still non-annuity per transactional, it does provide as I talked about earlier some opportunity but it’s not that large just because the nature of the commitment our customers now is far more of the annuity type. 
Amy Hood: Thanks, Raimo. I think we actually in Q3 as I said met sort of the unfulfilled Q2 demand and Q3, so I don't think of it as a pent up situation heading into Q4 and our guide certainly does not indicate that, that is what we believe will happen. And what I would say is I think there we feel good about the supply in the Commercial segment and the Premium Consumer segment, which is where the vast majority of our revenue is in OEM. And so I think in those segments, we feel fine for Q4.
Satya Nadella: Yes, thanks Keith for the question. So let me start. I think overall, what we're seeing is continued momentum, if you think about even our overall approach has been to have a view of an architecture that is grounded in our customers’ needs. So we always believe that in distributed computing, you need a cloud and an edge. You need hybrid and guess what, today in 2019, hybrid has become much more main stream. But we were talking about this even five years ago. They also sort of said things that will matter in this transition to the cloud will be consistency and productivity. So for example, whether it's developer productivity or IT productivity, it’s not any one dimension, you need to bring IT and developers together to drive agility in an organization and their digital capability building. This is again, a place where we've had traditional strength. And that's showing up in the marketplace.  And also if you look at our cloud stack, we have application and infrastructure, data and AI, productivity and collaboration, as well as business applications. That's pretty unique again. So that's, I think, what is showing up at scale as competitive differentiation and that's what you see in our numbers. But the most importantly, I think you see it in the customer momentum and what I believe is what is customer success. Digital technology today is not about tech companies doing innovation. It is about the rest of the world doing innovation with technology and Microsoft is uniquely in position to enable that. 
Satya Nadella: Yes, maybe I can start on the second part and then leads to the first question. I would say Mark the main thing that this offering enables is the flexibility with which customers can adopt hybrid computing. And as I've always said that there is -- hybrid computing is important for workloads that are more in the characteristic -- can be characterized as lift, shift and modernize, so that's one motion. And then there is a new load hybrid as well which is people are building in fact they're doing AI training job in the cloud but want to deploy the model close to the edge. And in both of the cases, hybrid benefits actually help with -- our business model is basically differentiated in supporting the architectural need and the flexibility needs. The one additional thing I’d mention, which is increasingly becoming clearer to us is operational sovereignty will become important, the world and its distributed computing needs is not going to become some margin as set of requirements but it's going to be very heterogeneous, very in many cases regulated and so what we provide in terms of both the technology and the business model I think shows up with the maximum flexibility. 
Satya Nadella: Sure. In terms of overall reach of Office 365, we continue to see significant opportunity going forward on multiple dimensions. So for example, we never participated as much in I'd call it non-developed markets, medium and small businesses with all of the sophisticated workloads. So, now that with a SaaS approach, you can reach a much broader base of business customers all over the world, is one opportunity.  The second opportunity is, if you look at Teams, as an example, we are now reaching a lot of first-line workers. So this is whether it's in healthcare, whether it's in manufacturing, whether it's in retail, just not knowledge workers, but where you now have messaging solutions, as well as business process workflows integrated. So it's that combination of things going from knowledge workers to first-line going and the ability to reach all sizes of businesses is what's going to continue to help us I think have overall seat growth or socket growth. And then of course, there is the other dimension, which is the levels of Office 365 all the way to E5 with significant value.  And the one thing I’d mention is the having compliance security that spans all of these tools, is also proving out to be a very big architectural advantage in a customer value proposition because I think, our customers look to use more SaaS applications, they don't want an exponential increase in their security exposure or more compliance burden. And so therefore, Office 365’s approach resonates even there. 
Satya Nadella: Sure, I'll start Mark and having grown up essentially in our infrastructure business at Microsoft, I would say that compared to even the previous eras where we did well in the client server era, in face of tough competition and in this era again in the face of a different set of competitors, we are doing well and we are doing well much better than we did in the previous era because we are seeing these tier 1 workloads which we never saw in the past. If you think about it in the client server era we never participated in the core of the digital infrastructure or financial services or in healthcare or in retail or in manufacturing and absolutely when we think about the digital transformational and design wins, deployment, consumption, it's kind of like what we would have done with some ISVs of the past, how we worked perhaps with SAP in the 90s when we were coming out with SQL server and they were coming out with R3 is what we are now doing with many, many, many businesses as they build out their digital businesses. So that' sort of perhaps characterizes for you what's new in terms of Microsoft’s own growth in this space. 
Satya Nadella: Sure. I mean, on the first question Ross as far as our premium services, just even on the application infrastructure side, for example, in compute, there is increasing need for things like IoT services. Essentially, there is a new business application like set of services that are getting developed to help people manage their complex IoT application development. IoT Central is a good example of that when you have many, many connected devices, you need a control plane for many of those devices, so that you contain the complexity of your app deployment, security management. That's one example. The other one is of course data. And the sophistication of the data aid is growing exponentially, both in terms of the needs of the databases required, the processing that is required close to data. So that's another place where something like Cosmos DB which is very unique in capability in the marketplace is definitely another service that's got real traction. Even data warehousing, the scale at which this is another market which we never participated in, in the past, whereas now we are one of the most competitive products when it comes to benchmarking around data warehousing. So those are all things that I would say are premium services that just talking about new applications being built on Azure, not counting all of the SaaS applications about that. 
Satya Nadella: Yes, a couple things Brad. One is, overall the need to get on the latest and greatest database technology just because of what is the increasing need for compute and data at the edge is what's driving a lot of the conversations on SQL Server. Interesting enough, we have a lot of requirements around edge devices even, so that you can have databases with compute so that you can really have what is needed at the edge, that’s sort of one conversation. The other one is in terms of the cloud migration there is a variety of different used cases, we see people are using SQL DB, which is essentially PaaS service but it's a complete compatibility of SQL Server, they want to managed services around SQL Server which we have. And so both of those are all happening in parallel. A good example of this is in fact even the rewrite of complete revamp I would say of Dynamics. Dynamics 365 and its architecture at least in my eyes is a thing of beauty because it's completely been rewritten for the new database technology, whether it is on the data base side or on the data warehouse side, again uses a whole bunch of micro services and functions so that you can do AI close to data. That type of architectural approach is what we see is possible now for every SaaS application vendor out there as well. Because you think about the number of SaaS -- the number of business applications that were built on SQL Server I feel that that's an architecture that can support both what they want to do on the edge, but as well as on the cloud. 
