Satya Nadella: Thank you, Keith, for the question. The thing that at least we have learned, I would say in the last five months is that digital technology is no longer viewed as just new project start, but it's becoming perhaps the most key for business resilience, business continuity, obviously is a board level discussion everywhere. But I don't think digital tech as sort of being key to business resilience was the number one priority, whereas now it is. So, I think that's I think -- when I think about digital transformation now, I’d break it into two things. I think about resilience and all sort of what Microsoft can do to help any business be more resilient, whether it's remote everything, whether it's about their ability to simulate anything, automate everything. Those are the things that I think are going to increase. Then of course, there is how do you readjust to what is going to be an increased e-commerce, contactless reimagined world, reconfigured supply chain. So, both of those are secular tailwinds. But no one can take away from sort of the fact that GDP is going to be negative. So, that's why I think you're going to see lots of ins and outs, but digital technology, by -- and digital transformation itself is going to be pretty key. And therefore, we are very-focused on sharpening the value proposition of every part of the stack I described and making sure we are there for our customers as they navigate these tough times.
Satya Nadella: Amy, maybe I'll start and then you can add. I mean, the way at least we think about the core, Heather, as far as how we are architecting, what we're doing here, and that's one of the reasons why even I structured my remarks the way I structured them, which is each of these layers is being built, obviously to reinforce the other layer, but each layer is independent, and we recognize that enterprises are very heterogeneous. They're going to choose multiple layers from multiple vendors, and interoperability will be key. But we have a very differentiated value proposition. I mean, even in this quarter, if you think about the number of customers who started with Teams, built a Power application, in fact had Azure, GitHub, Power DevOps on top of that code base, and then used Azure Synapse, all in one solution. So, you can see that power of our stack. So, each layer is architected such that it reinforces the other and we see increasing adoption including, all of these layers. But, I think in the numbers, when we talk about each of the numbers and the growth rates for each of the numbers, that in some sense showcases that. But maybe Amy you want to add more to that.
Satya Nadella: And broadly, we will be very much optimizing for helping our customers through this period and our own share.
Satya Nadella: Overall, as I said, even in industries that have been impacted, say, economically, one of the things is -- getting to the new efficient frontier of cloud economics is one wing for them to in fact, do better as they get into recovery. So, one of the things that we’re seeing fact, is some acceleration even or getting rid of the old and getting to the efficient frontier, so that then they can recover faster. That doesn't mean that some places where there is absolute real shutdown of economic activity, there isn’t a slowdown. But where people are looking to, say, using even that as an opportunity, come out stronger, we do see that. For sure, pay-as-you-go on Azure is going to be increased and is increasing. And we are fundamentally focused on wherever people want to have these long-term commitments, as well as pay-as-you-go customers. So, we don't in some sense discriminate between the two. What we want to be able to stay focused on is quarter-over-quarter consumption growth by adding value to customers’ digital transformation projects.
Satya Nadella: I'll start and Amy you can add to this. The way I'd say, Brent, is that our focus, especially given that -- what is it, GDP is negative 10 in the world, and you pick your timeframe. Right now, what I would like us to focus on in the interest of our long-term investors is to say how can we build this modern tech stack, so that it can really capture both, help customers transform be resilient and help us get into new categories and build a strong position in those categories. So, my own approach to this would be not to worry as much about short-term, whether it's a growth number, because when you're growing compared to where GDP is healthily, and competitively the growth number is high. I'm not trying to match some artificial double-digit growth number. And nor are we trying to sort of think about a margin target because in some sense, we're -- the world needs to do well for us to do well in the long run. And I think the world will come out of this, and we will be stronger if we invest during this phase.
Amy Hood: And Keith, maybe just to add to that a little bit. And I think you saw that in our bookings growth for the quarter. And increasingly, I think people will start to focus as well on the remaining performance obligations. And you're starting to see this commitment both, in the next 12 months and then in the 12 months past that. And so, we are obviously -- you'll see some volatility in that from the longer term larger contracts we have talked about. But, we did in Q4 have more of that closed than we anticipated.
Amy Hood: Yes. I think the other way to think about it, Heather, and we do I know talk about it a little bit every quarter. There are two main motions that we focus a lot on here. Number one, are we adding new customers; and number two, are we adding workloads within customers? And I think you'll increasingly hear us talk about the number of customers who are purchasing multiple components of the cloud, whether that's Microsoft 365, Azure and the Power platform Satya just talked about, developer SaaS, or GitHub, and then numerous cloud opportunities within Dynamics 365. So, I think the way I tend to think about it is, is revenue per customer going up? Yes. And are we adding new customers? Yes. And do we feel we still have room to add additional clouds? I think that'll be sort of the language you'll hear us talk through this year.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Mark. We did have, as you saw -- and we have had very consistent performance in our cash flow from operations. And I think a lot of that, as you've noted, has to do with where that strength is coming from, which is overall it’s cloud billing, it’s usage, it’s consumption-based growth. And we do have, as you noted, a lot exposure to enterprise that has tended to perform quite well. And we did extend, and I mentioned it in our call and our prepared remarks, a lot of financing options to customers as well. So, I feel like we are taking an appropriately balanced approach here and really focusing more on customer enablement. And so, we could see some impacts, but I think the broad portfolio mark and broad geographic exposure probably has benefited us on CFO.
Amy Hood: No. I actually think the other component, Satya, that I would mention is really the transition we've seen from just Office 365 E5 to Microsoft 365 E5 with the entirety of the value proposition. And this I think has been a pivotal year. And again in Q4, we saw even more transition in the SKU mix to the Microsoft 365 SKU than just simply the Office SKU.
Amy Hood: And I would add, maybe Gregg, a little context. We have been seeing a transition to pay-as-you-go probably for the majority of this year, as opposed to saying it has more recently just emerged as a trend. So, I wanted to make sure to decouple those a teeny bit. And I think in general for us, this quarter, the consumption patterns were very, very similar actually to what we expected, to Satya’s note, with the pressure to I think move to this new frontier, being really at the forefront of people's minds, far more so than maybe a discussion on per user impact.
Amy Hood: And I just want to reiterate how important that is. The opportunity that Satya really outlined in his remarks is I do believe, fundamental. And so, you see us continuing to invest. You'll see it in capital expenditure based on demand, you'll see it in the operating expense line. And a lot of the margin movement you're going to see is going to be actually far more sales mix than it is to think about it as margins going down in a particular product. So, for me, it's really about in every product, are we investing with a strong position, with a clear view of the future in a way that we can be a more important part of every customer's budget. And so, I think we feel very good about the products we've got, the lineup we've got and the execution engine we've got. And so, I think we're far more focused in that way than maybe on our short term number goal.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brad. As you saw, we made great progress this quarter catching up from supply chain challenges that I think we entered the quarter with. And as you can imagine, with the Teams surge and usage, along with other workloads surges, we look forward to continuing to be able to adapt to meet that demand ahead of the curve in addition to what Satya mentioned, which is continuing to enter new regions where we see opportunities. So for me, the way to think about it is you see the cloud revenue growth continuing, you see strong consumption and usage growth, and you should expect cloud CapEx to follow in pretty short order. The lead times there have gotten tighter over time. And so, you can generally think they'll be more correlated, but obviously there's some demand planning that we like to give ourselves ample room.
Amy Hood: Maybe just a few things, which is when I think about gaming and where we are at this point, the reason it's so exciting I think this quarter reinforces that we have such platform strength built on the view, the support we have of fans at the console. We’ve extended that and begun to extend it to the PC; we're extending it to mobile. That platform strength will drive this more annuity-like behavior that you're thinking about, which is great. And we saw that in the Game Pass subscription growth, again, this quarter building on that base. But then, the third party titles will drive some volatility, but that volatility is just reinforcing of the position we have and I think the long relationship with fans. So, I think we're all pretty excited. I think, Satya called it pivotal, I think, it certainly is and that we're sort of looking forward to the next console release as well.
