Bill Koefoed: Thanks, Sharon, and thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. As usual, with me today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel. On our website, microsoft.com/investor, is our financial summary slide deck which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Note that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year. Unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the $540 million revenue deferral related to the Windows upgrade offer and the previously announced $6.2 billion goodwill impairment charge. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until July 19, 2013. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release and the comments made during this conference call and in the risk factors section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Peter.
Bill Koefoed: Thanks Peter. We want to get the questions from as many of you as possible, so please stick to just one question and avoid long or multi part questions. Sharon, can you please go ahead and repeat your instructions.
Bill Koefoed: I think generally you're characterizing it correctly. We were really excited about the new Office and what that means for Office 365 being broadly available for both consumers and enterprises, and we do think this is a real accelerant for the business. Today, it's been a really compelling part of the overall Office story. We talk with every customer about the cloud roadmap, and that’s one of the drivers of what we're seeing broadly across MBD, not just in Office, but in SharePoint, Lync and Exchange. And I think you’re thinking about this right that when we get to the new Office in conjunction with Windows 8 we really accelerate what we are doing for both consumers as well as businesses of all sizes.
Bill Koefoed: Just to add on I mentioned in my script that year-over-year revenue for SQL was up over $0.5 billion. So, just awesome momentum in SQL in the database business and our competitive strategy in the marketplace has just really been playing out.
Bill Koefoed: I’d just add on that our enterprise agreement renewal rate was certainly within if not at the higher end of our historical range. So, we feel really good about the execution of the sales force this quarter and I think that that definitely played out towards the end of the fiscal year.
Bill Koefoed: I’d just add on, I think as when (inaudible) spoke at one of the conferences this past year, I think he just talked about the fact that our roadmap there is something that enterprises are really buying into because, I mean use this term hybrid cloud and he talked about, this as a strategy of working with enterprises to focus on their on-premise capability, as well as their public cloud capability and being able to offer the opportunity for people to kind of manage that interchangeably. And we really feel like we’ve got just a unique set of capabilities there, and as Peter said, we’ve been making a lot of investment there and you are really seeing that show up in our revenue growth.
Bill Koefoed: Let me take that. So, I mean I think Peter talked about this just a second ago, but there is just a whole bunch of kind of moving pieces in there. He talked about there is emerging markets that are growing faster than developed markets. Obviously, there is a different pricing, we have different prices in emerging markets than we do in developed markets. Obviously, there is also some upgrade revenue that we’d be recognizing during this year. I think Kash to your point, there could be some tablet growth. I mean to be honest, it could grow faster but at the same time these best estimates that we have is that we’re going to grow in line with all the information that we have available.
Bill Koefoed: Brendan, neither Peter and I are probably technically savvy enough to be able to offer a great answer on that one, but we are happy to get somebody from the Server & Tools business who can go deep on the technology and we’d love to talk about what we are doing around that and certainly arrange a follow-up call with you in the future if so. Thanks for the question and we’ll follow-up with you.
Bill Koefoed: Okay, great. So, that will wrap up our Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. We hope you all have a great summer. We look forward to seeing many of you at the numerous conferences in which we will be participating this quarter. For those of you unable to attend in person, you will be able to follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact us if you need any additional details. And thanks again for joining the call today and have a great day.
Peter Klein: Thank, Bill, and thanks everyone for joining us. We started the fiscal year with good momentum and closed with a solid finish. Throughout the year we delivered top line growth and remained disciplined on cost management while continuing to execute on our product roadmap. Our enterprise products and services remain a top priority for CIOs as they navigate macroeconomic challenges. They are adopting our solutions for increased productivity, manageability, and security at an overall lower total cost of ownership. Windows 7 and Office 2010 both reached new milestones as enterprises benefit from our business desktop offerings. Today over 50% of enterprise desktops worldwide are running Windows 7 and software assurance attach rates are at an all-time high. And even two years after launch, Office 2010 attach continues to grow as businesses make long-term commitments to the Office platform. Our productivity server offerings continue to perform very well with double-digit growth. Our newest server offering, Lync, grew over 45% this quarter, and we are excited about the unified communication scenarios that are enabled by new voice, video and social capabilities. Office remains the number one productivity application and today is on more than 1 billion PCs worldwide. On Monday we released a customer preview of the new Office, which puts mobility, social and cloud at the forefront. Combined with the power of Windows 8, we are enabling a new platform of computing that gives the end-user unparalleled choice for consumption and productivity. Our Server & Tools products deliver on the vision of the modern data center by enabling multi-tenancy, scalability and continuous services, all while using a single pane of glass for management. No other technology company can offer the hybrid cloud solutions that give customers the ability to manage and scale their applications, data and processes across both public and private clouds. As I look back when I first became CFO of Server & Tools in 2003, it was a $7 billion business. Since then it has grown to nearly $19 billion in revenue and the opportunity for future growth has never been better. Xbox continued its evolution as an entertainment platform and has solidified its place in the living room. With the help of Kinect and Bing, discovering and accessing content has never been easier. And with the recently announced Xbox SmartGlass, we look to make entertainment smarter, more interactive and more fun. Moving to the Online Services Division, we continue to grow share, increase revenue per search and improve operating performance. Despite this progress, our expectations for future growth and profitability are now lower than we previously expected. As we announced earlier this month, we took a write-down on the goodwill that arose mainly from the aQuantive acquisition. We continue to believe that search is a strategic asset for Microsoft and are prioritizing our resources into the areas we believe drive the most business value. With Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8, we see a great opportunity to benefit from the trend towards smart mobile devices. We feel that we are uniquely positioned to address the security and manageability challenges that CIOs are dealing with today as a result of this trend. And for users, we offer compelling experiences across devices with data and services that are connected seamlessly via the cloud. In summary, we delivered solid financial results while embarking on the largest launch wave in our history. We are pleased with the long-term commitment that enterprise customers are making to our offerings as it demonstrates the high level of confidence in our product and service roadmap. Importantly, customer satisfaction is at an all time high. This past year we delivered significant product releases such as SQL Server 2012, System Center 2012, and updates from Azure, Bing, and Xbox LIVE, and enthusiasm is building for the coming year that includes important releases from Windows, Windows Phone, Office and Windows Server. With those thoughts, I will hand it back to Bill to provide more details on our results, and then I will come back to provide some thoughts on our outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2013.
Peter Klein: Thanks, Bill. For the remainder of the call, I'll discuss our expectations for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2013. As we look forward, we expect many of the trends from 2012 to continue. Companies will prioritize the transition to the modern desktop. CIOs will continue to invest in cloud solutions to deliver productivity, scalability to their business. Consumers will increasingly leverage cloud services to ensure their content is always available across any of their devices. Rapid innovation will continue in hardware, services and the underlying infrastructure that is needed to support mobile computing. With our current portfolio and roadmap we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on these trends. Now turning to our outlook by business. For Windows, in the first quarter we expect to defer $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion related to the Windows upgrade offer and presales of Windows 8 to OEMs prior to general availability. Just a reminder that amounts deferred for the Windows upgrade offer will get recognized upon the earlier of redemption or the expiration of the program on February 28, 2013. We expect the current dynamics of the PC marketplace to continue in the first quarter. Excluding the impact of the deferrals associated with the Windows Upgrade Offer and pre-sales, we expect Windows revenue to slightly trail the PC market for the quarter. With new touch-enabled features in Windows 8 and new form factors hitting the market this fall, we expect Windows 8 to drive the PC ecosystem forward. Excluding the deferrals from fiscal year 2012, for the year we expect Windows revenue to be roughly in line with the PC market. Note that this does not include the impact of Surface PCs which we will update you on in the coming months. In the Microsoft Business Division, multi-year licensing revenue, which is approximately 60% of the division’s total, should grow low double-digits for both the first quarter and full-year. Transactional revenue, which is the remaining revenue in the division, should lag the overall PC market until the launch of Office due to the normal cyclical slowdown in advance of the next version, and then slightly outperform the PC market post-launch. Within Server and Tools, our customers are moving from transactional licensing into multi-year licensing agreements. This impacts our mix of revenue, and for next year we expect multi-year licensing to be approximately 60% of the division’s revenue, transactional licensing to be 20%, and Enterprise Services to remain at 20%. With the shift to multi-year agreements, we expect transactional revenue to slightly lag the overall server hardware market for the first quarter and full-year. For both the first quarter and the year, we expect multi-year licensing revenue and Enterprise Services revenue to both grow low-teens. In the Online Services Division, we look to build upon improvements in share and search monetization, with focused investment in the highest value areas. For our Entertainment and Devices Division, while we have been maintaining our share leadership position, the console market has been showing year-over-year declines. For games, Halo 4 will launch in Q2, while Gears of War was a Q1 title last year. With these considerations in mind, we expect revenue to decline high-teens in the first quarter, and to be roughly flat for the full-year. We expect COGS to grow high-single digits in the first quarter, due primarily to the Nokia payments, addition of Skype and growth in Enterprise Services, partially offset by lower console volumes. We are reaffirming our guidance for operating expenses of 30.3 to $30.9 billion for fiscal 2013, and as you create your models, you should expect higher expense growth rates around the timing of launches. As a reminder, Other Income includes dividend and interest income, offset by interest expense and the net cost of hedging. In the current low interest rate environment, we expect these items to generally offset, absent one-time events. For the full fiscal year, we expect our effective tax rate to be 19% to 21%, and capital expenditures to be slightly over $3 billion. Adjusting for the impact of the Windows Upgrade Offer and pre-sales, we expect unearned revenue will roughly follow historical sequential growth patterns for the first quarter. In summary, we delivered solid financial results in both the fourth quarter and for the full fiscal year. We enter fiscal 2013 with great momentum and are excited about our upcoming launches. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Bill, and we will take some questions.
Peter Klein: Well the first question I will go back to the guidance we gave for how we expect Windows to really ignite the PC market and how we (inaudible) to do relative to the PC market. Obviously, we said it was going to lag a little bit in the first quarter prelaunch and for the full-year, would be roughly in line, so obviously that means for the remainder of the year slightly ahead. And also think about some of our emerging markets versus developed markets and what that means for the overall growth of Windows relative to the hardware market. On the second question on the PC market, I’d say when we talk about the PC market we are largely consistent with how the third parties would report on the PC market traditionally.
Peter Klein: What I’ll tell you Mark we are sort of laser-beam focused on the partnership that we have with Yahoo! We’ve be very encouraged with the year-over-year improvements we have seen over the last several quarters. And to be honest 100% of our focus right now is on making sure we continue to drive those gains which will benefit both parties of the partnership and make sure that’s successful for both companies because it’s obviously very strategic for both of us.
Peter Klein: The biggest piece of that we are seeing is SQL and we are getting so much great traction with big enterprises really starting to make progress in tier 1 applications and what we are seeing now is many more long-term multi-year agreements for SQL, which used to be more of a transactional business, but now as bigger companies are making their commitment to our data platform, putting their mission-critical applications on it, they are signing more of a new kind of licensing that we had just for SQL for multi-year licensing agreements. So by far the biggest impact is in SQL, and yes with the new version of SQL Server 2012 we expect that to continue.
Peter Klein: No, as you pointed out, we tend to look at it all up on our annuity business, both contracted as well as the unearned and taken as a whole. We’re obviously very pleased with what we are doing. We’re pleased with the performance we’ve had with our customers, we’re pleased with the renewal rates, we’re pleased with the trend that we just talked about with SQL. I wouldn’t highlight anything unusual there.
Peter Klein: When I think about E&D, I feel really good about the evolution of the business model for the entertainment business, you have seen us really add the content partners that we have and grow the Xbox LIVE business. And so historically the profitability has been largely sensitive to the console market and that’s still a big piece of it, but as we broadened our business, we now are at different revenue streams. And obviously the other thing I’d say is with Halo 4 coming later this year, having a really high first-party title is always a great thing from a profit perspective. So, when you think about the business model going forward, I feel great about some of the content is coming. I feel great about the subscription with Xbox LIVE and some of the access and discoverability we have with Kinect and Bing as well.
Peter Klein: As that business has really accelerated and shown great revenue growth. We are obviously getting the benefits of the scale that you get right, because a lot of the expenses are R&D expense and so, we’ve really been able to improve those margins at the same that we have been building out, both the public and private cloud assets as well. And you heard me talk about before, we’re really encouraged by the trajectory of that business and we think there is continued headroom from that perspective.
Peter Klein: You are right. It's not losing share, but it's transitioning to the multi-year licensing business for both Windows Server and SQL Server. So that's really what we are seeing, and Bill gave you some of the numbers when he was talking about some of the growth in SQL Server revenue and just all-out multi-year licensing business for the Server & Tools business. It's really just a mix to the multi-year agreements which we love, because it’s people making longer-term commitments to the platform.
Peter Klein: In general, in total when people are buying new Server & Tools products, they are more often going to multiyear licensing agreements than transaction where that wasn’t as much the case in the past.
Peter Klein: Well, I’d refer you to the guidance that I gave when we look forward and the general answer would be like in previous launches we are incredibly excited about their capabilities, probably more excited about what we are doing with Windows 8 and reimagining what you can do with Windows. And in particular what we are doing and what our OEM partners are doing to deliver really cool devices and really exciting form factors. So, the general answer is, no we are probably more excited about this launch than any launch in a long time.
Peter Klein: It's actually all of those things. Certainly the product roadmap and the new capabilities that we have across the board whether that's System Center 2012 and SQL Server 2012 which is now and what’s coming in Windows Server later this year as well as the public-private cloud story which really, really resonates. So what people are investing in is that roadmap, because they see where they are going long-term and they are partnering with us to get where they need to get long-term through their increased capabilities and our technology. And I’d add that total cost of ownership does play a big piece of that particularly on the SQL side.
Peter Klein: So, let me start with Lync. And I will try and tame myself because I just love Lync. The reason it's growing so fast is because of the capabilities that it provides as well as the cost savings it provides for a company. It's really compelling and it really resonates well with customers. It’s a lot of new implementation, some of its competitive, some of its just new application that people think of really reimagining how communications happens. We are really excited at one place where Skype acquisition plays in and kind of what we showed a little bit this week with how we are really reimagining communications broadly for all of our customers. And that story really resonates very well. It's very easy to sell. It's very easy to see. The capabilities are very easy to show. So, that's just a great product, a great set of capability, a great value proposition for CIOs and end-users alike. And as Bill said, we think unified communication is a really big market opportunity for us, and we felt that for a longtime, and we are really starting to see it with this version of Lync, and what we are doing going forward.
Peter Klein: Mostly related to the increase in our cloud businesses across the boards, and some we’re getting good adoption and acceleration. So, it's a little bit of an increased related across the board as Office 365 capacity.
