Satya Nadella: Thank you, Keith. Let me start, and then Amy can add to this. I think, I would say we primarily start right now from the demand side. What I mean by that is what's the product – shape of the product portfolio, what we learned even from the cloud transition, which, as you know, Keith, was similar in the sense it was both a knowledge-intensive and a capital-intensive transition. We needed to have the product portfolio where there was the right mix of, I'll call it, infrastructure meters as well as SaaS applications. So that's the first thing that we are looking at. And how is that value landing with customers and what's the growth rate. So when I think about what's happening with M365 Copilot as perhaps the best Office 365 or M365 suite we have had, the fact that we're getting recurring customers, so our customers coming back buying more seats. So GitHub Copilot now being bigger than even GitHub when we bought it. What's happening in the contact center with Dynamics. So I would say – and obviously, the Azure AI growth, that's the first place we look at. That then drives bulk of the CapEx spend, basically, that's the demand signal because you got to remember, even in the capital spend, there is land and there is data center build, but 60-plus percent is the kit, that only will be bought for inferencing and everything else if there is demand signal, right? So that's, I think, the key way to think about capital cycle even. The asset, as Amy said, is a long-term asset, which is land and the data center, which, by the way, we don't even construct things fully, we can even have things which are semi-constructed, we call [cold] (ph) shelves and so on. So we know how to manage our CapEx spend to build out a long-term asset and a lot of the hydration of the kit happens when we have the demand signal. There is definitely spend for training. Even there, of course, we will only be scaling training as we see the demand accrue in any given period in time. So I would say it's more important to manage, to capture the opportunity with the right product portfolio that's driving value. And on that front, I feel good about the breadth of Microsoft offering, whether it's in consumer side, whether it's on commercial per seat side or on the consumption meters, that's, I think, the fundamental driver.
Satya Nadella: Yes. Thanks again, Mark, for the question. So to me, look, at the end of the day, GenAI is just software. So it is really translating into fundamentally growth on what has been our M365 SaaS offering with a newer offering that is the Copilot SaaS offering, which today is on a growth rate that's faster than any other previous generation of software we launched as a suite in M365. That's, I think, the best way to describe it. I mean the numbers I think we shared even this quarter are indicative of this, Mark. So if you look at it, we have both the landing of the seats itself quarter-over-quarter that is growing 60%, right? That's a pretty good healthy sign. The most healthy sign for me is the fact that customers are coming back there. That is the same customers with whom we landed the seats coming back and buying more seats. And then the number of customers with 10,000-plus seats doubled, right? It's 2x quarter-over-quarter. That, to me, is a healthy SaaS core business. And on top of that, some of the things that Amy shared around Dynamic. That's another exciting place for us, which is one, we are gaining share. We are – Dynamics with the GenAI built-in is sort of really biz app, it's probably the category that gets completely transformed with GenAI. Contact centers being a great example. We ourselves are on course to save hundreds of millions of dollars in our own customer support and contact center operations. I think we can drive that value to our customers. And then on the Azure side, you see the numbers very clearly. In fact, I think last quarter is when we started giving you that. You saw an acceleration of that this quarter. One of the other pieces, Mark, is AI doesn't sit on its own, right? So it's just for – we have a concept of design wins in Azure. So in fact, 50% of the folks who are using Azure AI are also using a data meter. That's very exciting to us because the most important thing in Azure is to win workloads in the enterprise. And that is starting to happen. And these are generational things once they get going with you. So that's, I think, how we think about it at least when I look at what's happening on our demand side.
Satya Nadella: Just one other thing, Amy, if I wanted to add. I think as people think about capital spend, I think it's important to separate out leases from build. And when it comes to build, I think it's important for us to think about – we think about it in terms of what's the total percentage of cost that goes into each line item, land which obviously has a very different duration and a very different lead time. So those are the other two considerations. We think about lead time and duration of the asset. Land, network, construction, the system or the kit and then the ongoing cost. And so if you think about it that way, then you know how to even adjust, if you will, the capital spend based on demand signal.
Satya Nadella: Yes. I mean, to me, it's no different than leases that we would have done in the past. These – you could even say sometimes buying from Oracle, maybe even more efficient leases because they're even shorter date.
Satya Nadella: Yes, that's a great question. In fact, the GitHub design system and the GitHub Copilot workspace design system, which now, for example, you start with an issue, you create a plan, from a plan, you create a spec, or you create a spec and from a spec, you create a plan and then you go operate across the full repo. That's effectively the design system that is getting replicated inside of even the M365 Copilot. And you see this even now – for example, you get an email, you're in sales, you want to respond to the customer. The data from the email is essentially context for a prompt but you expand by bringing in all of your CRM data, right? So this customer email is in the context of some order, all of the CRM record gets completed in context and a reply gets generated with the CRM data. That's the type of stuff that's already happening. Then you take something like Copilot Studio, you can start even grounding it in more data and then completing workflows. So you could say if this email comes from this customer whose order date is got a particular issue with it. You can then go and escalate it to somebody else who gets a notification in Teams. And those are the kinds of workflows that are getting built within IT or by end users themselves, what used to be line of business applications to us are Copilot extensions going forward. So we think of this as really a new design system for knowledge and frontline work to drive productivity, which would be very akin to what has happened in software engineering. So when you think about marketing or finance or sales or customer service, we will effectively replicate what you just said, which is the type of productivity we've seen in developers, will come to all of these functions as they think about their work, workflow and workout effect, all being driven by Copilots.
Amy Hood: And Keith, I do think – and I really do appreciate how you phrased the question as well because I think the timing and some of the questions you all have had really led to how we were talking even about capital expense in our comments – in my comments today. Being able to maybe share a little more about that when we talked about roughly half of FY2024's total capital expense as well as half of Q4's expense, it's really on land and build and finance leases, and those things really will be monetized over 15 years and beyond. And they're incredibly flexible because we've built a consistent architecture first with the Commercial Cloud and second with the Azure stack for AI, regardless of whether the demand at the platform layer or at the app layer or through third parties and partners or, frankly, our first-party SaaS, it uses the same infrastructure. So it's long-lived flexible assets. And if you think about it, that way, you can see what we're doing and focused on is building out this network in parallel across the globe. Because when we did this last transition, the first transition to the Cloud, which seems a long time ago sometimes, it rolled out quite differently. We rolled out more geo by geo and this one because we have demand on a global basis. We are doing it on a global basis, which is important. We have large customers in every geo. And so hopefully, with that sort of shape of our capital expense, it helps people see how much of that is sort of near-term monetization driver as well as a much longer duration.
Amy Hood: And, Mark, to answer the second half of your question on margin improvement, looking different than it did through the last cloud cycle. That's primarily for a reason I've mentioned a couple of times. We have a consistent platform. So because we're building to one Azure AI stack, we don't have to have multiple infrastructure investments. We're making one. We're using that internally first-party, and that's what we're using with customers to build on as well as ISVs. So it does, in fact, make margins start off better and obviously scale consistently.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Kash. That's a very good question. There's really two pieces, I think, as I heard your question that I would reflect on. The first is, could we see sort of consistent revenue growth without maybe what you would say is more of this sort of elevated capital expense number or something that continues to accelerate. And the answer to that is yes because there's two different pieces, right? You're seeing half of this go toward long-term builds that Satya mentioned, the pace at which we fill those builds with CPUs or GPUs will be demand-driven. And so if we see differences in demand signal, we can throttle that investment on the CPU side, which we've done for I guess, a long time at this point, as I reflect, and we'll use all that same learning and demand signal understand to do the same thing on the GPU side. And so you're right that you could see relatively consistent revenue patterns and yet see these inconsistencies and capital spend quarter-to-quarter. The other thing, I would note, Kash, is you'll also notice there's a growing distinction between our CapEx number, and on occasion, the cash that we pay for PP&E and you're going to start to see that more often in this period because it happens when we use leases. Leases sort of show up all at once. And so you'll see a little bit more volatility. I've mentioned it back in my comments before, but I mentioned it again just because you're starting to see that distinction in my comments and hopefully that's helpful context.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. Actually, no. As I was talking on the quarter, I mean Commercial bookings were much better than we expected going into the quarter. Commitments were very good execution across both the core sort of annuity renewal motion was good, as expected, the larger long-term commitments were better than we expected. So Brent, I would not say there was anything really unusual in how I thought about what we saw in our commercial execution through the quarter.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. Yes, that's exactly right. Maybe I'll just repeat it, just so people can hear it in my words as well to that 30% to 31% guide for Q4 and coming in at the lower end of 30%. You're exactly right. The distinguishing between being at the higher end or at the lower end, really was some softness we saw in a few European geos on non-AI consumption really made the difference in that number. And we've assumed that going forward into H1 inclusive of my guide 28% to 29% going forward. And then let me separate which was your larger point, which is what are the other factors you see ongoing. Number one, you're right, capacity constraints, particularly on AI and Azure will remain in Q4 and will remain in H1. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brad. Maybe separate a couple of things. We are – and we've talked about now for quite a few quarters, we are constrained on AI capacity. And because of that, actually, we've, to your point, have signed up with third parties to help us as we are behind with some leases on AI capacity. We've done that with partners who are happy to help us extend the Azure platform, to be able to serve this Azure AI demand. And you do see us investing quite a bit as we've talked about in builds so that we can get back in a more balanced place.
Amy Hood: No. I do think the real goal here is to be able to take a broad set of content to more users in more places, and really build what looks more like to us, the software annuity and subscription business. With enhanced transactions and the ownership of IP, which is quite valuable long-term. As Satya mentioned, things where with the ownership of IP, it can be monetized in multiple ways. And I think we're really encouraged by some of the progress and how we're making progress with Game Pass as well with some of the new announcements. Thank you, Keith.
