Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Sure, thanks for the question, Keith. Let me start and then, Amy, if you want, you can add. Again, Keith, when we look at either the capital expense or the technical architecture, and the general approach we take is about all of our cloud. When you look at what we're trying to get done between Azure, we don't really see these themes across Azure or 365, Dynamics 365, and also the things that we're doing with Xbox Live, for example, all billed as one cloud infrastructure and a set of rich services in the cloud. So for example, some of the cognitive capabilities that are there in Azure first come because of our first-party AI investments, whether it's been speech or vision or anything else. Even the infrastructure that is there in Azure came out of some of our first-party investments in Office 365 or again Bing in other areas. So we have an approach which takes all of our cloud pieces together. And that same thing is reflected even in the customer journeys. I think the Maersk example I walked you through is probably a good one, where it may start with some commodity workload on Azure or it may start with Office 365, but then it will end up with HoloLens and someone using Dynamics 365 for increased automation. In the case of Maersk, they were using field service and operations inside of Dynamics 365. So to me, those high-level services will over time attach in Azure, but also in Dynamics as well as in Office 365. So to me, that's why Azure is pretty strategic for us, not just for the attachment of high-level services in what is defined as Azure, but the all-up digital transformation opportunity. That's how Amy and I even think about our margin structure. We need to improve in each one of the elements, but all-up we need to improve because we think that increased opportunity is what's unique about our approach.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Yeah. The timeframes of these migrations and so on are a lot more complicated than they perhaps appear on the surface. So here's what we think of. For example, right when everyone's talking about the cloud, the most interesting part is the edge of the cloud. Whether it's IoT, whether it's the auto industry, whether it's what's happening in retail, essentially compute is going where the data gets generated, and increasingly data is getting generated at the volumes in which it's drawing compute to it, which is the edge. So if you look even at our announcements over this quarter, a lot of what we have done with IoT is create an IoT edge. Of course, we have an amazing cloud with the SaaS services for IoT, but the edge compute, the ability to run a neural network at the edge, do inferences at the edge is exciting. Azure Stack is going to completely change what hybrid is and the expectations customers have with hybrid. I mean, GEICO example is a good one. What's happening with SQL Server, SQL Server is no longer just about a database that's on-premise. It's a database that's on-premise that can be tiered with the cloud. A single table can be extended to the cloud. The queries will work across both the tiering. And so to me, the innovative work we're doing is what I would characterize as the future of true distributed computing, which is it will remain distributed. And that's what we are building towards. We'll talk a lot more and build on that about that architecture and what we're seeing with customers. Then given that what you are saying is true, which is there will be some which will be lift and shift of workloads, but then there is lift, shift, and modernizing of workloads. And in that modernizing phase, it's not just being modernized to live only in what is called a cloud, but it will also be modernized to live in the edge of the cloud. And so that's the transformation at play. That's a multiyear and a generational transformation. Quarter to quarter, there will be all kinds of volatility. But what is clear to me and clear to Microsoft's engineers is that we have a very clear world view of what is it that we want to get done, and we stay focused on it.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Sure, Heather, thanks for the question. Overall qualitatively, in terms of PaaS adoption of Azure, a lot of it comes with what's happening, for example, in the services we talk about, like IoT. We now have a much higher-level managed service. We even launched a new packaging of it with the IoT Central, which allows developers who are building IoT solutions, instead of assembling it themselves to be able to use this managed service to be that much more agile and productive. So that's usually the way we make the atomic parts available as well as these essentially SaaS services or PaaS services. Same thing with data, the DocumentDB is a massive thing for us. It's the planet-scale database that supports JSON and much more, and we see that as a core part of the data tier for many, many applications. We even see, obviously, the end-user parts of the infrastructure when it comes to enterprise mobility. So all-up, we have multiple pieces. The other areas, course, the entire toolchain of what's happening with Visual Studio to continuous integration, to continuous deployment, and that's a place where we have a very, very differentiated solution for developers and developer productivity, which in some sense you can think of as like the Office 365 for developers. But that's all part of Azure. So those are the places where there are PaaS services. But as I said earlier in response to the question, we also welcome the use of, I'll say, the most atomic building blocks of Azure, whether it just be a Linux container, Azure functions, which is very cost-efficient for developers, because we know that over time, it may be not just PaaS services in Azure, it could be in fact a Dynamics 365 module. The canonical example for me is someone who collects data, does a prediction, ultimately then has to do something about that prediction, which means some automation like field service. So a lot of what is Dynamics field service is actually in our module growth we are seeing because of Azure IoT, and that relationship is not just about Azure PaaS.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Sure, Mark, and let me start and then Amy, you can add. On the Dynamics 365, we're at the very, very beginning phase of the transition of Dynamics from primarily being on-premise to now being a very modern modular SaaS service. The Dynamics 365 momentum is picking up. I talked about the revenue growth rate, and that's definitely going to be what's going to be true in the quarters to come and the years to come. But we do have a huge on-premise base. There is still a need for those on-premise products. That will continue, but our focus is on transitioning to the cloud. And you've seen us do this successfully with Office 365. You've seen us do that with Azure. And now we're ready to do that mainstream across what has been traditionally known as CRM and ERP without in fact us thinking and talking about those suites because we think that is a pretty old concept to have suites like that, which is we have now really made the entire Dynamics 365 much more modular, modern, and much more efficient for customers. So that's what's happening in Dynamics. Same thing on Azure, which is – the driver is – a lot of it is net new. IoT, for example, was not a workload on the old server world, whereas it's one of the big workloads for us. Same thing with AI, not an old workload. So there's new growth in Azure. There is the lift, shift, and modernize motion as well, as well as a new need for the edge of the cloud. So all three of them are in play, while recognizing we had a large business called the Server Licensing business. So we have three new things that we're driving and a lot of large licensing pieces that are just transitioning into these three motions.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: I'll start and then I'll transition to you, Amy. I don't view it that narrowly quarter to quarter or even year to year. These are generational opportunities that what's at play when it comes to the Intelligent Cloud or what's happening in augmented reality. Either one of those things, I think if we started viewing it quarter to quarter or year to year, we'll completely miss the trend. We definitely need to be smart about two things that Amy said before, which is pick markets that are secular growth markets and got big TAM. And most importantly, what's our role in it? Is this something that the world needs Microsoft to be doing, or is it well served by others? That's where we spend most of our cycles in. The fact that we put some salespeople and then there's increased productivity is something that we obviously celebrate and we track very closely. But the places where we are more likely to go and put our OpEx in the coming quarters, in the coming years are going to be about revenue that's going to show up for multiple years out. And it won't be very transparent to you, and that's how it is. If we had not gotten started on some of the distributed computing infrastructure in a completely different place, we wouldn't have even had Azure. But I completely understand that all of you measure us to what we have done for you lately. And that's a fine way and we'll keep account of it, but that's not how it works.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: That's great, so let me start. The best way to think about how people are using, whether it's Azure or Dynamics 365 or other capabilities we have, is in the context of that digital transformation and the outcome. So when you say killer apps, the killer apps are how are customers able to reimagine how they think about customer engagement, how they think about employee empowerment or the operational efficiency, or how they can change the products and the business models and the products. And if you look at even the examples I used in this quarterly earnings call, Maersk and what they are trying to do across all of those is pretty transformative. There is machine learning in AI. There is IoT. There is new type of business process automation with operations. All of that is transforming Maersk. What thyssenkrupp has done in their Elevator business and other business units by using anything from HoloLens to a front-line worker to how they're fundamentally moving their business model from essentially the margin on the thing to the margin on the service, which has machine learning and AI built into it. Those are the killer transformation opportunities that we are seeing. And in fact, it's not about in fact taking any old workload per se, but it's about reimagining what they want to do across these. And in that context, of course, they're lifting and shifting some of the older workloads, but they're modernizing the entire business process flow. And that's what's I think the killer opportunity, not any one technology, but the entire flow.
Satya Nadella - Microsoft Corp.: Yeah, I can start. I think with Office 365, we are trying to expand the appeal of Office 365 on multiple dimensions. A lot of what we are still seeing in play is the rapid adoption or the increased adoption of Office 365 E3, which is what I think is driving a lot of the growth, the ASP growth. Now we have a good start with what is at the high end of the enterprise value, which is E5, some of the value we have. Whether it's voice or analytics and security, it resonates. And we're learning, we're improving, and we're pushing forward on that front. At the same time, we're also introducing new SKUs for the front-line worker. This is one of the other first-time trends I'm seeing where CEOs are more interested in productivity of their front-line workers, and so that's another exciting space. It comes at a different ASP point, so it's not exactly the same as E5, but very important for us strategically to be able to increase the appeal of Office 365. We also are working to make Office 365 and seeing good traction in segments like small business. The other aspect of Office 365 which is important for us is the international element because we really never had very high penetration of our higher-end service SKUs in the international markets. And we finally get to do that with the service offering. So those are all the areas. Where there's significant room left – and we're not just standing still in terms of adding value for new segments, so those are all in play.
Amy E. Hood: And I think what you're hearing in that answer from Satya, Keith, is really about whether the premium services exist as you heard at the Azure layer, or whether they show themselves in our Productivity and Business Processes segment. The fact that you may see competition where there may be less differentiation, the real differentiation is where you've always been able to achieve margin and margin expansion, which is in the completeness of the solution or its delivery, the completeness of the business process change or not. And so I think while I do understand that people will ask a lot about that price competition at the lower level, I think what you're seeing is because we're able to continue to move people up the stack, including all the way up to the business process layer, I think you'll continue to see us be confident in our ability to move and create margin and growth.
Amy E. Hood: And I think, Karl, to your question about how that shows up, it's why you hear us focus more on the all-up KPI between Azure and this transactional or on-premise number, because the line between them, both strategically and literally, is more important to be blurred and going in that direction. And so this quarter, you saw a little bit healthier than we had thought, I pointed out. It tends to be – in this instance, Japan was a little better. It can be product-launch related. It can be macro-impacted. But whether or not you see that in transactional, the Uber trend of being able to see it through the all-up KPI, the dynamic Satya has talked about, you're going to hear us talk more and more about, whether it's a quote-unquote, on-prem server launch or an Azure feature, about the integration of the two.
Amy E. Hood: And to your specific question, Heather, on FY 2018 and OpEx, I did not because we're going to see each other and have more time on May 10 at the analyst briefing, and that's where I'll take some more time to walk through FY 2018.
Amy E. Hood: And in particular, in this quarter, how to think about I think some of the in-period outperformance versus what we see consistently, in the bucket of consistently, premium workload growth has been consistent for us. The double-digit annuity growth has been consistent for us, and that I think is a driver we continue to look for and be confident in its execution quarter to quarter. In the more temporal bucket this quarter as well as last you saw a bit of it, some geo help in certain geos that may see and be more transactional in nature. Japan happens to be one of those geos. And then we are still seeing some post-launch impact, specifically on the Windows Server side and selling higher-end SKUs post-launch, which has to do with some of the value inherent. So that's how I break down the drivers, Mark.
Amy E. Hood: Great. On ASC 606, we will talk about it in detail actually on May 10 in terms of the timing and what you can expect. You will also note in the 10-Q this quarter, we do give a look at the initial impact on an annual basis, using last year as an example. The biggest difference on an annual basis with the adoption of ASC 606 will really just be the change from Windows OEM. Now what we will talk about in more detail is that the quarter-to-quarter results in any given year will be a little bit more volatile. But over any annual period, the biggest difference will really just be the change in some ways back to how we thought about OEM revenue. So that's what I would think of on ASC 606.
Amy E. Hood: Windows, I'm sorry. I answered them in the opposite order. And on the Windows pricing, which we talked about, we do and always have worked with Windows SKUs as we release new products and add new value. This quarter, we had a bit of a mix shift to a higher-end SKU. And starting in April, we've introduced other SKUs that have more value in them at lower processing specs. And so what you'll continue to see is that would normalize. Even though we saw some high-end SKUs this quarter do well, I would expect in Q4 to have the normal breadth of those SKUs and revert back to looking much more like the commercial PC market itself.
Amy E. Hood: Great, let me take both of those. Let me separate your first question because I think you're really asking two that I probably don't relate as directly, and I should do that for you. We've been a longtime advocate of structural tax reform, and so we'll just wait and see how things play out. And as decisions get made and proposals clarified, we'll share more about what that means for us. Next, in terms of how we thought about that impacting capital return, as you know, I think we've been and executed a significant capital return program over the past couple years, including accelerating the buyback program that I think I feel very good about at the corporate level in terms of the value it's created. And so I wouldn't say that I view those two things as waiting for one to do the other. We've in fact continued to do what we thought created the most value for shareholders, which is to invest in ourselves, acquire companies that help us expand our TAM and grow, return dividends, as well as repurchase shares. And we've continued to do that this quarter as well. I think you'll continue to see us take a balanced approach, but I don't think of those as being related. The last question on OpEx, I think over the past couple of years, we've continued to make decisions that said every dollar we spend, are we putting it in the right place for the long term, whether that's reallocating or adding new. And what we expect is to grow new markets and perform really well in them with every dollar that we invest, whether, frankly, Brad, it's in OpEx or in COGS. At this point, both of those are very large buckets of investments, which Satya and I as well as the whole senior leadership team spend the majority of our time picking markets and making sure we execute in them. So in terms of our ability to continue to do that, of course there are opportunities. We learn, frankly, I think every week where we can do better and where we can continue to invest to accelerate. That being said, I don't view any OpEx number as a constraint. More I view, is the return healthy? Is it growing the top line? Are we executing well on it? And if we are, it will make sense to spend more and if we aren't, it won't. And so I tend to take that approach as opposed to solving for any one number.
Amy E. Hood: I think the important part in what Satya says is the distinction between really engineering investments that take multiple years of investment and world view on a TAM and holding ourselves accountable to sales and marketing investments. And are they earning the right return? Are we doing them in the right way? Are they in the might market? Are we investing in the right types of people, in the right capabilities? What I look and say that this number shows is that we are doing and it is encouraging that the plan that we put in place, that the sales team has done a really terrific job of executing on. And all that does is build more confidence that both we've picked a good market and we're investing in the right type of people to make sure we land that opportunity at customers. And then the most important thing is that the customers' success is what will breed revenue for the next quarter, the next year. And especially in this market, a generational move here really means, especially for many of the workloads being moved, these pay off every year for the next 10.
Amy E. Hood: And I think your question about is it really budgets, I think you used the phrase opening up. What I think is really interesting is, I don't know, I read probably the same CIO surveys you all do. Frankly, the numbers in those in terms of IT spend or intent to spend, they aren't much different than we've seen. For me, what I think is missing in that question is really – it's not about any one customer saying wait, I'm going to spend 2% more or 3% more. These are companies actually deciding that the change is required, not from an infrastructure perspective, but to change how they're running their business itself. And so things that used to look more to them like capital expense or COGS or not just an IT budget, this is literally changing every business process they run or changing the services they offer, and thinking about literally driving their revenue differently. And so I don't really associate it probably as much with a quote-unquote, budget that sits in IT very narrowly. This is really about every budget that sits not just in IT, but under every functional leader of a company being spent differently and being spent on our technology.
Amy E. Hood: Overall, we continue to expect each service is going to get better and better. That happens from two things, premium mix revenue doing well, as well as the efficiencies we expect to get in COGS resulting in gross margin improvement. Now to your specific question on can you expect it every quarter sequentially, the answer is not really. The mix amongst the services will always result in a pacing change. And so while year over year you may not see as much, but you will see more sequential volatility as, frankly, you've seen over the past six quarters, even when we've seen improvements in each of the underlying and underlying services, which tends to be how I focus on it a bit more.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks. In general, for the full fiscal year, we'll be right at or a little below where I thought we would have been, and so that's why the full-year perspective that growth will slow is still on track. And for simplicity, I generally would think about all the delta from Q3. I would encourage you just to move it into Q4 as you think about what to expect.
Amy E. Hood: And the way you've seen that, and I'll relate it to margins, is this continued and consistent installed base growth, and even still having the opportunities Satya laid out. And most of the ARPU improvement that we've seen has been, in fact still due to the E3 transition, not due to the E5 transition. So we still feel quite good about the opportunity, especially in some of the customers that have already moved to E3. And then in terms of gross margin, margin actually here has been steadily improving. We've been in this business a bit longer and it's more mature. I do think here the opportunity is also ARPU-based actually here in terms of continuing to see margin improvement is continuing raise the dollars per user that we realize to continue to see that grow.
