Brett Iversen: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Satya Nadella, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Amy Hood, Chief Financial Officer; Alice Jolla, Chief Accounting Officer; and Keith Dolliver, Deputy General Counsel. On the Microsoft Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings press release and financial summary slide deck, which is intended to supplement our prepared remarks during today’s call and provides the reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Unless otherwise specified, we will refer to non-GAAP metrics on the call. The non-GAAP financial measures provided should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. They are included as additional clarifying items to aid investors in further understanding the company’s third quarter performance in addition to the impact these items and events have on the financial results. All growth comparisons we make on the call today relate to the corresponding period of last year unless otherwise noted. We will also provide growth rates in constant currency, when available, as a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Where growth rates are the same in constant currency, we will refer to the growth rate only. We will post our prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today’s call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript, and in any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript on the Microsoft Investor Relations website. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements which are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today’s earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of our Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Satya.
Brett Iversen: Thanks Amy. We will now move over to Q&A. Out of respect for others on the call we request the partisans please only ask one question. Jesse, can you please repeat your instructions.
Brett Iversen: Thanks, Keith. That wraps up the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Satya Nadella: Yes, maybe I’ll start. Maybe at three levels Keith, one is just the competitiveness of our tech stack all up sort of from infrastructure all the way to the SaaS applications when it comes to the commercial cloud and as well as how we are able to monetize for example, the install base of our consumer franchises as well. So both of these places we feel we are competitive and increasingly so coming out of the pandemic to gain share. I’d also say that in many of these places, we have price leadership. I mean, take the one point I made which is, if there is any macro-headwind where you have more value for less price means you win. And in our case, when it comes to our commercial cloud offerings we have significant advantages on that across the stack. The second thing is in the conversations we are having with our customers. The interesting thing I find from perhaps even past challenges whether macro or micro is no, I don’t hear of businesses looking to their IT budgets or digital transformation projects is the place for cuts, if anything, some of these projects are the way they’re going to accelerate their transformation or for that matter automation for example. I have not seen this level of demand for automation technology to improve productivity because in an inflationary environment, the only deflationary force is software. So that’s the second micro thing the tone thing that’s different. At the end of the day though, I mean, none of us here are trying to forecast macro. So all we think of is the TAMs that we are competing in a large, as a percentage of GDP tech spend is on a secular basis by the end of the decade going to double. We just want to keep driving usage, driving share and be competitive, so that’s kind of how we view what we are doing. And that’s where our confidence comes from in terms of our outlays, whether it’s OpEx or CapEx. So I don’t know if Amy, if you want to add to that.
Satya Nadella: No, you counted well, Amy. I mean, I think, the fundamentals are pretty strong here still, whether it’s E5 growth, SMB growth, frontline worker, I’d also add emerging markets. I mean, this is the first time I feel that we have products that fit just emerging markets like Teams Essentials, where we can even really penetrate markets that we’ve never sold anything in the past. And then the new growth engines that you talked about, Teams Phones, Teams Rooms, Viva and even Windows 365 are all things that we can again, drive growth from. And the point about sort of our value is probably a very, very strong in a time like this in particular. And we see it like the one thing also I’d say is the usage data that we are seeing is peak everywhere. And so that’s the other thing, is we definitely will optimize for driving usage and deployment and that’s going to be our priority.
Satya Nadella: And the only thing I’d add is that this change is super good for both the partners, the customers and Microsoft long-term.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I mean, what I’d say Karl [ph] is that what we are seeing is a classic what happens with consumption meters, right, which is they grow, and then they get optimized and they grow again both existing and new. And so, it’s sort of, will always have some amount of volatility that even Amy referenced quarter-over-quarter. But if I walk up, one thing that we look at is growth coming from all segments, right? So small business and enterprise, is it coming from all regions? And it is. We also look at the type of workloads it’s coming from. And so it looks healthy in all of those. And if you walk up the stack to your point on the infrastructure side, the Tier 1 workloads is where I think we are seeing some big Tier 1 workloads, and I had many comments on SAP and other workloads moving. The second thing I’d say is on the past services and our DevFest that’s another area where we have differentiated value. So we see good growth there. Data and AI for sure, I mean, the thing that I find really to be something that I think the long run is going to probably be one of the bigger drivers of our growth and differentiation is our data fabric, because we are the only guys who have a complete data fabric from the operational store that’s fully integrated into an analytics engine that’s fully integrated into governance. And that increasingly is going to become more and more important, right? I mean you can be dealing with this a new regulation coming on privacy and governance on one end and your operational store being divorced from that. So we have a very differentiated offer and I talked about some of the growth numbers there. The AI inference is also finally kicking. They’re very small today, but even when I look at the total com – that’s just essentially a compute meter, there’s growth there. So overall, I think we will see quarter-over-quarter, some cyclicality, depending on which customers. In fact, we pay people at Microsoft to reduce customer bills and which we should. So given that we may see cyclicality in terms of how optimizations happen, but overall we’re still very early on as the world sort of migrates to the cloud and users, essentially cloud infrastructure and compute is sort of to drive their operational efficiencies and product.
Satya Nadella: I mean the thing that I always go back Kash is that all enterprise value at least as far as I can tell, gets created at three layers of the tech stack. What happens with infrastructure, whenever something can be 10x better. So for example, when we talk about the next generation of multi-edge, multi-cloud, infrastructure remaining one of the leaders, that’s going to be a massive EV creation as a percentage of GDP tech spend double. So that’s where everything from Azure, Azure, our database, our – all of that’s super important. The other one is, this is sort of age of AI. In other words, the core business logic is not being written. It’s being written by software. So when I look at, when I use get up co-pilot, that’s the therein lies the future of what how all business logic gets written. And so to me the AI layer, both the training, supercomputers, as well as the inference layer that’s a place where you’ll see us integrate what today you all consider to be two different businesses, whether it’s Azure and Windows, they’re just one business to me, because to me, where in training happens, where inference happens will be written once by developers. And then it’ll light up across this distributed fabric. So that’s another place where I think there’s tons of enterprise value that’ll get created over time. And then of course the UI layer always is the biggest one. And the next inflection point, whether it’s what happens with MetaWare, so what happens with even on the industrial side with IoT and digital twins those are all things that I think will be the ones that we will be focused on. So these three things translated into workloads and what we call our customer solution areas are the ways that at least we are investing in.
Satya Nadella: Yes. Sure. Just a couple of quick things. One is on the strategic commitments that are being made. We are sort of working at them workload at a time, and so we feel very, very good about both the type of workloads. In fact, I – there is a migration of a bunch of workloads that we may have won in the client server that are migrating, but the most exciting thing is the type of Tier 1 workloads that we have never seen run on any Microsoft infrastructure that’s running on Azure today and being optimized on Azure. So that’s the thing that we see as we win these large strategic deals. On Nuance, for me, the thing that’s exciting is Nuance is a platform layer for these AI driven applications that are getting deployed, whether it’s in healthcare or even in the enterprise contact center. So we are very excited about Nuance now being part of the Microsoft family. You’ll see us pretty aggressively go innovate there and grow the impact of these solutions in both what is sort of the large percentages of our GDP, like healthcare where I think things like tackling issues like physician burdens with new innovative solutions is much needed and we are really looking forward to exercising that.
Satya Nadella: Perfect. So I think on the commercial side, I think it’s well understood is that Windows is the socket for Microsoft 365. We have tremendous value, Amy referenced this earlier. In fact, we just launched Windows 11 and pro value with Windows 365, that’s resonating super well. The customer sat adoption rates when it comes, whether it’s security, whether it’s our productivity, we feel good about the commercial business. So we’ll stay focused on it on the commercial side. And on the consumer side, the coming out again the pandemic, the intensity of the usage has gone up. So one of the areas of focus for us is some of the stuff that I talked about in my remarks is just the usage, right? So where – when you think about 500 million users engaging with Microsoft start, that’s not the type of engagement we had. And so with a large installed base now, we have a significant room there, the browser share growth, we have significant room there. And then, of course, the subscription attaches whether it’s gaming or whether it’s productivity or suites. So that’s kind of how I look at what we are going to do at least in the immediate future. PC remains a very important category and I think people’s lives is what we’ve discovered during the pandemic. And if anything, the intensity of usage is increased. And there will be cyclical demand that we’ll go through. But the number of use cases is definitely, I think, structurally increased.
Amy Hood: I think the only thing Satya, I might add is, I think we’ve always and I think we’ve used this language quite frequently focused on the long–term opportunity. You talked about it as the TAM that we’re focused on. I would say also, there’s still a lot of that TAM left to go – left to go after and it is quite early, still. And the transitions you’re talking about from a digital transformation perspective, from an automation perspective, from a type of value and real productivity enhancements that can be made. And so I think the continuity of the execution has certainly been very good from the sales and partner side. But I would also say to your point, we’re investing for a long-term opportunity and our confidence that that long-term outcome is right is where the – is I think the basis for where you and I are talking, giving this answer from.
Amy Hood: I assume we’re specifically talking about most of the guidance in the more personal computing segment where the supply chain constraints, which are specifically related to the production shutdowns in China. I generally follow the same principle I try to follow, which is I give you my best knowledge as of today. I did note and tried to do that with a lot of clarity that were the production shutdowns to extend into May, there would be further negative impact on those from a supply constraint position. As you know, on the OEM business, that revenue is recognized at the point of production and then for Xbox consoles as well as Surface it’s a sell-in. So production delays even earlier in May can obviously have big impact on the quarter. So we’re watching it and I’ve tried to make that transparent in the guidance, outside of that my guidance is reasonably consistent with how I – with how I like to do it.
Amy Hood: Maybe I’ll start answering that question and Satya if you want to add, add anything. Very specifically Mark, I would say, this quarter was quite similar in nature to what you saw in the past few. Seat growth while across all segments was especially good in frontline worker and SMB. That did mask a little bit as it often does the ARPU improvement, given those tend to be lower priced SKUs, the ARPU improvement that we’re seeing from the transitions into E5. The transition from E3 to E5 still has opportunity. I would say, we’re in the earlier transitions of that show in terms as, I think, about going forward there is certainly still room for both seat growth specifically and frontline worker, as you noted as well as SMB. And then ARPU expansion through the E5 transition. The thing I would add that Satya mentioned in his comments and again in his first answer is really the value that is available to customers in E5, whether that is security, whether it’s compliance, whether it’s phone, whether it’s analytics, the value of that suite, and if you think even more broadly, the value of Microsoft 365, which adds in more components around Windows. I think we are offering high value and that tends to give us some optimism that we can continue to execute well in that segment. I don’t know Satya if there is anything you would add to that.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. That’s a very good question. I would say it does not feel like the tilt from on-prem to cloud felt any different in a way that would have impacted the quarter anymore, so than it normally does in terms of the normal transitions. We’ve seen to your point on Office or frankly, even in server, as we have people move those workloads and migrate those workloads to the cloud. This really was very significant. Think of it as a where partners transact. And we have such a broad, and valuable, and really needed partner community that is very vast. And we put this and had planned for this change for January 1. And we executed the change on January 1 as plan, and it’s just taking us a little longer to onboard all of this community to make sure that they can transact the way they want to in the program. So, I do think it’s going to take us longer than we thought, we’re going to continue to see that impact in Q4. And I know the teams are working hard to make sure that partners get comfortable with the new system, which is important to us.
Amy Hood: Satya, do you want to start with your comments maybe on Nuance overall, and then – and I can address sort of how the larger long-term contracts.
Amy Hood: And Michael, maybe specifically you’re absolutely right. I tend to mention the impact of large long-term Azure contract, both in the context of commercial bookings and some volatility we often can see in that because of it. But really, I think the way we think about them maybe outside of this phone call, is that it’s the beginning of the commitment between us and a customer to start to work together to deliver value. And so we go workload by workload, opportunity by opportunity and I think that’s what you were inferring a bit is that it’s almost the top of the funnel to create value for the customer. We call it delivering success to make sure they’re spending the dollars the most effective way, making sure we’re tackling the hardest problems that they need solved. And with that comes our investments that we’ve made and deployment resources and usage resources specifically in Azure to make that possible with customers. And so you’re right to say, I do talk about them in terms of volatility they create, what it creates inside the company is the beginning of a commitment to make sure we’re tackling the workloads and the solutions that the customers want to make happen across all the workloads frankly that Satya has talked about today.
Amy Hood: Exactly. I think the one thing I would add on your demand side, we have seen the transition from, I would say, in the middle of pandemic, definitely a consumer driven demand cycle. We’ve transitioned that to be a commercial part of the demand side. And so I do expect that to be the case, obviously, I think this is the second quarter in the row. We’ve seen that transition expect Q4 to be even more of that. And then we’ll wait and see how the second half of the year shapes up.
