Chris Suh: Thank you operator, and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. With me today are Peter Klein, chief financial officer; Frank Brod, chief accounting officer; and John Seethoff, deputy general counsel. On our website, microsoft.com/investor, is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft investor relations website until April 18, 2014. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are predictions, protection or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of our Form 10K, Form 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Before I hand the call over to Peter, I would like to remind you all that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year. Also, unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the cumulative effect of the revenue deferral and recognition related to Windows, Office, and Xbox videogame and the expense related to the non-tax-deductible European Commission fine.  Details of the adjustments can be found in our financial summary slide deck and press release. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Peter.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Peter.  We want to get questions from as many of you as possible, so please just keep to one question.  Operator, please go ahead and repeat your instructions.
Chris Suh: I did mention the fact that we believe inventories were drawn down.  We do think they’re at normal levels at this point, though.
Chris Suh: So that will wrap up the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call.  We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at events such as E3, TechEd, and Build, as well as at various investor conferences.  For those of you unable to attend in person, these events will generally be webcast, and you will be able to follow our comments at Microsoft.com/investor.  Please contact us if you need additional details.  Thanks again for joining us today, and take care.
Peter Klein: Thanks, Chris.  For the remainder of the call, I will discuss our expectations for the fourth quarter, and share some thoughts on fiscal year 2014.  Let me start with the fourth quarter. In the Windows division, similar to this quarter, revenue will continue to reflect sales of Surface and strong volume licensing, while OEM revenue will be impacted by the declining traditional PC market as we work to increase our share in tablets. Within server and tools, product revenue, including transactional and multiyear licensing, is about 80% of the division total revenue.  Enterprise services is the remaining 20%.  We expect both product and enterprise services revenue to grow low double-digits. In the Microsoft business division, multiyear licensing revenue, which is approximately 60% of the division’s total, should grow low double digits.  Excluding the recognition of revenue from the Office upgrade offer, transactional revenue, which is the remaining 40% of the division total, should be in line with the x86 PC market. As a reminder, when updating your Q4 models, we expect to recognize approximately $780 million of revenue related to the Office upgrade offer.  In the online services division, we expect revenue to grow low double-digits, reflecting growth in search revenue, partially offset by lower display revenue. Moving on to the entertainment and devices division, we expect revenue to grow mid teens.  For the fourth quarter, we expect COGS to grow mid teens, including Surface.  Other income and expense includes dividend and interest income, offset by interest expense and the net cost of hedging.  In the current low interest rate environment, we expect these items to generally offset. We are reducing our full fiscal year guidance for operating expenses to $30.2 billion to $30.5 billion.  This range excludes the impact of the European Commission fine of $733 million. At the full fiscal year, we expect our effective tax rate, excluding the expense related to the European Commission fine, to be 17-20%, and we continue to expect capital expenditures to be about $3.5 billion.  Excluding the impact of the Office upgrade offer, unearned revenue should roughly follow historical seasonal patterns. Now turning to fiscal 2014, we expect fiscal 2014 operating expenses to be $31.6 billion to $32.2 billion, which represents growth of 4-6% from the midpoint of our updated fiscal 2013 guidance.  We will continue to prioritize our spending while investing in the significant opportunity that is ahead of us. As we look towards the future, we have a solid foundation of products and services in market, and our leadership team is collectively focused on advancing every one of our businesses.  You can expect to hear more about the specific actions we are taking over the next few months. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Chris and we’ll take some questions.
Peter Klein: On Office 365, the metric that we gave was net seat additions were up 5 times over the prior year, so that gives you some growth metric in addition to the revenue number. To your point on Exchange or more broadly, I would say about other workloads, we’re seeing exactly that dynamic.  So not only are we addressing and reaching new customer segments like SMB, but many of them have never had a productivity server workload before.  Not just Exchange, but others as well.  And even those that had Exchange are now using other workloads, and so we’re seeing most of our customers having more than one workload. So across every dimension in terms of new revenue streams from the service, new customer segments, and new workloads, there’s a lot of new, and that’s what’s driving the growth and the opportunity that we’ve been looking for.
Peter Klein: As I said, we are expanding both the product set and distribution, and that is broadly, all devices, inclusive of Surface.  We are expanding distribution of Surface.  We are now in 22 countries, 70 retailers.  And we’ll continue to look to expand that.  Not only just expanding, but improving the experience.  And that’s true not just for Surface, but for broadly Windows 8 devices.  And so we’ll be investing against that for both Surface and a broader array of Windows 8 devices at multiple price points, including lower price points going forward.
Peter Klein: On the PC market, I would look to some of the third parties, IDC and Gartner.  They’re sort of in the 12-13-14 down range this quarter.  And in terms of the chipsets, we’ve always felt that with Windows 8, it was a process of the ecosystem really innovating across the board, and really starting to see that on the chips.  And we’re very encouraged by both Haswell and some of the Atom processors to really improve the overall user experience that Windows 8 delivers.  And over the coming selling season, I think that’s very encouraging and we’re optimistic about that.
Peter Klein: I think broadly, in improving our position in tablets, and generally in devices, there’s five or six dimensions ranging from what we’re doing with OEMs on the devices and the range of devices, and how they can have a range of price points.  What the chips can do, because I think that’s a part of it.  Both first party and third-party apps, and we’ve seen improvements across the board there.  The user interface, and how we’re innovating across the user experience.  And then distribution So if you start sort of from the bottom up, all the way to when you buy the product, we’re working across all those dimensions.  And on the device side, we are working closely with the OEMs to help them take Windows 8 and show it off in all its glory, across different form factors.  I talked about new smaller form factors and how Windows 8 can innovate to improve that experience. So I think the biggest thing we’re doing is helping them develop new and improved user experiences across the board, across size, across price point, and deliver a really compelling Windows 8 experience.  And it’s not just the devices, like I said, it’s chips, it’s the apps, it’s the buying experience, it’s the user interface.  So we’re really focused on all five or six of those dimensions going forward.
Peter Klein: We are seeing that, particularly in our transactional business, in MBD, as people move from what may have been a transactional to a perpetual license, where the revenue is recognized up front, to a subscription service, where it’s recognized ratably.  So you’re basically deferring the rest of the term of the subscription.  So in the short term, you’ll be deferring revenues that were not in a subscription, and would have been recognized immediately. And as the subscription business is growing, you’ll see that impact growing, but over time, what you’ll get is what looks like an annuity revenue stream, that’s more predictable and has higher customer satisfaction and probably higher retention rates going forward.  But in the short term, that will impact mostly in the transactional side of the MBD business.
Peter Klein: Gross margins, as you know, are always going to be a function of mix.  And so depending on where you are in the quarter, the biggest driver of what your gross margin is going to be is mix.  So if you have a big hardware quarter that has low gross margins, that will impact it. The biggest things that are going to impact the mix are going to be hardware, cloud services, and enterprise services, or people services.  It is a fact that we are starting to get scale in our cloud services, and so the growth that we’re seeing in Office 365 is really coming at an improved margin as we scale that out. So within each, we made progress, and then overall, in any given quarter, for the company it’s going to be a function of mix.  So obviously in a holiday quarter, where you sell a bunch of hardware, that will have an impact on gross margin. But I think one of the main takeaways for me is in particularly some of our cloud services, we’re really starting to get scale. Bing continues to improve, their margins.  And Office 365 is really starting to get to scale.  So those things are really encouraging.
Peter Klein: Great question.  It’s clearly a key enabler of our cloud OS story, and how we’re driving what we’re doing with enterprise in the data center.  We have infrastructure as a service, we have now the most complete end-to-end offering through platform, and software, identity, and access. But having the infrastructure is a key enabler, and I think a real accelerator for the Windows Azure strategy, and really more broadly the cloud OS strategy.  We now have a complete end-to-end story through the data center, from private, to hosted, to public, from infrastructure to platform, so I think it’s, again, a key enabler of that [all up] strategy, and an accelerator.
Peter Klein: The answer is that it will depend, and certainly an offset between attach gains we’re making against the market, offset against some deferrals as revenue moves to a subscription.  And so it will kind of depend each quarter.  Long term, it’s a great trend, because we’re building up a banked book of business on the subscription side, which will become less and less connected to the PC market.
Peter Klein: I think about the economy, and then I think about the value proposition of our products.  Clearly there are tough spots in the economy.  I think enterprises and CIOs are looking for what they’ve always been looking for, which is how do they get the best value for their dollar to move their businesses forward. And I think we have a very good story in terms of the value that enterprises and small and medium businesses get from the capabilities that they can get from us, particularly in the data center, with SQL.  And as you compare SQL Server to competing products, the performance that you get relative to the price is really a compelling value proposition, and that’s what’s been enabling us to take share.  The same on virtualization as well. And so I think for us, it’s a combination of having the most complete roadmap for getting to the cloud, as well as the best collection of products that have price performance characteristics that are attractive to CIOs that are allowing us to have growth in our enterprise business, particularly in server and tools.
Peter Klein: On your first question, there wasn’t anything abnormal in terms of the trends during the quarter.  On your second question, the upgrade cycle, particularly for businesses, will be interesting over the next year.  I think over the longer term, what’s more interesting is the long term evolution we’re seeing in the device market, which I think is actually going to be more of a driver than any temporal upgrade cycle.  Innovation is happening faster, people are getting new experiences and new form factors. I think that’s what Windows 8 was designed to take advantage of, and so I think about the opportunity more about the new capabilities and the new services, and the experience that people can get on their devices and different kinds of devices, than it is about an upgrade cycle that’s driven by something else.
