Satya Nadella: Thank you, Keith. I'll take that, and Amy you can add on to it. Overall, what we see is pretty strong demand signal. And quite frankly, going into the pandemic, we saw demand increase because of the constraints the pandemic put on corporations and the increased consumer activity.  And then coming out of the pandemic, we are seeing actually a lot of constraints in the economy, and the only resource, as I said in my remarks, that can help drive productivity while keeping cost down is digital tech. So when I think -- take something like Power Apps, it's just a great example of something that's right in the middle of our stack, really helps drive that next level of productivity in the labor force for any company in any industry. And so the demand signals we see across the stack from security to our cloud infrastructure to business applications and solutions like Teams is very strong.  And the other area, obviously, we're seeing strength is in gaming. That's where we have doubled down in terms of our consumer category creation. And we see the intensity of usage and the business model diversity around games that increasingly, the economics of gaming franchises is also radically becoming much more software-like. So we sort of overall see good demand signal across the stack.
Satya Nadella: I mean, there's definitely a very competitive talent market and we are competitive in that talent market. And you see it even in our OpEx projections that Amy shared. We are growing our headcount because we see the opportunity. We are not immune from what happens overall in the labor market, but I think we have a good brand and an attractive brand to both get people and to retain people with everything that we are doing. So - but at the same time, we do want to make sure that in our channel and our ecosystem remain healthy and all the signals at least we are getting is that there are no constraints per se other than at the end of the day, all businesses are going to be subject to the laws of economic growth in the overall economy.
Satya Nadella: Thank you for the question. So the way we see this is as an opportunity in a very classic Microsoft sense, both at the platform infrastructure level and in the application level. So that's why I think even in my remarks, I tried to reference, all the places where we are investing today and seeing customer use cases really develop. At the first place where we see this is the increasing digitization of people, places and things to be able to really help businesses automate processes to the next level. And so today, between Azure IoT, Digital Twins and Mesh, we have many examples where customers are engaged with us. So that's what will show up in Azure and we're investing significantly there. Up the stack, I would say, Dynamics 365 Connected Spaces. That's a solution that's in preview today. That's about really being able to take a retail space or a connected factory or a building and essentially create a complete new software category, which is about managing physical processes, just like CRM and ERP and supply chain management, we now have a suite which is all driven by connected spaces, which is going to automate physical processes. Teams is going to have Mesh meetings. So these immersive meetings, which will start, first of all, on 2D screens, whether it's PCs or phones and then lead up to even immersive experiences if you wear your VR or AR goggles. So that's not of the place. And then, of course, gaming. That will be a natural place for us. And today, if you think about the activity when I talked about the Forza numbers, right, I mean, that's a place where you could say already, people are investing in their avatars. People are building Minecraft worlds. And so very naturally, you can see us extend gaming as the metaverse evolves. On the devices side, one of the things we are very excited to be doing is what we're doing with HoloLens and all the experience we're gaining on the optics, on the silicon side and all the way to the cloud in terms of some of the foundational services driven by all the HoloLens use cases in the enterprise. So that's the broad portfolio. We're going to invest across the entire tech stack. The demand will come in different forms for different categories, but we feel very well positioned to be able to catch. What, I think, is essentially the next wave of the Internet, right? Just like the first wave of the Internet allowed everybody to build a website, I think the next wave of the Internet will be a more open world where people can build their own metaverse world, whether they're organizations or game developers or anyone else.
Satya Nadella: Great set of questions. On the first one, I think it's, first and foremost, we absolutely need the skills and the people. And for the people to be sort of more evenly distributed in the broader economy, public sector, private sector, people who are working on behalf of small businesses because absolutely, as digital tech becomes more pervasive across IT as well as OT across the economy, I think the cyber threat is just going to be more pervasive and so therefore, we need other people on the skills. And we will do our power to sort of make sure that, that happens in terms of democratizing even how 1 acquires these skills. That's kind of where not that we have to take a broader definition of what these skills are and how one can acquire the certifications. And this is where what we're doing even with LinkedIn, I'm very, very bullish on.  On the product side as well, like something like Sentinel, I do believe, for example, we are now doing very large-scale AI on all of those signals that go into our cloud-native SIEM. And that, I think, is going to help sift through signal from noise and help the productivity of the cyber professionals in any organization. So we are excited about how that workflow gets more efficient. To your point, one of the fundamental responsibilities for us as a platform company is to bi-design. It's all about shifting left on security and building it in to the products. And if anything, when we think about our monetization, our monetization is about really recognizing that the real world is not some homogeneous Microsoft infrastructure world. It is a multi-cloud, multi-platform world. And we will definitely monetize those aspects that we have best-of-breed solutions and suites and offerings. And by the way, as I said in my remarks, the people who are adopting the Microsoft solutions are saving 60%. And so to some degree, there is real time to value and cost savings for anybody who's using our solution. So we're going to be very, very mindful of our responsibility as you said. At the same time, we think we have a security opportunity in being able to secure the entire heterogeneous digital estate of our customers.
Satya Nadella: Yes. I mean, the -- as I said, some of the contours of demand will change. For example, one of the solutions I highlighted is, coming out of the pandemic, we built in Dynamics a Supply Chain Insights module. We were seeing significant demand for what was our customer insights module going into the pandemic because everybody needed to deploy essentially their online presence and use customer data to be able to reach customers, and that's how commerce happened during the pandemic. Coming out of the pandemic, we were hit with supply chain issues. So supply chain insights became the most important thing. So that's where the demand picked up. So as I look at our portfolio, we are seeing a slightly different set of solutions. Same thing with Power Platform, right? When you are sort of saying we have a labor force shortage and we need to do more with less, guess what, you turn to more automation tools, and that's where something like Power Platform, especially given you can even train your first-line workers to be able to be app builders and automate workflows. That's proving to be a productivity driver. So we are seeing differences in demand. I think the stable state here would be the structural shift that's happened because of the pandemic combined with even some of these constraints, whether there's supply shocks or others will hopefully go away. But the 1 thing that isn't going to go away is the need for increasing levels of digitization, both in terms of tools that people use to improve the productivity of your OpEx and the COGS you have in your enterprise will probably now have a digital component to it because that's where the leverage of cost will come. So that's what we are betting on. As a percentage -- I always go back to that simple formula. As a percentage of GDP, what is IT spend broadly defined and what is it going to be a year from now, 2 years from now, 5 years from now, 10 years from now? It's just going to be more. And we've got to do a good job of seeing the trends before they're conventional wisdom and gaining share. And so that's where we will remain focused.
Amy Hood: And Mark, maybe just add one bit of perspective to Satya's answer, which is I would bring people's attention to the holistic nature in which he answered the question, starting at the platform layer all the way up through the importance of content and app layer in that the investment will show itself in each component as opposed to maybe in one stand below group or team. And it's because I think of the transition Satya just talked about. If it’s that -- if it's at the platform layer and it applies to all the components, it's better to do that, frankly, across the teams where they can apply it in the right way. And I think that's how I would point to the investment showing itself.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. Interestingly, I would not say that there is 1 location, and I would tie that back to the answer actually Satya gave to Keith's first question, which is if the underlying driver is digitization and our belief that it impacts every industry, every end market, then you'd expect it and the nature of the commitments to show themselves on a global basis and across end markets. And that is, in fact, what we saw in Q2. I continually point out, these can be a little volatile because we really focus on getting the right deal done that matches the customer can move around a little bit as I talked about in Q1. But the execution was very good by the sales team this quarter, but I would not characterize any geo or industry as being different or distinct from others. And for a second, let me then connect that, as you asked, into how to think about the guide for Azure on a constant dollar basis being up sequentially into Q3. I sort of continually remark that these can move around a few points here and there and yet have the consistent sign of consumption be steady. And we saw that again, frankly, Q1, Q2, Q3, consumption growth by end market, by industry, by customer size has remained quite steady. And so while you'll see some volatility in that number, increased data usage, the data products have really been a strong performer. I think South mentioned some of those in his comments. So I do think in some ways, they're connected, but I tend to put bookings execution on the Azure side into a long-term commitment bucket where customers are picking a partner to help them change the cost structure or the outcome structure that Satya talked about. And I tend to put these trend lines on Azure into a bucket called, "Are we getting projects and successful projects set up at customers around the world?" And both of those things were very good by the sales teams.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. I think it's really a combination of things as it is when you go through a fiscal year. Really, I believe that our execution in a very good demand environment has given confidence. Revenue performance has been quite consistent to your point. We have seen some continued upside in OEM. We've seen strength in gaming. We've seen strength in our Microsoft Cloud products. We've seen good consistency out of Dynamics. I mean, at some level, if you really wanted to look at the trend lines, you'd say this has been a very consistent execution by the team across really both of the business units. And so if you think about then what goes into confidence is when you start to add headcount and you add headcount with goals of ROI and you look at that accountability, I feel like the teams have done a nice job. Where we've added heads, they've been into strong markets. They've executed well. Sales teams have done the same. And then on top of that, Karl, I would say there's been good execution on the gross margin numbers. I tend to be an operating margin-focused communicator with you all and inside the company. But gross margins have also been quite good. The teams have executed well on cost purples through the year.
Amy Hood: Sure. Let me take a shot at that 1, Phil. This is 1 where we do have -- it is a P times Q that I think we try to disclose, but there's a couple of currents running through that, maybe take a second to walk you through those. Absolutely on seat growth, I think we are encouraged as we focus on more products that are more specific to the unique scenarios that face small businesses and frontline workers and really bringing the value of Microsoft 365 to them. I think you're even seeing that in offers like Teams Essentials, right? It's a concerted effort to realize the challenges can be different in that part of the market and improving our execution. You're seeing that in continued seat growth over, I would say, I feel good about those numbers, over the past probably 6 quarters with continued good execution on those. Now however, those do often come at lower revenue per month that we would see in our enterprise businesses buying the full suite of products. So in some ways, this very strong seat growth at the frontline worker and small business units do mask some of the progress that we've been making, in particular, I'm thinking offers in the enterprise value props that are really resonating and E5, and Satya may bring up some other ones. He mentioned quite a few in his comments, security, compliance and increasingly, voice as a value prop. And so sometimes, to your point, increasing seats at lower average price points can mask a bit of progress that we're making on ARPUs in the enterprise.
