Satya Nadella: Thanks, Phil, for the question. The way we think about Cloud is how I described it in my remarks, which is it's the combination of the work we're actually doing in the SaaS, PaaS, IaaS and also our hybrid cloud layer, because we don't think, for example, of our servers as a distinct part, but it's, in fact, the edge of our cloud and we're building for that with things like Azure Stack. So we think what we have done here by bringing these things together as one architecture for distributed computing and how people will consume applications and build applications in the future, we speak to more of the real-world needs, I think, of an IT organization or a business organization that's trying to transform through digital technology. I mean, if you put yourselves as a CIO of an organization -- in a multinational organization, and you want to operate in multiple geographies with different regimes for data sovereignty, and then you want to be able to take some workloads, move them all to the cloud, some you want to be able to tier with the cloud. That's the kind of flexibility we provide. And we also see network effects between -- if you're using Office 365, you want to extend the data in Office 365 by building applications that join it with some other data inside of our Data Lake service in Azure. Obviously, Azure becomes a natural choice for such application development, and we're increasingly seeing that. So that's really our strategy. Our strategy is not to compete in these constituent parts independently with different competitors. It is to bring one architecture and really drive the value for our customers because of that. 
Satya Nadella: Yes, I mean, the thing that we sort of notice is that with anyone who's moved to the cloud, there is a real opportunity for us to expand to multiple workloads over time because it's a design win. It's like essentially an ISV win in the client/server area, where you could get someone to build on your core infrastructure, they build their first application, and it turns out that once you've done that, you would want to look at our infrastructure for a second workload and third workload. So that's one side of what's happening with the expansion. The other side of the expansion is what I also referenced, which is if you're an Office 365 customer, you have data in Office 365. You want to build applications that tap into that data, then you use Azure. So that's the other piece. The EMS growth is also very much related to that, which is if you deploy Exchange Online, you have Azure AD and then the natural expansion from there is the full EMS suite with device management for all your mobile devices and also Advanced Threat Protection and what have you. So we see those -- both those trends of -- from an application workload development synergy as well as infrastructure from identity management, device management workout. 
Satya Nadella: Yes. The thing, Heather, the move to the cloud has done for us is expanded the market opportunity that we have had more than ever before. In some sense, if you compare it to the TAM of STB versus what we now describe as Intelligent Cloud, we are operating in a much bigger market. And that's because, first of all, the move to the cloud combines a whole bunch of different categories, as well as take something that you mentioned, which is Linux. We now have the ability to take Linux workloads and run them first class and over 20-plus percent of Azure is Linux workloads, which is sort of a growth opportunity we tapped into with the cloud, which we didn't have previously. And even take something like EMS, which is a service, you could say in the past, we participated with Active Directory. But we -- and some amount of System Center. But now, with the growth of actually mobile devices and SaaS applications, our opportunity with EMS is much bigger than anything that we had in the client/server era. So clearly, we are migrating some workloads, and structurally, some of that helps us because we had that position in the client/server space. But when we look at what we are doing in the cloud, it's mostly about attaching to one of the secular growth trajectories going forward, be it open source Linux development, mobile use and SaaS applications. So those are all things that we participate in, which we didn't participate in the past. 
Satya Nadella: The opportunity, I believe, in both cases is high because it just comes in different forms. IaaS growth comes because people already have existing code that they want to move over and then they start extending by writing more PaaS because it's sort of more efficient for them to write new code and new apps in PaaS. So I think that depending on what -- if you're bringing something over, your IaaS will be heavy first and then PaaS will grow. If you're starting new, you will have PaaS, which is going to be the first thing you do, but then you'll always find the need to go integrate with something that was already existing, existing data, existing code in a virtual machine. So I, myself, in fact, one of the things that Amy and I do is when we think about our CapEx, we think about all these layers together. In fact, we amortize our CapEx across all of these, and we pay attention to margin and premium mix because what we have come to understand is customers, depending on where they start, how they start, have different mix profiles. So it's the all-up as long as we're growing our premium services attach and margins for those remains strong. We feel that the mix can be different and it's okay. And we really want to speak to the needs of the customers more than any product strategy goal we have. 
Satya Nadella: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, you're absolutely right. That was one of our biggest strategic objectives was to get active devices and with store integrated into the install base and in the user experience so that we could increase the success for developers. And we're seeing good early signs. In my opening commentary, I talked a little bit about both the increased visits to the store and transactions as well as the fact that we are attracting new applications from developers, like Netflix to Wall Street Journal to others. And as you can imagine, our share is today in desktops, in emerging in tablets, in 2-in-1, and of course, now with Xbox as well, which has got great attraction to gaming developers. And so those are the natural places, where you will see us gain more developers and gain more traction. We are big believers in a unified developer platform and a unified store. And then as Windows 10 monthly active devices increases and the store usage increases, we'll see more and more developers take advantage of it. 
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Kash, for the question. I thought the upgrade momentum, the fact will we crossed 200 million active devices, we feel very, very good about that. And the pilot, the most -- the place, which in the second half is going to be a huge focus for us, is the enterprise deployment. And that's where I think there's real excitement because of some of the core capabilities of Windows 10 when it comes to security, manageability that I think is going to create great value for enterprises and that's showing up in all the pilots. And the accelerate -- I've never seen a Windows release in the enterprise with this level of accelerated deployments -- deployment plan. So we obviously need to do a great job in continuing to push that, and we are focused on it. As far as Surface, Surface is playing an increasing role for us in both consumer as well as in the enterprise market. And also, we just -- we created a new category of 2-in-1s, where even our OEMs are finding success, which was one of our strategic objectives of doing the Surface. And so overall, we do think that this tablet that can replace your laptop is ideally suited for productivity needs, which means it's great for your personal use as well as your use inside of the enterprise, and we continue to see good growth. 
Satya Nadella: I mean, I think there are 2 aspects of it. We have a good operating system release for the core desktop user. And second, I believe, is that we also expand out into new usage patterns. If you look at even the thing that we're seeing is in terms of engagement with the browser or things like Xbox LIVE, with the store or new device categories like the 2-in-1, all I think make it much more possible for users to engage with Windows in more mobile formats and in more productivity scenarios. So I think it's the combination of all of that. But it starts with having a good product truth which Windows 10 does deliver on. 
Satya Nadella: Yes, I'll start and Amy, you can add. I mean, I think that's right. Last time we talked about the 60 million monthly active users for Office 365 and that continues to grow. In fact, there is always, I think we also talked about how we get licenses sold and then -– or subscriptions sold, and then there's deployment and there's always lumpiness as well as increased deployment that happens once the users migrate. And we'll continue to track that and we'll continue to disclose those numbers as they come along. But I feel very, very good in the growth of that. And I think the best proxy for you really beyond any numbers we talk about in terms of monthly active is our capital, because if you look at what we do is we spend our capital only to really fuel the growth or to service the growth of usage across Office 365 and Azure and you see that increasing. And then in terms of the margin profile, I mean, the entire story of having the E3 mix first to be high and now E5, that's the thing that Amy talked about, which is we now have good premium tier value in all of our products in Office 365 that's most evident with E3 and now E5. Even in Azure, we have things like EMS. We have our data services, even our developer services. So I think all of -- both of our cloud products, the major cloud products have these premium tiers that the mix shift to those or the addition of those is something that we're focused on, and we see in our results. 
Satya Nadella: Let me sort of speak to it in generic terms because I don't think we have sort of quantified it as narrowly perhaps just to address those specific moves we made. But overall the way we have thought about it is, we want to make sure the Office subscription both to consumers as well as to enterprise subscribers is valuable across all of their devices because it speaks to the vision that we have, which is the cloud is what enables the mobility of the human experience across all of the devices in your life, because increasingly, there will be more devices. And we want to make sure that we are adding value and if we add value in that context, you will be more inclined to retain or purchase the Office subscription. So that's been our goal, and that's working well and it sort of shows up in our all-up growth. And similarly with Azure, we are making sure that as people are tapping into the cloud and moving to the cloud, we can get all workloads to be as first class as on Azure so that's why we've done the deals with Red Hat. We even did previously deals with Oracle. So Azure is a complete open platform where, of course, you can run all the Windows workloads, the .Net workloads, but we are increasingly seeing the open source workloads, the Linux workloads, the Oracle workloads, the SAPs and what have you and more interestingly the mix of all of them because it's -- the enterprise is heterogeneous, it has been heterogeneous. We participated only in a portion of it. Whereas with Azure, we can participate as the total open platform. And that's how we thought about it, and that's what we're executing on. 
Amy Hood: And Phil, let me quickly cover, I think, your gross margin question. You're right. We did actually make significant progress in both Azure as well as Office 365. And then the mix of those obviously impacts the overall commercial cloud gross margin. What's important, the dynamic's actually quite similar even though the services are quite different. There are really 2 fundamental components to gross margin improvement. Number one is obviously scale efficiencies and where we are in that curve, which we are doing and continue to make consistent improvement in. The next obviously is the mix of premium services. And Satya talked about some of the increasing mix of premium services in Azure. That's been encouraging, especially in existing customers over time and through adoption curves. And Office 365, as you know, we continue to be excited by our premium mix in the Commercial segment. So those 2 combinations each quarter impact it as well as the overall. 
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent, for the question. The geos I specifically called out obviously, are where we are the most impacted and they are the bigger geos. But really I think the focus that we have here is how we can best execute no matter what the macro environment turns out to be, focus on our own execution, focus on continuing to drive cloud services, focus on continuing to drive annuity mix. Those movements actually, and as we help customers transform, is really the best plan in the face of any uncertainty, which you're clearly asking me about. But I tend to probably focus more on what we can control versus the external environment and how we can best react to that. 
Amy Hood: That was impacted, Mark, in the prior year by some integration and restructuring charges on the cash flow statement. 
Amy Hood: Sure. A couple of things, Walter, which I know you recall. We do have a bit of lumpiness in our explorations, as I said on the call. This was a big exploration quarter for us. And so on occasion what that does even with the negative currency impact on C&B is have a bit of lumpiness over time. Now that being said, I want to point to the core, which is that renewal rates were very good in a big quarter. There was very strong performance on that front, very strong performance in moving customers to annuity as well as to the cloud. So aside from a bit of the lumpiness that you do note and we have from time to time, the execution in the quarter was very strong. 
Amy Hood: The way I would think about that one, Walter, is, in general, our premium or enterprise workloads across Windows, SQL, System Center, et cetera, grew double digits. And so some of that weakness frankly is in the non-annuity and very transactional business, which happened to impact Windows Server a bit more than other workloads. And that is where macro pressure on occasion shows itself first is in some of that non-annuity lumpiness. So that's the nature of that comment. 
Amy Hood: Sure, Karl. In Q2 -- let me talk about 2 key ones. Number one is really the device launches. We actually launched a very broad portfolio of devices into the quarter, with Surface Pro 4, Surface Book, Band 2 and the Lumia 950 and 950 XL. And so between all of those hardware products as well as our gaming performance, and other sort of hardware component in quarter, we did a little better than we had expected in our launches. Now when you launch mid-quarter, there's always some timing aspect to that. But I feel very good about the execution of those, and that is a meaningful component of that outperformance. The second one, which I talked about, is OEM Pro. We did a little better in the quarter than I expected, but inventory levels are a little higher. I expect to work through that in Q2 -- I mean, Q3. And that was a couple of points of impact, for example, on OEM Pro in quarter. 
Amy Hood: Well, it's similar drivers. In that segment, there's also some topics I tend to not get asked about in Q&A. Let me take the opportunity to talk about them, which is one, our search performance continues to be very good. Frankly, our display business has been quite good. And if you go beyond that, I feel good about our gaming business sequentially. I feel good about the hardware, especially the Surface performance as we launch into more geos. And so if you think about all those components, which actually were very similar to Q2 in terms of their strength. You see them again in Q3. And so I'm not sure there's anything "new", Karl, I would say other than that bit of mix between OEM Pro, a little bit pulled into Q2 versus Q3. 
Amy Hood: I would just add one thing is that we've actually announced a number of important partners to help us take the Surface portfolio into commercial customers. I think we'll expect to see progress on that over the course of the year. 
Amy Hood: That's right. I would just add that we did see that premium mix go up at Office 365 on the commercial side as you were noting. And really E5 has only been in market for the last month of the quarter. We're excited about the number of customers that are trying it and that all the value it offers, but I would expect that to sort of be a longer-term evolution as opposed to in Q2. 
Amy Hood: Yes. In my guidance comments, I talked a little bit about that. On the Pro side, as I mentioned, we'll have a couple of point impact that will make a difference between that on the Pro side. And I would expect -- I think we actually even talked about that last quarter that the RPL delta, which we've seen in Q1 and Q2 would go away in Q3 and Q4 and it would trend much more similarly to the overall consumer PC market. 
