Satya Nadella: Sure. Thanks Mark for the question. I think, overall, in terms of the Azure momentum, it's sort of the thing that we have seen even in the previous quarters so, which is we have a stack that is from infrastructure to the PaaS services, that's fairly differentiated. I mean, I went through some of the things that we even announced at our Ignite conference. Take something like Azure Arc. The fact that we have a control plane for hybrid computing that is multi-cloud, multi-edge, that's a pretty differentiated aspect of it. And the data side, both on the transactions, on the OLTP side as well as on the analytics side, we now have cloud-native databases, and Azure Synapse, I think, is a very competitive product. So that's what you see play out in terms of a customer adoption and the growth there. xCloud, I think, is a great workload. I mean, we’ve always had the mantra of first party equals third party, whether it is any of the workloads internally, it is really helping us understand the new patterns, which then of course third parties can use. And you can see that even in terms of how Sony will use some of the same infrastructure capabilities. So, we are excited about what xCloud teaches us, but more importantly, we're excited about how others in the ecosystem can use the same capability for their streaming needs.
Satya Nadella: Yes. First of all, thanks, Keith, for the question. We are very, very excited about what's happening with the developer offering. I mean, at some level, I think of what we're doing between Visual Studio and Azure DevOps and GitHub as effectively coming together as a compelling developer SaaS solution in the same class as any other SaaS solution from Microsoft around productivity and communication, because as one of the data points I love to use is the number of developers in the non-tech sector is now more than in the tech sector. This is software engineers and that's going to only increase in the world going forward. So we want to build the best tool chain. After all, that's who we are as a company. We love building tools for developers. And so -- and by the way, we're not focused only on Azure. For developers who use our tool chains, they can target any cloud, any edge device, and so this is not sort of means to some end. We've always been clear about it. It's an end to itself. But that said, of course, having this tool chain will help us overall, both with essentially what is, by itself, high-margin tools as a SaaS business as well as, of course, developers who are going to be in our ecosystem. But we want to stay true to that ethos of open source, GitHub and do the best tools. In fact, just this last quarter, you saw even some of the tools being adopted by Facebook engineering and that's, I think, a testament to the progress that's been made by Microsoft.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, and I would say when we think about whether it's our R&D and operating leverage there or sales or CapEx for the cloud, we don't separate out these categories of IaaS, PaaS and even SaaS. I mean, just to put it practically for you, we might do an infrastructure service around IoT. We then have PaaS services around IoT. We have apps around IoT and Dynamics 365. Similarly, we have the xCloud and Game Pass subscriptions and we have the streaming capability in Azure. So we think about our investments holistically in that sense, and I think that's what's going to define the long-term margin profile of our company is how well we manage all layers and collectively get leverage across the investment.
Satya Nadella: Yes, thanks for the question, Mark. My comment was mostly around deployment engagement, the depth of engagement. There are very few types of products which have these platform effects. Teams is a scaffolding that is obviously related to messaging, which has significant usage. It's also driving usage of the rest of office, because rest of office gets integrated in the usage patterns around channels. It's obviously used in meetings. It's also the place where business process workflows in context of messaging happen and both for knowledge workers and first-line workers. So when I look at all of that cumulative effect, it's much broader than any other user experience scaffolding and in terms of its ability to drive that type of platform effect and engagement. So we're excited about it. And we continue to see that, and you saw that in my remarks as well.
Satya Nadella: Yes. No, great. Thanks, Phil, for the question. Let me start, and then Amy, you can. I mean, we are very excited about what's happening with Dynamics 365 in particular, because when I look at what the world needs is it needs a business application suite that is more comprehensive. That can turn what is the real currency of this next era, which is data into predictions, insights and automation without boundaries. I mean, take even the Canada Goose, example that I had in my remarks, which is actually a pretty fascinating story of how they've been able to take the end-to-end nature of Dynamics 365, and really bring together the manufacturing, wholesale and retail operations to the next level of efficiency. That's I think, what is needed. And the way, we have architected it on top of Azure, its cloud native in terms of its use of databases. It's for example, all these insights modules, I referenced and you'd referenced are all built on Azure Synapse, so it's sort of deeply integrated into Azure. It integrates into LinkedIn. It integrates into Microsoft 365, Power platform the extensibility model for both Microsoft 365 and Dynamics is the same, which is Power platform. And that's a pretty – no, there's no such thing as a canonical business and no such thing as a canonical business over time, right? The business processes change. The question is how rapidly can people and domain experts keep up with the change and that's where Dynamics 365 absolutely shine. So we're excited about what's happening there. You mentioned a point about Sidecar. We think that, that's a very legitimate use case. There is a new category, in fact and a new race starting with CDP, and we are leading. And so I feel excited about that as well.
Amy Hood: And, Mark, to your question on -- a little bit about the reacceleration in the Azure growth rate, let me divide that into its components. We did have a very good and healthy, broad-based consumption growth, especially in IaaS and PaaS. I think, actually, Satya touched on one of the important parts that we started to see this quarter was not only good workload migration work, strong growth in the optimization of the workloads already running, but also some of these new PaaS workloads like Synapse and Cosmos DB and Arc are really starting to add some momentum in that part of the stack as well, which is important. The SaaS component or the per-user component also tends to be where you'll get some variability as well. We did have a good SaaS component quarter in addition to the healthy base, and that does result in some movement in that number from quarter-to-quarter. And in particular, I think Microsoft 365 suite actually, and the momentum we've got in security and management and mobility is a big contributor to that. And of course, just the type of contracts that get signed, whether that's for the consumption layer, in particular, can have some impact quarter to quarter in a couple of points. So, there will be some variability in that number, but the underlying fundamentals across both the consumption and per user were quite good.
Amy Hood: And I would just add to that, Keith, this is an important area for us to continue to invest in. The opportunity Satya talked about is at the developer SaaS level. And so whether you see us investing in GitHub or in the Azure tool chain, this will be a place that we'll continue to see as an opportunity for growth.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. Really, when you see the gross margin changes, it all comes down to sales mix. So at a fundamental level, I feel very good about the execution of each service to their -- own gross margin goals. We saw improvement across every cloud service, not just Azure in terms of their ability to deliver growing gross margin as they focus not only on cost, but also on continuing to see ARPU growth and attach growth. So -- and I could say that about many of the product lines, right? I focus on them at the -- what can each products line do to be its best and most competitive? What you saw in H1 and what you'll see in H2 is simply mix in Q2. There was a lot of mix into Windows away from, for example, the console, right, since we're heading into the next console cycle. At a company level, if you thought about what gross margins would have looked like without gaming, it's a couple of points of impact. And as we head to H2, what you'll see is that, the mix will shift a little bit. The sort of end of support impacts tail off, whether that's in OEM or on the server side. And the contribution from gaming as well as other components in our hardware portfolio go up a little bit. So that still does result, as you said, in a higher gross margin implication in Q3, and you'll see that continue to have a slightly different impact as we head into Q4, if that helps to give you a little sense.
Amy Hood: Specifically on Azure, I think the Azure gross margins are trending where we thought they would trend actually on the IaaS and PaaS layer. And they're trending where we thought they would trend on the per user-like assets. And what you're seeing is continued improvement on that trend line that we expected. But you'll also see as we go forward in time, those improvements will flow at the IaaS and PaaS layer. It will get better but the nature and the rate of improvement will flow. And you'll see that increasing mix toward IaaS and PaaS in a way from the per user just as in terms of the opportunity and the TAM. So for the long run, Heather, I think my view is unchanged, frankly, about what that should look like. And, of course, over the same time period, how it would impact commercial cloud gross margins all up. But what -- I think if you separate this from this gross margin implication, it goes to the fact of just how much revenue opportunity exists in cloud. And so if we can continue to capture the revenue growth, continue to meet customer needs and scenarios, pick and thoughtfully invest in industry level solutions to grow those things, I worry less about the mechanics of the GM, which can continue to improve by service and more really about our opportunity to grow revenue.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. What we've seen has been relatively consistent is the drivers on the on-prem side have absolutely been the hybrid value prop and also premium. And they're actually related because ultimately, the really things that we've seen that has value for customers is that flexibility, and so the flexibility to deploy where they need it and when they need it. And if that makes sense on the edge, which some people may call on-prem, and whether that makes sense in the cloud, which people may call Azure were relatively indifferent as long as it meets the customer solution in the way that the solution demands. And so that hybrid value prop, you start to see that flexibility in the data point I gave, which is that one-third of the Windows and SQL Server customers are already starting to use that right to be able to take advantage of that flexibility for their workload solutions. And so those trends, I see is relatively durable. And that's why we talked about, I think, now for a number of years. And I think if we think about the end of support and the tail on that, it was probably two points on IC for the quarter as I called out. So, I feel very good about the underlying trajectory.
Amy Hood: And to your question on OEM, I think what's important is if you try to take out, which is challenging, some of the comments we've had on either chip supply constraints or some of the uncertainty related to the public health situation in China, you would say, what we have in terms of what the cycle would look like compared to prior cycle ends, would actually be quite similar. If not, we probably have a little more opportunity in the mid and small business segment to have the tail last a little longer probably than it did the last time. So we feel very good. We'll still need to work through that as we work through both the situations I've talked about, frankly, now for quite a few quarters and then looking forward. So we'll continue to give you guidance on what we see in the market each quarter.
Amy Hood: Brad, there's not really a good way for me to know that. For me, the way I think about this is a top of funnel. It means that we've got solutions or workloads, where all the corporate developers that Satya mentioned are really starting to make that transition and making decisions for themselves about how to use Azure and how to get to experience it. For me, that is a great sign. We've always said a lot of these hybrid use rights were about investing in skilling and learning and teaching the environment and having the adoption happen for the workloads that make the most sense. And then we can continue to partner with customers to help them through this process and continue to have more meaningful workload transition. So for us, I think I tend to start at the top and say, if we've got more going into the funnel, more opportunities to partner with customers, that's a good thing.
Amy Hood: And to your question on how the Dynamics 365 sort of the excitement we have. When I think about the comment I made around adding workloads, what's so important about what Satya just talked about is, how this reaches into new budgets for us, new opportunity for us in terms of being able to tap growth that we had not been able to access before. And the way, I tend to think about that is not dissimilar from how I think of most per seat businesses. You add a seat and then you add workloads and the more you can do that in terms of tapping into new budgets, that's a great opportunity for us. So I think that's a frame that, I'll start to talk a little bit more about as we learn more about Dynamics 365 and its momentum. This is another place, I would call out, where I do think we can sort of focus and continue to make some investments in H2 based on the momentum we have seen in H1.
