Chris Suh: Thank you, Operator. On our website microsoft.com/investor is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until July 18, 2014. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Before I hand the call over to Amy, I’d like to remind you that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year. Also, unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the cumulative effect of the revenue deferral and recognition related to the Office and Windows upgrade offers, the $900 million charge for inventory adjustments primarily related to the new Surface RT pricing we announced earlier this week and the goodwill impairment charge from last year. You can find the details of the adjustments and reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures in our financial summary slide deck. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Amy.
Chris Suh: Thanks Amy. We want to get to question from as many of you as possible, so please just stick to one question. Operator, please go ahead and repeat your instructions.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Karl. Okay. So that will wrap up our Q&A portion of today's earnings calls. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences and at our financial analyst meeting to be held in late September where we will share more details about our long-term strategies, the organizational structure and outlook for the rest of the fiscal year. Thank you again for joining us today.
Amy Hood: Thanks Chris. Before I discuss our expectations for the first quarter, I’d like to spend a few minutes discussing last week’s announcements on One Microsoft. If you haven’t already done so, I encourage you to read out strategy memo and Steve Ballmer's email to employees. Microsoft is rallying to hide a single strategy. As a part of this, we implemented a new organizational structure that will allow us to advance our strategy more quickly and more efficiently. We are currently in the process of determining what changes, if any, will be made to our reporting segment. In late September, we will host an analyst event, here in Redmond, at which point we will discuss our strategy, our new organizational structure and any changes to our reporting segments. We will also give more thoughts on our full-year outlook at that time. Please look for additional details from Chris over the coming weeks. Now, moving on to our expectations for the first quarter. In Windows, we expect revenues to continue to be negatively impacted by the decline in the consumer x86 PC market. Excluding the impact of the Windows upgrade offer in the prior year, OEM revenue should account for approximately 65% of the division's revenue and should decline mid teens. Non-OEM revenue should account for approximately 35% of the division's revenue primarily reflecting revenue from volume licensing and Surface including Surface RT at new price points. While updating your model, please keep in mind that in the first quarter of fiscal 2013, prior to the launch of Surface, OEM accounted for 75% of the division's total revenue. Within Server & Tools, product revenue including transactional and multi-year licensing is about 80% of the division's total. Our Enterprise services is the remaining 20%. We expect both product and enterprise services revenue to grow high-single digits. In the Microsoft Business Division, we expect business revenue to account for approximately 85% of the division's total. Our consumer revenue should account for the remaining 15%. Business revenue should grow mid-single digit reflecting low double-digit growth in annuity and the shift from transaction licensing to Cloud services. With the ongoing shift to subscription, consumer revenue will lag the x86 consumer PC market by approximately 5 percentage points, even as the tax continues to grow. This excludes the impact of the Office upgrade offer in the prior year. As a reminder, business revenue accounted for 80% of total revenue in the prior year. In the online services division, we expect revenue to grow low double digits reflecting growth in service revenue partially offset by lower display revenue. With the Entertainment and Devices divisions, we expect revenue to decline low-single digits as the industry waits the next generation console. For the first quarter, cost of goods sold will reflect surface as well as the impact of the capital expenditures we made in fiscal 2013. As a result, COG should grow over 20%. Other income and expense includes dividend and interest income offset the interest expense and the net cost of hedging. In the current low interest environment, we expect these items to generally offset. For the first quarter regarding CapEx, we expect continued growth in our investments and our global data centers. Excluding the impact of the Windows and Office upgrade offers, unearned revenue should roughly follow historical seasonal pattern. Now, turning briefly to the full fiscal year, we are reducing our operating expense guidance. We now expect fiscal year 2014 operating expenses to be $31.3 billion to $31.9 billion with growth in the low teens for the first quarter. We expect our tax rates to be between 18% and 21% for the full fiscal year. In summary, as we look back on the year, fiscal 2013 was a pivotal time for Microsoft. With Windows 8, we increased our addressable market. Our OEM partners have started capitalizing on the new opportunities delivering a wide range of new Windows hardware, from phones, the tablets to new PCs. We extended our first party devices through Surface and the announcement of Xbox One. We modernized productivity with Office 365 changing our business model. For the first time, both businesses and consumers can now access Office through subscription. We took share from key competitors and key enterprise markets. We added several new features, including infrastructure as a service capabilities for Windows Azure. With Azure we are fundamentally changing the way businesses manage their IT infrastructure and we continue the expansion of our data center footprint which enables us to deliver high value services and experiences globally. As we look to fiscal 2014, we are focused on a single strategy. With our new organizational structure, we believe we'll be able to execute more quickly and more efficiently driving long term growth profitability and shareholder value. With that I'll turn it back to Chris and we'll take some questions.
Amy Hood: So as we transition to a device services company, I think you need to keep in mind that we expect CapEx continue to grow throughout our business, specifically the Xbox One and the new generation of consoles and launches I think you should think about that, as to think about all console life cycles, and so keep that in mind as you model COGs and seasonality throughout the year.
Amy Hood: Mark, thanks for that question. It is primarily an MBD where we had a higher percentage of our revenue, that was accounted for transactionally both on the business side and in the consumer side. So I think that’s why you’ve seen us in our outlook for Q1 try to start to explain that transition to consumer by saying that we expect to lag the PC market by approximately 5 percentage points while attaching pieces.
Amy Hood: Yes, you can see it when we gave the guidance for the business segment. We said 10% growth on the annuity and so that would clearly say that part of that is a transactional move from recognize upfront revenue to multi-year licensing agreement.
Amy Hood: I will try to remember both of those questions. Let me take the second question as it’s the most recent in my mind. I would not think about this console cycle being any different from prior cycles. So let me go back to the first question, which is can I give examples, I believe we probably think about the transition front, we used to recognize revenue when we bought something upfront transactionally versus buying a subscription from us. I will give an example. If you used to buy a license from us as a consumer and paid up for example $100 for (inaudible), we recognize $100 in the period in which it was purchased. Now if that same person went and bought Office 365 Premium, and once it’s activated, we recognize the revenue over the period of the purchase which is 12 months, we recognize it ratably.
Amy Hood: Let me start by saying Server & Tools had a very good quarter. We continue to win share in virtualization, the SQL Server and could continue to go faster than both Oracle and IBM. Revenue did grow 9%, which importantly far outpaced the underlying hardware market. And over the period of the quarter, we did see the hardware market fundamentally coming a bit lower than we had expected.
Amy Hood: Thanks Heather. I think it’s a great question. I do think that we should think about incentives and all of our programs, including a Small Screen Touch view that we’ve launched, as a way to increase the breadth of our Windows devices available across all price points.
Amy Hood: Thanks Rick. I think like the rest of the ecosystem, we are excited about the advances Intel has made with the fourth-generation core processor. And we’re also looking forward to the next ADAM chip but was launched a little less than a month ago. I think it’s little bit too early for me to say and like to wait and see how the quarter plays out.
Amy Hood: Well, actually I think this is I feel good because I think in some ways the re-org we announced last week along with our increased focus and our new single strategy has allowed us to really look and say what are the things we’re going to put behind and focus to improve our execution. And so I feel quite good about our ability to do that and you heard us say before many of the reasons we did this re-org are about doing things better and more efficiently.
Amy Hood: Thanks Ed. It’s a good question. Every transition to device and services company that is a multiyear commitment to evolve our business. You should expect the CapEx will continue to grow as we ramp that business. With the expansion of Azure service offerings and the continued momentum and Office 365 as well as our consumer services, investing in this global footprint to meet customer demand is incredibly important and quite strategic. And really the question is, our ability to feel smart way and that will create an advantage for us, we can pass along to our customers. And so I look forward to being able to move these datacenters globally to reach more people with more services.
Amy Hood: Yeah. Our -- in Q4 really as we continue to add Azure services, in fact we added over 80 this quarter and with this increase demand of Office 365 and then $1.5 billion annual run rate, up from just a $1 billion in Q3. I would think about that as our ability to increase demand and meet demand globally with our services, and so doing that in Q4 was important, because you want to be ahead of demand there.
Amy Hood: No. I mean, our cash returned $2.9 billion this quarter, I recall for the year and we’ll continue take a balanced approach to capital allocation with those investments, acquisition really make sense and return the capital to shareholders.
Amy Hood: Thanks Kash. Let me address, I think were the two components. The first component, like a general question about margins this quarter for Windows, as you said they were impacted by Surface. And the second one is, by the marketing investment we continue to make in the ecosystem to move forward. Overall, I think, as you think about the Windows division as we reported, obviously since there was mix between hardware and software, you should continue to expect margins to reflect that mix.
Amy Hood: Ross, thank you. It’s always terrific when someone answers their own question. You actually have it exactly correct.
Amy Hood: Yeah. Chris actually covered that a bit in his comment but let me reiterate, because I do understand the question I think, which is relate to our OEM revenue 15%, down 15%. It was related, I believe to China, lower ASPs on the small stream SKU that we mentioned, as well as some of the incentive programs that we had in place during the quarter.
Amy Hood: As we mentioned, our Windows business didn't make incremental progress in the business side. We expect that to continue in Q1. And with the end of life for Windows XP next year, we expect continued migration and today in the Enterprise about three quarters of desktops already run Windows 7.
Amy Hood: Thank you. Actually I think our strong annuity growth, as well as our record unearned balance, I do believe -- support our belief that the strong performance of our multiyear license agreement is in place.
Amy Hood: We have -- I continue to believe we will have double-digit annuity growth next year, so I think that shift you have seen especially if we continue to move people to our Cloud services, will continue.
