Amy Hood: Thanks, Keith. And I do appreciate you asking about that one point, because I do know it is a point of focus every quarter. And what I would say is there is some inherent volatility to that number. A point here or there, you've heard me say it, we've been a point better, and you've heard me say it when we've been a point worse. And I want to focus mostly on what, and how we see the number, which is that it is still a very large growth rate with growth across all segments and with growth across all geos. That was, to the question, generally in line with where we expected. And what we did see through the quarter is a real focus, both by customers, but also by our sales and customer success teams on going proactively to customers and making sure we are helping them optimize their workloads. And as we went through the quarter and as, of course, the macroeconomic environment got more complicated we continued to focus on that, because ultimately, those optimizations bring value even as budgets are still growing and budgeted spend is still growing. And so it's this nuance of you're still seeing digitization. This is still the tailwind that helps customers solve problems. This is still the way to build growth and leverage in your business, and yet you still want to optimize your workloads, you still want to run them the most efficiently so that you can then make room for new workload growth. We saw that across all segments. If there was one segment, well, I may have seen it a bit more, I would say, in the small or midsized segment of the market that tends to be more through partner. We rely on partners to help customers do those same optimizations and prepare workloads. But it is that one point. I know that, people are focused on. But if you step back and say, this is how you drive ultimate share gains and build customer loyalty and help customers grow, I think that needs to be the focus of our teams inside the company and also the partners that we rely on to help customers do that as well. And so as I look forward, there is some inherent volatility to this number. And here, I think you will hear us talk about continuing to invest to make that happen, whether it's in customer success, whether it's in optimizations, whether it's frankly an engineering to help people be able to even have better solutions to optimize against. I do think that will remain top of mind for us even as this remains probably the most exciting opportunity in TAM across infra, data and AI that exist in technology. I don't know, Satya, if you...
Amy Hood: Thanks, Mark. I'll – you're right. Let me go ahead and reiterate part of that, which is that this quarter, as you saw, we did have very good bookings growth. And within the RPO number that you're referring to, we had what we would call long-dated growth, which means we're having and seeing customers continue to sign commitments to the platform, and that goes really to what Satya mentioned is that the plans to invest here remain intact. And so it's about both the optimization that you're talking about, and we are seeing and the guide includes that, and it also includes new workload starting. And those also may not be matched up one-to-one to see sort of a consistent pattern. And that does result in some volatility. The other piece of it, Mark that we didn't talk on before because I was really focused on consumption is that there is per user headwinds as well, right, because we're getting and seeing some of these [loss] (ph) of large numbers in terms of the per seat business. So there's a couple of things going on here Mark again, as you said, a very large base. So it's not just the optimization to new workloads. It's also some per user work as well.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. Maybe this is a chance to talk a little bit about Microsoft 365. I think that's a place where we can talk specifically about the SMB market because we did see continued impact there in Q1, although it was not different than what we saw, frankly, in Q4. In Microsoft 365, what you saw was very good renewal execution. And it speaks to, I think, the value people are seeing in Microsoft 365. We had on-time renewals that were frankly better in Q1 based on expirations than we've seen a year ago. So deals are both getting done and I think getting done on time. They're getting done within a discount range that we feel good about. That's consistent. And we saw a good upsell to E5. So if you think about that as sort of forming the basis of what are we seeing above SMB, that's a good summary. Where we, in fact, saw -- I think we've talked about it, new deal moderation, and I referred to that, frankly, in Q4 as well -- it tended to be in, to your point, the smaller end of the market, small to midsized companies. And it also tended to be through partner, which we had talked about before, Brent a little bit, and I referred to. And it tended to be around selling what is, in fact, some new value that we put into E3. So this is a place where there is some macro impact, but there's also, I think, a better job we can do in our E3 SKU, which is really a core value proposition. We added a lot of value to that SKU in Q4 in terms of security and auto [packaging] (ph) for Windows. It's a great value in the same way E5 is. We landed E5 really well. We've got some work to do on landing E3. So there is some macro, seems pretty consistent, frankly, more than inconsistent with what we saw. And there is some execution that, I think, frankly, we can get better at as well.
Amy Hood: And to your question on energy cost, let me try to provide a little bit of help there. We did not see as big of that. As I said, it's over $800 million for the year. Some of that was in Q1, but the majority of it will be in Q2 through 4. And I think if you want to think about it, it's somewhere 250-ish a quarter. It's not exact, but that would be a decent assumption for the remainder of the year.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. And I shared a little bit on the call, but let me share a little more, because I think it's important in terms of how we think about investment and continuing to invest where we're seeing substantial opportunity and growth. The PC market is cyclical. And we had some great benefits for a couple of years during the pandemic, and we chose not to spend against that favorability over the past couple of years, and it fell to the bottom line, and you saw substantially increased margins over that time period. And we did that potentially because it is a cyclical market. And so in the same way I see it now is that PCs are going to be a tough headwind for us for the year. But overall, the Windows back to the installed base, our ability to grow usage, it's still higher than it was. And that's a good opportunity for us. And so in the same way that we let it fall to the bottom line when we saw a surge, it's important to stay consistent in this down market because when you have type of opportunity that we have specifically in the commercial business and the TAMs that Satya talked about has been some of our most exciting. And you have the opportunity with your customers to gain share, to gain confidence, right? And I think it's important to have a steady hand. Now, let me also say it is not as though we are not responding to the macro environment around cost. As I commented, our sequential headcount growth from Q1 to Q2 will be minimal. It will be about investing where we said we would invest, which is in focused areas. It's about moving headcount to make sure inside the company, we've got it on the highest and most important things. We've added a lot of headcount over the past 12 months. And we want to make sure we use those head count in the most productive way possible, and we're going to do that. And also, we're going to, frankly, lap some investments that we've made at the end of H2, Karl. We closed Nuance at the end of Q3. We closed Xandr in Q4. When we come and lap those, you will see a material decline in OpEx investment. You will also see us start to lap some of the headcount surges that we made last year in key areas. And by then, I feel good that we'll see productivity improvements from the headcount have and our focus. And so it's an ability to say, absolutely, I want to stay consistent, and we'll respond to the macro. It's possible to do both those things, and I think that's what we're doing.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brad. It's a good question because you've continued to see the seat growth, I think, for actually much longer than many of the investors had expected. And it really should continue in some ways because we're focusing on frontline worker scenarios, we're continuing to focus on small size business growth, and we're adding new things to which you can grow, whether that's Viva, whether it's Teams. There's new things that enable us to add relevancy, frankly, and then to add value and then to add seats. And so I don't want to say it has to be, again, this vision of or. So I think you'll continue to see lower end seat growth, which is what we've been seeing. And you will see us continue to focus on the value of E5 and the E3 SKU, where we've added some value, making sure we can still move people to that suite as well. And so you will see, right, over time, long term the seat growth move a little bit, and then you'll see ASPs show up. And it depends a little bit on mix, frankly, each quarter. You saw a little more ARPU in Q4. You saw a little less in Q1 that had to do with some E3 execution in Q1. But I actually think there's room to do both those things, and I felt that way now for a couple of years.
Satya Nadella: Yeah. I mean, I think that's the only thing I would add, Amy, to your point is that obviously, our investment profile here is that this is the largest TAM where we, on a large number, have good growth rates with the kind of volatility you're seeing. So we're going to stay focused on it. And in this particular period, I think we are going to optimize for long-term customer loyalty, by proactively helping them optimize their spend, which I think is the right thing for us to be doing as a company for – on behalf our shareholders long term.
Satya Nadella: Thanks for the question. First, yes, the OpenAI partnership is a very critical partnership for us. Perhaps, it's sort of important to call out that we built the supercomputing capability inside of Azure, which is highly differentiated, the way computing the network, in particular, come together in order to support these large-scale training of these platform models or foundation models has been very critical. That's what's driven, in fact, the progress OpenAI has been making. And of course, we then productized it as part of Azure OpenAI services. And that's what you're seeing both being used by our own first-party applications, whether it's the GitHub Copilot or Design even inside match. And then, of course, the third parties like Mattel. And so, we're very excited about that. We have a lot sort of more sort of talk about when it comes to GitHub universe. I think you'll see more advances on the GitHub Copilot, which is off to a fantastic start. But overall, this is an area of huge investment. The AI comment clearly has arrived. And it's going to be part of every product, whether it's, in fact, you mentioned Power Platform, because that's another area we are innovating in terms of corporate all of these AI models. So, yes, so I think AI is a place where I think we have differentiated capability at an infrastructure layer for training and inference and the model that sells or platforms for third parties and our first-party applications are getting better because of the use of those AI models.
Satya Nadella: Yeah. I mean the way we see it is, overall, macro will mean that everybody is going to optimize their build. In fact, as Amy said, our job number one for large swaths of our sort of even customer-facing organizations is to proactively help them optimize. In fact, our incentives in our customer success teams are lined up with them, helping customers “do more with less”. So that's sort of one side. The thing, though, from a customer perspective, the best way for them to align their spend with what is uncertain demand is to move to the cloud. So we see the value prop of the cloud. So the big winner in all of this will be public cloud, because public cloud helps businesses offset the risk of taking demand risk. The other side, as you described today, is the risk around supply chain or energy costs. And so that's another one best way to hedge against an energy cost and we, in fact, more energy efficient, is to move to the cloud. So that's where I think a little bit of – as you all think about what happens to cloud, for us, we look at this and say, this is a period where cloud gain share because we're still in the early innings of adoption. And so we just want to invest going into it, but that might set and build long-term customer loyalty.
Satya Nadella: Thanks for the question. We are – yeah, our core advertising business has got two elements to it. One is, I'll call it, LinkedIn B2B advertising, where we clearly have a leadership position around both reach, quality of ROI, and will -- of course, it will be cyclically impacted, but we feel that the LinkedIn Engage continues to grow. And as that market comes back, our premium position LinkedIn owned and operated, I feel well very well positioned. We'll continue to invest in that space. The second point is the place where we are, again, very, very focused on. First, starting with our owned and operated. So when we talk about the overall active devices on Windows have grown by 20% over the pandemic. One of the big opportunities it opens up is for us to tick our own and operated inventory, right, whether it is Bing and Search, whether it's the Feed. And those are things that you see some of the growth. We are share takers in the browser. We are share takers in terms of engagement of the feed. And those are things that we are high leverage on top of the installed base that's now structurally changed in terms of growth. And then the third-party with Netflix, we're really excited about that, and we're going to look to grow our -- and first make Netflix a successful partner, but we're going to continue to grow our third-party business on the ad platform. So those would be the three areas: LinkedIn; our own top printed advertising, both search and feed; as well as third-party ad network.
