Satya Nadella: Let me start. Overall what we see is the increasing competitiveness of our products. And I think that’s really what’s reflected in our results. The cloud story I think is fairly clear at this point. The combination of Office 365, as well as Dynamics CRM in particular combined with Azure are driving our cloud growth. As it turns out the technology that we build for our cloud is what we incorporate in our server products, in fact our R&D expense is the same expense. And that’s made our server products very competitive. And so again those our traditional competitors we’re seeing significant share gains across the entire infrastructure line of our server products in particular. And we hope to architected our cloud very differently. We are the only hyper scale cloud provider that also thinks of our server product at the edge of our cloud. So, some of the hybrid capabilities of ourselves have increasing attach and that’s also leading to our overall competitiveness, as well as monetization and margin. And so those are the trends we see in our numbers. We live in the same macro environment as the rest. But right now we’re confident about our competitiveness driving our results.
Satya Nadella: And as far as the used cases, right now it’s actually pretty diversified. We talked pretty extensively about the customer case studies at our cloud event last week. And it turns out that we have ISVs in many cases driving new applications on top of Azure. There are businesses like for example NVC that are reinventing their business models on top of Azure. We have customers using us for true hybrid, if you were deploying for example a SQL server, you can have high availability using Azure that’s a pretty common deployment now using Azure as the backplane for disaster recovery and high availability, that’s for sure is a workload. But at this point I would say, we have emerging ISVs, some of the global ISVs building SaaS applications on top of Azure driving a significant amount of growth of new businesses, the new business models emerging on Azure, as well as hybrid, which I would say are driving. One of the other categories that I see lot of lately is IOT. And the way we participate just on the Azure side, we obviously participate even with our Windows Embedded, but on the cloud side, we are seeing the attach to our emerging machine learning services as well as advanced analytics that’s been one of the place where we are well suited for some of the emerging use cases.
Satya Nadella: Just to add one thing that I’d say is sort of -- to Mark’s question, which is in particular on Azure, we have some commodity workloads but we also have many differentiated higher margin workloads especially in the Enterprise Mobility Suite is what I’d call out is a good example of an infrastructure workload completely in the cloud that has got a very different margin structure. And those are the things that really give us the ability to have good margin structure for our cloud efforts.
Satya Nadella: I’ll start and then Amy I’ll turn it over to you. Specifically on Office 365, the overall product depth and breadth is continuously improving. One of the great benefits of Office 365 that our customers get to enjoy is that as we innovate and launch new features they get to use them as soon as we have got them deployed on our cloud. And so, that’s what’s driving both the competitiveness, as well as usage of Office 365 and quite honestly the full consumption of what we build and which I think in the long run is super important to us and our customers. But it also turns out some of the server products we have as we see increasing adoption of the cloud, we still have as I said very competitive server products, I mentioned a lot of our infrastructure server products, but take something like Lync. It’s a fantastic product, it is again gaining share in the marketplace, it’s getting deployed in on-premise solutions. So, it’s the combination that’s driving our growth. The other dimension we’re seeing is Office 365 is cross-platform cloud service. We see now coverage across all devices and that leads to customers still using the service even more. So that combination of effects, competitive server products, very competitive cloud service with new features being added all the time, as well as cross-platform is what’s driving our growth.
Satya Nadella: Let me talk a little bit about the dynamics we’re seeing in particular with our infrastructure servers, as well as Azure because it is actually pretty unique, I think to at least our product offering. As I said, our servers have become much more competitive because of the same technology investments that we’re making in our cloud. And the used cases that we see in the cloud in many cases happen to be net new workloads, IOT was not driving our server growth traditionally, mobile backend was not driving our servers traditionally. So, a machine learning and advanced analytics of areas we did not participate even in the past. So, one of the things that we have seen is a lot of new used cases of Azure, which were really new Greenfield territory for us. And it turns out that the need for more computing, more storage and more infrastructure server products is much broader than just even the hyper scale public cloud because the one thing that is true is there are more devices in that unit backend. And that backend in many cases in regulator industries with the GEO participation we have is needed everywhere. So one of the things that we are in fact very focused on is enabling others to build their own clouds. So, our private cloud, premium cue mix is also growing you see that in our results. So, at least in the intermediate timeframe, we do not see cannibalization. We see more impact of this hybrid, private, as well as public cloud all being complementary. And of course being used together delivered more value to customers and that’s where our competitive advantage comes. On the Windows side just to finish off. We wanted to make sure that we have competitive Windows ecosystem participation across all the price points. So we made some deliberate changes to our business model and that is in fact playing out in the marketplace where we now have very competitive full Windows PCs less than $199 going into this holiday season. And that in fact in Q1 caused the market to expand. That was really by design and so we are happy to see that. And so on a blended basis, of course the ASPs will be different because of the two ranges. So, but overall that’s what our goal is. We want to be able to make sure that we compete on all price points and overall grow the volume.
Satya Nadella: Yes. I mean it’s absolute perquisite for us to have entirety of our cloud infrastructure plant drive scale economics for us. And in fact, a lot of the core Azure technology around machine management and data center management comes out of our bring efforts. We manage all of the supply chain, all of it is as one supply chain; we do SKU design as one SKU design; we drive costs of both network storage, compute down altogether. In fact you should think of Azure as the common fabric of all our applications. And you look at even some of our games like Halo, a significant usage of our cloud. And that’s what’s really driving some of the economics. In fact the first -- the fact that -- I celebrate the fact that we don’t have just one first party workload because it’s very easy for one first party workload to completely opt if you will the architecture of a cloud. But in our case, we have a very diverse set of workload. We have Xbox LIVE; we have Office 365; we have Dynamics and Bing and that diversity is what allows us to build in fact for our own needs a cloud architecture that then can meet many more workloads and that’s working pretty well for us.
Satya Nadella: I think it will come back to the pre-XP business PC refresh. And so that’s what I think Amy’s comments also reflected and that’s what we expect to have happen in the rest of this fiscal year. The thing that Heather we are focused on is how do we make sure that not only do we -- the incremental value that we have today on Windows 8 gets adopted; there are in fact lots of use cases especially around field devices, mobile workforce where we are in fact seeing great adoption of Windows 8. But Windows 10 is something that’s completely optimized for the enterprise and across all same sizes for the mobile worker, as well as the desktop and large screens. Perhaps one of the most unique things about at least our portfolio and our innovation is that we think that it’s the mobility of the individual not the one device. That is important in the enterprise and that’s what we are building towards with great management and great security. And so we’re pleased with the early feedback we are getting from the first disclosure of Windows 10 and as well as some of the successes we are having with Windows 8 adoption in the enterprise. But the adoption I think will get back to a normal PC Refresh in the enterprise.
Satya Nadella: I mean that’s the biggest opportunity is to be able to get into space. I mean one of the things that I always think about it, for all the success we’ve had in our server business, we were a low share player. And when I look at the total IT spend of that enterprise customers have today. As I said, we’ve not participated in many, many areas, we got even the data set. We have a very good business in SQL Server, we have perhaps the most competitive SQL Server product ever in SQL 2014, which is growing nicely. But if you look at what is secular in terms of growth going forward, it’s data, data management in a variety of new ways. So, those are the opportunities we want to be able to take advantage of by doing some good work both in the public cloud, as well as with our server products. The challenge will always remain at the end of the day for us to make sure that we are bringing together unique offers. One of the things that I want to ask team to be very focused on is to bring uniqueness that only Microsoft can bring it to the marketplace. That’s why it is approach around platform and reinvention of productivity, I believe is what we can do that for sure we’re going to have incredible competition. But at the same time, I think that if you ask anyone, at least in our campus whether we deeply get what it means to reinvent productivity I believe do we get deeply how to take the various constituents from end users IT and developers and harmonize their interest in unique ways so that enterprises can adopt solutions, we get that deeply. So, to me staying with that and staying focused on our unique contribution is perhaps are both on opportunity and our challenge and we will obviously index on the opportunity side.
Satya Nadella: Thanks. The way I see the market when we sort of talk about productivity and platforms, we really don’t make this big distinction between consumer and enterprise and when it takes productivity out, we’re very focused on dual use. In fact one of the pieces of data that Amy and I shared was the growth in the consumer subscriptions of Office 365 even sequentially grew by significant percentage. So therefore, we’re seeing good adoption of our productivity services, specifically in the context of this dual use where people want to use it at home and people want to use it at work. And that’s where in fact a lot of our R&D investment is to make that very seamless. So, to me that’s how we want to drive and gaming is the one category we have said that we will invest in it for its own sake in driving enterprise value out of our gaming. There are in fact lots of benefits which come because of technology. In fact the reason why we are so competitive now in Cortana and speech recognition which I think is core to productivity is it first started with Connect and Xbox. So, we’ll always have those kind of incidental benefits, but really in gaming we want to have our body gaming, Xbox LIVE console and as well as PC gaming thrive and drive more incremental value for us and Minecraft obviously helps in that context. So that’s how we’ll view the future for how we think about our businesses.
Amy Hood: Thanks Mark. As you know, we gave our run rate at the end of last quarter at $4.4 billion and the course we’ve said in our numbers have us on that continued trajectory as we hedge for Q1. So, I think the pace and our accomplishment to share gains remain on a good trend line.
Amy Hood: Thanks Keith. Let me start with the cloud and then I’ll move to your phone question. Overall in the commercial business, I think we continue to see gross margin improvement and that is sustainable improvement as opposed to I think what you characterized as some non-recurring things that I have mentioned. It continues to be improvements in scale, improvements in our infrastructure, improvements in utilization, really strong work across all of our engineering teams here. And so I think our year-over-year improvement as well as sequential improvement and our ability in the overall commercial business, you see the gross margins we did has the mix shift to the cloud, I think we’re all quite proud of. Onto the phone business where I did call out non-recurring items due to the business integration expense. I don’t -- easier way frankly to think about that Keith is our Q4 gross margin and our Q1 gross margin. Q4 was a little depressed is how as we think about it due to some of the restructuring; Q1 is a little bit higher. A more blended rate of those two is probably a better way to think about a go-forward margin. Although when you’re transitioning any business and all the hard work that we’re doing here to prepare ourselves going forward, I do expect to see some volatility in that number.
Amy Hood: And let me try to take the second part of that question, Phil, which is really through the dynamics of the transactional business to move to the cloud and how I think about bridging those numbers. Our Office transactional business was down this quarter and the difference as you said because of the 5% growth is clearly the growth in Office 365 all up. We go to a place I think always I’d like to point two in terms of triangulating when I look at the health of the overall transition is renewal rates, our renewal rates are amongst the highest we’ve had in the Q1, both our ability to recapture both the contract, as well as the revenue and the value and add services is higher than it has been. In addition, we’re seeing premium units added more frequently in the cloud than we have on-prem. And those types of mixes, you will see both bookings number, as well as in the unearned balance growth. And so, while the exact dollars in any given quarter maybe difficult I guess to triangulate on the components. I always look to see help, I’ve outlined there specifically in the Office business.
Amy Hood: And on the overall operating expense and how we’ve managed that. In general, I don’t think about it as control using that types of the word. I think what is perhaps most impressive is that we have managed to continue throughout the quarter whether it’s week-to-week or month-to-month to looking at where is the highest ROI we get from our spend, how can we drive our business forward, both in period but also for the future, it’s just as important for us to balance that. And I think we’ve done a very good job of picking those places and really investing intentionally and aggressively behind places where we know we’re differentiated.
Amy Hood: Great. Karl, thanks for asking that question; it gives me a chance to reiterate how many of those components are bit one-time in nature. The first and the largest issue is the end of the Nokia commercial agreement that’s about $650 million that we earned in Q2 of a year ago that because of the ended the agreement simply goes away. So, I’ll start with that point. The second component relates to the same trend we saw in our IP business that we saw in Q4 then in Q1, we’re doing and seeing again in Q2. So, I would also see that exact same trend line and assessment. The next component which is a change is we have actually launched some of our Office 365 consumer services in Japan, which is a Geo that we had not been in historically. That does result in a revenue to fall, it will end up in unearned. But that’s about $100 million impact that we would not have seen before that. And so, by the time you move all of that out of the comparison group, you really get back to very similar trends in our D&C licensing business that we saw this quarter for what I think was a component to you are focused on which is OEM Pro and OEM non-Pro, which we expect to really resemble the results we saw this quarter and marry -- and to matched up PC business dynamics overall.
Amy Hood: Thanks for the question. I did -- we are proud of the increase in shareholder return this quarter and importantly we’re focused on how we can continue to do that as a part of our overall long-term shareholder growth.
