Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. It's really, as we talked about, transactional weakness in Productivity and Business Process. We're continuing to expect strong annuity growth. We're continuing to expect a strong mix of the cloud. We're continuing to expect ARPU increases, premium mix increases and installed-base growth. So really in that segment, it's the PC weakness in our traditional transactional Office business that's impacting that segment. In Intelligent Cloud, it's a very similar dynamic. We're expecting renewal rates to remain strong as they've been. We're expecting the mix to Azure to continue to grow. We're expecting annuity double-digit revenue growth. And again, it's the transactional weakness that you're seeing overall as well as some -- the very specific geo weakness we saw, which I called out earlier. And in More Personal Computing, the largest change in that segment is frankly the phone. So I would really focus on that in that segment. The rest of it frankly is quite good. 
Amy Hood: Yes, and I think the way that shows itself in our financial results is you'd expect to continue to see the strong mix shift to the cloud. You'd expect to continue to see installed base growth. As even some of the items Satya talked about have more relevance and continue to make us, the value prop higher even in small business, which is where you've seen the user adds. I would continue to expect to see ARPU growth as we see E5 have its impact through the year. And so think about these same dynamics fill for us where we focus on new users and ARPU increases as we shift to Office 365. Those are trends I'd expect to see obviously as we look into '17. 
Amy Hood: The standalone margins on the licensing business have been pretty stable just because transactionally, we understand and continue to bring down the fixed cost base there and any that's required. So I don't feel like you'd expect any material change in those, Mark. 
Amy Hood: Keith, it's a good question. Let me go through a number of factors that really impact transactional business. First, you're right. There's clearly a macro impact, especially on the transactional business. Transactional businesses tend to be more impacted in emerging markets where we have a higher percentage of non-annuity business, transactional business. Those have been the weakest markets in this macro environment. And specifically, some of the geos we called out have more exposure in this place. And so you're certainly seeing the macro impact in the Intelligent Cloud segment and the server weakness is there. And because frankly, we saw that macro weakness, you've even seen it in terms of server shipments, right? If you look at server shipments, you'd say that's actually a macro statement. We didn't see it in any one particular workload. It's weakness across workloads, which tends to make more sense frankly with a macro or a budget IT spend constraint. And so I actually think between those 2 items, it's the biggest impact that we've seen in the quarter. And I expect to see it again next quarter, given I don't think the macro or IT spend environment should change in any way between these 2 quarters. So I think less about it being cannibalistic because so many of the scenarios in this time period we've seen the growth we expected. We've seen it across our premium services as well as core compute. I should also say most of the weakness we saw was in the standard workloads, which I think lends itself to again some of those pressures. We also saw, and I would expect, annuity shifts there, which is the final component. Our annuity numbers and renewal numbers were very good in Intelligent Cloud. And in fact, they came right where we expected in terms of unearned balances. And so for me, I do tend to think it's a bit more of the macro pressure and budget impacts than it is frankly any other statement or execution. 
Amy Hood: Directional -- Karl, thanks for the question. And you're right. In general, let me spend a few seconds on that. You're right. We saw about 200 basis point change this quarter. It's entirely due to the shift to the cloud, both in our Productivity and Business Process segment as well as the Intelligent Cloud segment. Those are the exact same drivers in the gross margin change that we guided to in Q4. And I would expect stability as we've seen it in our More Personal Computing segment. And so as you think about '17, with the continued acceleration of our cloud mix and actually continued momentum in annuity, I would expect to see those same pressures continue to exist. And you're right in that our strong operating expense focus, because really this is the quarter when you've been able to see actually in Q2 and Q3 now, us really pivoting that investment in OpEx to our Intelligent Cloud and the opportunity we see there across engineering sales and marketing. And you're right, we do expect to see and continue to do that as we lead into '17 within the overall envelope I discussed. 
Amy Hood: Thanks, Walter. My philosophical position doesn't change much. I give the guidance that I expect for the quarter, and I do it on the earnings call to the best of my ability. What you've seen this quarter is, in fact, the biggest in-quarter delta for us all the time is the non-annuity performance. And in our -- all of our segments, that is transactional business. That is the most impacted in quarter by budget changes or macro changes. And so the inherent volatility that you are talking about really is about changes in in-quarter that we see and the impact of that. So I don't think it's a philosophical shift. It's just where you see volatility in quarter has always been in the transactional side of our business. The guidance we gave and our annuity positions in terms of renewals and where we saw them were exactly frankly what we expected, with the small exception of the geos that I called out. So I tend to think -- I'll talk a little bit about '17 as I always do, come July, give you all more of a shape to that. But I tend to think -- I'd like to focus on where the company is going, which is cloud mix shift, annuity growth and overall world view of bringing Windows and the ecosystem grow through MPC. 
Amy Hood: Sure, Ross. Let me try to take those -- the first question around, is there anything structural or different in that server product line? Really it has been and is that transactional component. You're right, we continue to see the annuity growth. We continue to see the growth through Azure and the offset to that has been the transactional business. I'm not sure that I would say that there's any structural reason other than this change in my world view other than maybe the budget in macro pressure tends to exert itself on that transactional business. But overall, continuing to see the renewals we've seen, continuing to see the cloud growth we've seen, I'm not sure I think of it as a fundamental trajectory change outside of that component we discussed. In terms of overall rough orders of magnitude, the Intelligent Cloud segment has the least exposure to the transactional business. It's still less than 20%. But that 20%, right, lends itself in quarter to the volatility you see. The Productivity and Business Process segment has a bit more transactional exposure just because it has both the consumer and the commercial Office business, which is more attached on a transactional basis to PC. So it's slightly higher all up. 
Amy Hood: Yes, at a very high level, Kash, let me talk about the opportunity. The opportunity for us across what the cloud mix that's possible for our commercial business and this moment in time that I'm a believer in of where companies are going to change their businesses to rely more deeply on technology than they ever have. I believe that our setup for that is the investments we've been making for the past couple of years as well as the investments we're going to make for the next couple. I mean that both in the capital concept but also in my operating expense line. We've managed to do that by continuing to pivot to what I believe are these very high ROI opportunities and pivoting away from opportunities where we've had a chance to become more efficient and where the returns are not going to be as high or the structural growth isn't there. And so for me, to your point, at a high level, I think we can continue to drive revenue, especially annuity and cloud revenue. I think we can continue to improve gross margin percentages in the cloud across all the core cloud services. I think that we can grow profit dollars. And I think that we can do that in the OpEx guidance I gave you for '17 as we continue to pivot to that opportunity. So I think this is one where my optimism frankly for the structure of the market in the segment you chose and my optimism for positioning within that market is reflected in that investment number that you have seen. And so I would continue to expect to see us do it. 
Satya Nadella: I can start, and then Amy, you can add. Overall, the thing that we are most focused on with Office 365 is how do we make sure that we have the Office 365 endpoints everywhere and good usage. And I talked about how the mobile endpoints has been growing and the mobile usage has been growing. I also talked about the 70 million monthly active users of Office. So we feel very good about that, which is users both in terms of coverage and usage. The next place where we are very focused on is really the new scenarios. And E5 is obviously a big element of it. I talked about it in some detail. The security value proposition, that is really showing a lot of good traction for us, but we're also seeing traction in analytics and voice. So we're in the very early innings of E5, but the value proposition and the TAM or the total addressable market of those 3 scenarios is huge, and so we remain very excited about it. The other thing that I'm also sort of excited about when it comes to Office 365 is for the first time, we're opening up Office 365 not just as a end user and a enterprise tool in the service but as a developer platform. In its own right, we think of Office as perhaps one of the most strategic developer assets we have. And with the Microsoft Graph API and what we see as activity around it, we think about the platform effects of that is also being very key. So that's, at least at the macro level, how I look at it and Amy, if you want to talk a little more about... 
Satya Nadella: Sure, Heather. Thanks for the question. First of all, when Amy and I think about both our CapEx as well as our OpEx, both on the engineering side as well as on our sales and marketing side, we think about they're still at Microsoft Cloud level, just because if you take something like Enterprise Mobility Suite, that gives you an indication of how, for example, that attach to Office 365, essentially an infrastructure service that has SaaS-like margins or even some of our application services in Azure that attach to Office developer experiences. So we think about this more holistically and same thing with Dynamics. But having said that is to your specific question of where our differentiation lies. The first one is hybrid. Most people think about hybrid where they think about the cloud as the edge of their server. We obviously support that with all of our service. Every server product of ours has cloud enrollment right, whether it be SQL, whether it be Windows Server, and you will see that increasingly even in this next wave of servers. But we also think of, in fact, our servers at the edge of our cloud. That I think is where the world is going to go to, where distributed computing will remain distributed. So Azure Stack is completely unique to Microsoft. No one else who is in the public cloud business at any scale has that kind of capability. So I would say that's another point of differentiation. So to your point about margins, I feel that we actually will have software licenses with hybrid rights. That's a different margin structure. We will have IaaS services, and you talked about the existence proof at least from Amazon about what margins at scale can be achieved there. We have PaaS services in infrastructure like EMS that have SaaS-like rev margins. And then, of course, we have SaaS services in Office 365. So I think the mix of our growth -- rather, that mix will define our long-term gross margin and operating margin for our cloud services. But the mix will also shift each quarter just because the mix is not a stable mix. We'll see growth in different parts at different times. 
Satya Nadella: Thanks for the question. So the decision logic was driven primarily by what I'd say the increased competitiveness of SQL Server. If you think about where SQL Server now with this new release, SQL Server 2016, it's become a fantastic database for many, many of the workloads, everything from OLTP to data warehousing to BI to advanced analytics. For the Tier 1, this is a capability that's been multiple decades in the work, but here we are with very competitive total cost of ownership, price competitiveness but with a technology that is, in many cases, as Gartner talks about, at the top of the charts when it comes to all of these workloads. So now that we find yourselves with that capability, we're saying, "Look, what's the way to think about market -- all the markets that we can, in fact, take this product to." And the Linux operating system database market is not something that -- which is mostly primarily a Tier 1 segment, is something that we never worked in. And so, therefore, we look at that as an expansion opportunity so we take that. We've already made the call that Azure Linux's FirstClass. We already have 20-plus points of -- or 20-plus percent of VMs in Azure or Linux and we'll all increasingly have Linux via big share of percentage of what is happening in Azure. So for the first time now, we have the ability to go to an enterprise and talk about that entire data estate across Windows and Linux. People don't really move between operating systems. Those choices have been made. But at the same time, now they have a choice around database. And so we think that, that's a very good incremental opportunity for us. 
Satya Nadella: Yes, thanks for the question. I mean, I think, overall for me, across all of our product lines, whether it be Windows or whether it be Office 365 or Azure, developer momentum, ISV momentum, is super important priority for us, both in terms of our developer evangelism, our product engineering teams as well as everything that we will do to even create success for our partners through our field sales organization is a top-of-mind priority, and this is something that Kevin Turner, myself and Amy and all of our leadership team is very focused on. So you will only increasingly see us deliver more design wins there. In fact, I'm looking forward to our partner conference to talk much more about what it is that we will be doing in the coming year to drive more success for our partners, and in particular, ISVs. The thing that I'm seeing a lot of is we've had traditional strength with SQL as well as .NET. They're moving a significant number of them to the cloud, and in fact, re-platting to be even more multi-tenant and cloud native. At the same time, we're also seeing a lot of open-source ISVs also be part of the Azure marketplace. if you go up to the Azure marketplace today, you'll see that. So we're not only bringing people who have traditionally worked with us, helping them re-plat to a completely new model, but we're also bringing a lot of new ISVs into the fold as well, and that's pretty exciting to see. 
