Bill Koefoed: Thank you, Barb, and thank you, everyone for joining us this afternoon. As usual, with me here today are Peter Klein, Chief Financial Officer; Frank Brod, Chief Accounting Officer; and John Seethoff, Deputy General Counsel. Today we filed our Form 10-Q. In addition, we posted our earnings release and financial summary slide deck on our new Investor Relations website at microsoft.com/investor. The slide deck is intended to follow the flow of our prepared remarks and provide a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, as well as a summary of segment reporting to industry historical results. As was the case last quarter, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call will be webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until October 28, 2011. This conference call is protected by copyright law and international treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this call or any portion of it without the expressed written permission of Microsoft may result in civil and criminal penalty. Today, we will be making statements during this call that are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Okay. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.
Bill Koefoed: Actually, John, I'll take that. So IDC said 10% and Gartner said 8%, so our range of 9% to 11% was slightly higher than Gartner's and IDC is within the mid-range. So we feel like our analysis of the PC market obviously, we look at those data points as well as others, which is completely in line. So happy to talk to you about it after the call, one-on-one, call down if you want.
Bill Koefoed: Yes, generally speaking, the biggest factor in premium mix is going to be the business mix, and as we talked about, we expected those dynamics to continue for the rest of this year.
Bill Koefoed: Okay, so that will wrap up our Q&A portion of today's earnings call. As many of you know, today's a busy day for us here in Redmond, as we have PDC going on here. I'd encourage you, if you haven't, to look into the replays of the keynotes that we've done at PDC. We also look forward to seeing many of you at a number of call conferences we'll be participating in this quarter. For those who of you are unable to attend in person, you'll be able to follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact us if you need any additional details. Thanks, again for joining us today and take care.
Peter Klein: Thanks, Bill. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to be able to share with you our excellent results for the first quarter, which reflect the ongoing strength and breadth of our product portfolio. Demand from both businesses and consumers drove healthy revenue growth. We delivered record first quarter revenue, operating income and earnings per share. We continue to control costs while prioritizing our investments into the highest growth opportunities, resulting in another quarter of margin expansion. As we discussed at our Analyst Meeting in July, we have eight core focus areas that we feel have the greatest opportunity to drive shareholder value. This quarter, we had exceptional momentum across these focus areas and I want to start today's call by giving you some important highlights. First, Microsoft Business Desktop is thriving with Enterprises and small- and medium-size businesses investing in our products and services. Not only are companies adopting Windows 7 and Office 2010 at historically high rates, they are also investing in our Office productivity platform, including SharePoint, Exchange, Dynamics CRM and Lync, the newly rebranded Office Communication server, all of which grew double digits this quarter. Server and Database businesses had strong momentum as our data center and cloud offerings remain a top priority for our customers as they continue to adopt the Microsoft platform. In addition, Windows Azure had strong subscription growth and we announced a number of platform enhancement this morning at our Professional Developers Conference. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, consumer demand for our products continue to drive terrific results this quarter. In terms of our core focus areas, Xbox momentum continued with our console outselling every competing console in the U.S. for the fourth consecutive month, being used at an all-time high with almost double the number of queries since its launch last year. And consumers continue to show their strong preference for Windows 7 and Office 2010. Customer satisfaction across our products remains at record-high levels. We also made exciting progress in the mobile space with the recent launch of Windows Phone 7 in Europe and Asia and the upcoming November 8 launch in the U.S.. So in summary, I'm very pleased with our performance this quarter. We executed well in all of our core focus areas, and are off to a good start for the year. With that, I'll hand it back to Bill to provide more details on the quarter's results.
Peter Klein: Yes, at a high level, certainly, I'd point you to the guidance framework that we just talked about on what we expect relative to the business PC market. And obviously, the business hardware refresh is a great underlying driver for that business, as well as excitement around the product. And in terms of Office, I think the thing that's most encouraging for me is the breadth of the strength around and across all customer segments, whether that was small- and medium-size businesses and Enterprises. In terms of the integration story, Bill touched on the strong growth across all of those businesses and I think you're really starting to see that resonate very well with customers. And in fact, as we had anticipated when we were talking about anticipating off of 2010, and that was going to be a key part of the story and I think we're starting to see that play out early days, which I think can sustain for a while.
Peter Klein: Yes, I would say two things. One, just in terms of Enterprise's desire to upgrade, very strong, sort of high level. I think what we're seeing is people actually doing their deployments a little bit faster than I think we expected than we'd seen in the past. In terms of the overall business, obviously we're seeing Enterprise and businesses refresh their hardware, which is obviously a great thing in terms of the Windows 7 business.
Peter Klein: I think you're seeing the console and some several things. Obviously, one is just macroeconomics and businesses investing in IT again. And I think the other is that our product portfolio, and through the combination of those two things has gotten Enterprises really wanting to invest both in their IT infrastructure and in our portfolio of products. And so as we had hoped in the course of the last year, we thought those two things might come together. The last thing I'll say is the accelerated interest in the cloud. It's when you add on top of it where we've come in terms of our cloud offerings and what that means for Enterprises as they think about investing for the long term. They want to invest with somebody who can make the transition from their own premise infrastructure to the cloud as soon as possible. And I think you're seeing that as well. So the conversations that we're having always included our new product portfolio, as well as our cloud offerings. And I think that taking into account the better macroeconomic environment has all come together to really drive a better environment.
Peter Klein: As you know, we're always looking at ways to get as efficient as we can on the cost. And right now, we're executing against the plan, we feel very good about our plans we've been talking about over the last couple of quarters. And first quarter was good, and we continue to executing at that plan. I'm not seeing in Q2, we do have some launches coming out and that was always in our plan and those are starting off and going on very well.
Peter Klein: In our guidance, we talked about the rest of this year. I think we have to see how that plays out. That's sort of where we have visibility and what we're talking about. But certainly, over the last couple of quarters, looking forward over the next couple of quarters and then talking to customers in what they're looking to invest in, clearly our priority is investing in refreshing their hardware and the related Microsoft products that come along with that.
Peter Klein: Similar to PCs, I think it's a similar dynamic. These businesses are investing broadly in their infrastructure whether that's PCs or servers. And on our outlook, we talked about how we expect that to continue for the rest of this fiscal year. So it's very similar to what we just talked about in terms of the PC refresh.
Peter Klein: Well, yes. It's hard to answer that question because I don't know exactly your math. I will point out a couple of key highlights on the consumer side. If you look at Entertainment and Devices, the Xbox growth of 27%. That's something that we feel really good about and gives us great momentum heading into the holidays with Kinect, and the same thing with our Search revenue outgrowing the market. So those are the sort of the key highlight.
Peter Klein: Correct. So we actually feel really good about the consumer revs. It's hard to answer that specific question without ...
Peter Klein: Obviously, we feel pretty good. We had such a strong performance in the business side. And that flow through, if you look at our outlook on the annuity side to your point, we've slightly increased our annuity revenue outlook in MBD and STD, which reflects the strength in the billings that we've seen. And as you pointed out, it takes time for that to flow through to the income statement and it will throughout the rest of the year.
Peter Klein: Bill touched a little bit on the business model. We talked about this a little bit at our Analyst Meeting. These kind of wins and these cloud deals, it provides totally new economic opportunity for us. These are scenarios that we're not in today. In many cases, their customers have that customers today. In some cases, it's revenue than we may have for them to think us that we're not getting. Sitting in New York is a perfect example. We have others like Starbucks and others, where we're addressing totally new scenarios, Azure is a great example of that. It  really increases our penetration in that market. Similarly, we've talked about how in the mid-market we can really increase our penetration services like this. So that's sort of our business model how it creates economic profit for us.
Peter Klein: Yes, it's not really tied to the Windows 7 activity. It's more a function of the product cycle with Office 2010 and all the related products like SharePoint and Exchange and Lync. And as we touched on briefly before, so if the confluence of the macroeconomic environment picking up and Enterprises investing in their infrastructure, they're seeing the value that you'd get the increased productivity and the cost savings that you get. And that's what's really driving the interest in those products, and new versions of those products that just introduce capabilities that manufactures really want.
Peter Klein: Well, first thing I'd say is the premium mix is over 20%. We haven't given an exact number on that. It's probably, I think it's best to continue to track it and not sort of set a ceiling or an expectation for it.
