Satya Nadella: Thanks so much, Keith, for the question. I mean, the way we see the results today reflect that, but more importantly, on a secular basis, as I think about -- I always go back to that number, which is 5% of the world GDP is tech spend, it’s projected to double. I think that doubling will happen in a more accelerated pace. And we feel well-positioned because of the innovation across the stack. Because if you think about it, what’s going to happen is every business, whether you’re a retailer or a manufacturer, in the service sector, public sector or private sector, digital adoption is the way you’re going to be both, resilient as well as transform the core business processes. And the strength we have is that entirety of the Microsoft Cloud stack, right? So, it’s not just about infrastructure or any application, it’s the entirety of what we do. And so, I think it is durable. Quarter-to-quarter, depending on what happened during the pandemic, depending on the segments that were impacted, for example, the consumer segments that were impacted are coming back and then they’ll normalize. Whereas in our case, we do, in fact, one of the things I love about sort of our exposure is both, it’s a worldwide exposure and it has got the right balance between the consumer segments and the enterprise business-to-business segment. So, it’s a very durable long-term growth prospect that we have tough competition, we need to keep innovating, which is what we’ll stay focused on.
Satya Nadella: Thanks so much for that question. A couple of things that are happening. One is that all up, even what we consider the cloud infrastructure is getting increasingly distributed. If you think about the approach we took to our data center architecture, the fact that we have more regions, is to meet, I would say, both the real-world needs for the computing architecture side but also the regulatory and data residency requirements. So, we feel we picked the right approach. And that’s paying dividends today just even in terms of our geographic coverage, our coverage of all of the regulatory requirements. Then, the second piece, of course, is distributed computing will remain distributed. And what we are seeing with edge is going to be the case where we will see more of both the old workloads with hybrid benefits and hybrid deployments as well as new workloads, right? So, if you take the AB InBev Digital Twin meets IoT type of scenario, that’s going to require a lot more compute close to their factories. And so, to me, those new scenarios -- or 5G, I mean, think about what AT&T is planning to do, which is a hybrid deployment in a completely new space where there is going to be compute that’s located to be able to take core network traffic and use cloud economics. So, that’s what we think of going forward, which is really compute will remain distributed, both because of their needs across geographies, regulation and the very nature of compute architecture.
Satya Nadella: Yes. That’s a great question. Thanks for that. Multiple things happening and both -- some of them are independent secular growth trends and they do reinforce each other. Let’s just take Dynamics. It’s probably one of the most exciting things we are seeing is that coming out of this pandemic, there is an absolute new chapter for a complete new suite all the way from whether it’s sales, to customer service, to marketing, to supply chain, or digital manufacturing, that’s all going to be re-implemented. So, there’s going to be a complete new cycle of business process automation that is going to be AI-first and collaboration-first. And that second part is where that intersection between Teams and Business Process or Dynamics comes through, because you do not want to have a system of record for anything, whether it is a customer or a part or a forecast that you don’t want to collaborate on, that you don’t want to communicate on. And by the way, the communications and the collaboration artifacts are part of the record. And that’s what I think that this new generation of software will enable. And so, you see it in two fronts. One is, Teams has become a platform, not just for Dynamics, even for Salesforce, for SAP, for Adobe, for ServiceNow. They’re all building great integrations into Teams and we’ll foster that. And Dynamics itself of course will integrate deeply with Teams and embed Teams or Azure Communication Services. So, when you think about our omnichannel customer service module, it doesn’t look like anything that -- from two years ago. It’s a completely rebuilt omnichannel customer service system, which has all the communication functionality built in. So, it’s a pretty exciting space. And it also speaks to a lot of the questions around where is the margin, how is it going to sort of evolve? I think tracking what’s happening with Power Platform, Dynamics and Teams, I think probably and its intersection to even some of our data layers in Azure is perhaps the best indication of some of our competitive differentiation at scale already.
Amy Hood: And maybe turning to your margin question, and while I am obviously proud of the work we’ve done, Keith, that you referenced as a team on margins and returns, I would say, in general, our focus remains and has been for the duration of really Satya and I’ve work together along with the rest of the SLT on consistently moving our resources and talent to our highest growth and most differentiated places. When you do that in expansive total addressable markets in the way that I believe we’re focused on as an organization, you do see the type of operating leverage that you’re referring to in margins. And that along, as you see sort of mathematically with a shift in our revenue to higher overall gross margin segments, you do get the results we’ve seen. So, I feel very good about the work we’ve done. And as you heard, I’m quite optimistic about the opportunities we have to invest, leading into FY22 as well.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Mark, for the question. Let me cover your first one, which is the seasonality in the Azure business. In some ways, Mark, some of that seasonality frankly was because Azure has two fundamental components. It’s got a consumption model as well as a per-user model. The per-user model, which as you well know is far more aligned to our end-of-year and can be more aligned to our end-of-year rhythms. It also can have more quarterly volatility in terms of accounting, in terms of revenue recognition, the same topic we often talk about when it comes to Microsoft 365 in terms of more in-quarter recognition. What you’ve seen is that did historically represent a larger component of Azure, so added volatility to Q4. As we’ve seen our consumption businesses grow and grow consistently, thus far becoming a larger percentage of Azure, you do have more stability, Mark. And so, you start seeing less of that volatility that we’ve historically seen from Q3 to Q4. We still have some of it, as we talked about, but I think it’s an interesting observation and it’s a very good question. In terms of your comment on cloud revenue and OpEx, yes, I do believe that’s durable. We get a lot of focus. We’ll continue to invest. There’s lots of opportunity there, but the market certainly warrants it.
Amy Hood: Well, I think for FY22 on operating margins, which is really where I focus most of my thoughts, as I said, when you exclude the useful life change, I feel very good about margin improvement in FY22. But, what sits behind that, Keith is -- I mean, sorry, Brent, is this focus on the first thing I said, which is with every operating expense dollar we invest, are we continuing to invest in the highest growth places? If you continue to invest in high-growth places with differentiation that customers care about and you add value, you continue to see improvements in this area. From time to time, I’m sure there’ll be quarters where that isn’t the case, if we have some mix shift in hardware, et cetera. But in general, over a longer period of time, you’ve seen us focus on this. And so, if you remove a little of the noise and some of the useful life changes and look back a few years, I do think you’d see the biggest needle mover being where we invest the dollars as opposed to the overall amount of them, which should grow based on the opportunity.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. I think, in general, you’ve got the right trajectory. And I do think it’s both things. You’ve heard me say, it’s both some of our core as well as premium SKUs. We’ve seen some nice execution. And I think Satya mentioned some of these differentiated places in the Azure stack, where I think we also can see some growth. Data services is a very good point where I feel like we’ve made a lot of progress, have a real differentiation, have seen some acceleration in the past couple of quarters.
Amy Hood: And to the question you asked on how to think about the edge and where to see that in results, really, it shows up. This is one where I would focus on the overall server products and cloud services number, which I think, Mark, was at the heart of your question because through our purchasing vehicles, the most effective way to purchase for flexibility with and across the edge in the cloud is sometimes some of the on-prem licensing with hybrid rights. So, you do see that both in our Azure results but also depending on how it’s purchased and server KPI.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. Maybe, Satya, I’ll take this one first and if you want to add anything. Brent, unfortunately, I’m going to answer it’s everything, and let me talk about why I say that. When you see the size of the contracts increase, it’s about the entire scope of what’s offered under the Microsoft Cloud. We’re seeing both really strong renewals of our core contracts, really strong additions across Dynamics, Power Apps, Power Automate, M365, premium SKUs, security, compliance, voice, which, of course, increases those commitment sizes. And you’re seeing the addition of Azure commitments, which we often talk about as these multiyear longer-term contracts. And so, then you do, of course, see them just have longer duration on -- especially in the case of Azure. So, in many ways, what we focus on are the components that make up the larger contracts is each component being additive to selling the value that’s present across all of our pieces of the Microsoft Cloud. And this was a good execution quarter for us. You see it in the bookings number even more. When you have a declining expiry base and then bookings growth that’s that high you have to do all those things well. And that’s I think really what’s reflected ultimately and transactionally, meaning those larger $10 million-plus contracts being done.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Keith. When I think about your operating expense comments, no, I don’t have any update to that. I think if you think about our headcount growth at 12%, plus through the year, continuing to invest in some of the places where we saw savings through the year on COVID, I would expect that that is still a good placeholder for people as we work through the year. I mean, with the opportunity we see in the market, I think it supports that level. And given our execution, when we do invest, which leads me to margin, I feel very good about that. At the gross margin level, we’ll continue I feel very good always focused on, which is continuing across our cloud services to see improving margins. You’ll continue to see a mix shift to Azure, given the growth we expect there. And we’ll continue to see gross margin improvements across individual services that make up many of our components across the Company. So, in general, I feel like the gross margin trends are quite healthy heading into ‘22.
