Satya Nadella: and a great question. Because we will always, as you know Keith, architected Azure for the distributed computing fabric to remain distributed. In other words, when we talked about hybrid computing even five years ago, the idea was always that, we will always have a Cloud and then we will have a distributed Cloud infrastructure for application deployment. So when we think about Cloud Plus Edge, we even put even the multi-cloud control playing in there, right?  So whether it is, what's happening with the 5G and how naturally compute will go to where data is getting generated with low latency access to a factory floor, to a hospital, to cities where you want to play XCloud gaming, that's one phenomena. The other is just literally treating every Cloud, whether it's the on-premise data center. It's the other public cloud, and our public cloud, and being able to use Azure Arc in its control plane to ease the deployment across all clouds.  That's another thing that we're seeing. So when I think about what is going to be key in such a distributed world is having that full suite of applications infrastructure, right? All the way from the management and security control plane, something like Azure Active Directory managing the security principles and Identities or and to the management control planes like Azure Arc and so we feel well-positioned for it. And I think that the multi-cloud, multi-edge world is really how we build Azure in the first place. And I think we're still very early in all of that playing out, but we feel well-positioned.
Satya Nadella: Maybe I'll just start and then Amy, you can add to it. In an inflationary environment, the first place any business should go to is how to really ensure that they're able to get productivity gains. And even dealing with constraints, for example, if You have supply chain constraints, one of the things you want to do is run your factories at the efficient frontier, that means things like digital twins, simulation, are the ones where you are going to make sure that every production run has the least amount of wastage.  I think any which way you look, whether it's in the knowledge work, first-line work, whether it's actually digital twins and simulation, All of those things are going to be the best way for any Company to deal with inflationary pressures, so that they can, in fact, have the best productivity and that -- thereby the best ability to be able to meet aggregate demand out there.  That's why we're very, very excited about making sure our software products are available to our business customers all around to be able to manage through this inflationary environment and I'll let Amy add to that.
Satya Nadella: Thanks Kash for the question. So on the labor market, maybe I'll start Amy, you can add to this. The first place where we're very, very focused on is to making sure that, with LinkedIn, we're doing everything to help everyone find their best economic opportunity and when Ryan Roslansky was the CEO of LinkedIn, talks about the great reshuffle. I think along with the hybrid work change, there is a real question everybody is asking. Not only where and how they work, but why they work.  And so to be able to make sure that we can help them find the opportunity that they are looking for is, I think, the most critical work that we can be doing. The second side to this, though, is also to per take the productivity of the people, whether they are on the front lines, and the first-line workers, or the knowledge workers, or even software developers, and making sure that they have the best tools, whether it's the GitHub harness and Visual Studio code for people who are developers or whether it is Power Apps or whether it is the Office 365, and then Microsoft 365 tooling to help them be most productive.  That's I think the thing that we're very, very focused on because key to dealing with labor shortages is productivity gains. And that Plus the work we're doing in LinkedIn is where we're focused on. So with that, Amy, I will hand it over to you.
Satya Nadella: Maybe I can talk a bit to sort of what we are seeing, take the most, I would say, the classic model of lift shift in modernized motions, which is I think at the core of hybrid Cloud, that's still in -- still early innings. Every day I wake up to talk to customers who are planning out that motion and making sure that that able to modernize their entire application portfolio in various ways. So that's obviously still very, very strong. The interesting thing for us, even in that context, is even in the height of our success in declined server era, we really would never a Tier-1 Company that is not who we are.  In the sense that you take all the SAP workloads that are running on Azure, which I talked about, or other Tier-1 workloads that are migrating, whether it's HPC or transactional database workloads. So that's the other thing which is happening is real production workloads moving over. And then on the data estate, that's the place where perhaps we're seeing significant traction, and I referenced that in some of my remarks all the way from what's happening with, say, operational data stores like Cosmos DB, with Synapse linked to Synapse or Power BI to Synapse or in fact, Dynamics 365 data wars to Synapse.  There's tons and tons of coming together of the data estate, with for example, regulatory requirements now that you need to have real governance on data. That's where Azure Purview becomes, again, a pretty big driver of that data gravity to the Cloud from a governance perspective. The other side of this is what's happening with Dev Tools. When you start having your CI/CD to your Cloud, then modern new applications and the agility with which you bill. So with GitHub, VS code becoming essentially default for any modern dev shop in the enterprise or otherwise, that’s he other thing that we see.  But perhaps more than anything else, the interesting circuit for us is what happens with Teams. With Teams, you suddenly now have a new platform in which applications get hosted, whether it's developed by the enterprise or by third-party. And I referenced that in my remarks, and those applications in many cases get built on our Cloud, use things like Azure DB, use things like Power Platform. and so the reinforcing and compounding side of Teams to Power Apps to Dynamics to Azure is probably one of the most unique things we're seeing in terms of new applications getting built.  And then the Cloud Plus Edge, which I referenced in the answer to the first question, which is in a multi-Cloud, multi edge world, you still need a control plane that manages all that complexity and that's where something like Azure Arc and GitHub become the two standards. You develop in one place, you deploy in one place, and then you propagate to every Cloud that you want to deploy in.
Satya Nadella: I mean, I will point to Amy's guide for the next quarter as far as we are looking at is the demand across the entire stack is pretty robust and obviously what happens in the labor market, whether it's in the tech labor market or any other labor market, will ultimately be something that we would all be subject to. But the thing at least about the software businesses are in order to deal with a lot of other constraints, whether they are labor shortages or supply shortages, deploying digital tech is one way to really overcome them.  So that's what we see clearly, I think in the tech sector today there is more structural demand than perhaps supply all around. But we like that position because at some level we just want to make sure that we have the most competitive products out there, and as long as we continue to do so, I think we'll be fine.
Satya Nadella: Thank you for the question. Absolutely, we think of the Microsoft Cloud, which includes Azure, it includes Dynamics 365, it includes Microsoft 365, it includes things like Power Platform, it includes even GitHub and VS Code. That's why we keep stressing the full modern tech stack that makes up Microsoft Cloud. And then with the Industry Cloud, we add value on top of that, which is specific, whether it's in retail, whether it's manufacturing, obviously in healthcare, and our pending Nuance acquisition really in add further to that.  Obviously, we're very focused on, first of all, not any just one piece, which we -- each one of those has to be competitive on their own, it's the coming together of the Microsoft Cloud and in the Industry Cloud, adds further value on top of it. So yes, I think ultimately our competitiveness comes because of all of those layers integrated and delivering that time-to-value for our customers while maintaining openness in each layer and competitiveness in each layer
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent. Yeah I think the important thing when you think about bookings performance is to talk about what happened before you got to those volatile, the large Azure commitments that create some of that top comparables that we're talking about. And that's really the opportunity to execute against selling the Microsoft  day to day, which is Dynamics, Microsoft Cloud, GitHub in the broader universe. Our execution on that was actually quite good. Very good renewals, very good recapture rates, very good add - ons, meaning you sell outside of the normal pattern, and so I feel very good.  It's very consistent execution to your point, Brent, this quarter versus others on that front. And then to your point, it's important not to time some of these larger long-dated Azure contracts. That's where the volatility is, the day-to-day execution of Azure commitments, actually was very consistent. The volatility comes with some of the bigger things and with a lot of them in Q4, last on a comparable basis in Q1 and that happens from time-to-time.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. I want to start by saying and repeating something that Tatia, I think was careful to include in his remarks. And it is the central nature of the PC to relay the nature of both hybrid work and fundamentally about getting jobs done. And I think the central role it's played we've talked about, I think, now for a number of quarters, and I think the reality of that continues to exist. I think the come more real for people as we talk about what hybrid is going to look like and continue to learn what hybrid is going to look like.  And to that end your PCs, the market grew this quarter, and it was constrained by supply. I believe Q2 will also be a strong demand quarter that is constrained by supply. But even with that, we see a growing market. And in particularly, in both Q1 and Q2, we see a strong demand in the commercial segment. I think that ties directly back to some of Satya 's comments about the central nature of the device. Then of course, we do get some benefit, Karl, because revenue per license is higher in commercial than it is in the broad market.  Those things together, which is a growing market, strong Windows performance within that market, in commercial in particular, And then, the resulting higher revenue per license results, and I think a very strong position in Q1 and Q2.
Amy Hood: Yes, thanks, Satya and I think really  got to the heart mark of where I tend to go when you think about -- when you see the intensity of customers across industries and across geographies, wanting to adopt digital technology for many of the reasons Satya just explained. And there's numerous scenarios across, I think, most industries. That acceleration, of course, regardless, frankly, of the overall environment is a place where we feel like we offer the best portfolio at the Microsoft Cloud and with our Industry Clouds to make that doable with a very fast time to value.  And so our ability to execute against that regardless to the spend environment, means we've got the right portfolio and a high value to customers as deployable quickly that can get them results when they need that. And I think that's reflected in most of the surveys that really point to preference for  to help customers do that. So while -- of course, it's hard to predict what any quarter or second half will do. The things I believe to be sustainable are a push to digital -- a push to Cloud help customers get value quickly, and us being a trusted advisor and partner to help that happen.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Satya. And Kash, as you probably noted I did talk about -- in this quarter, we did add, year-over-year, 14% headcount growth. And I think that's important, because when you talk about how, what, and why, we do remain focused on being a great employer, to have people achieve those goals and be able to achieve them here. Secondly, you asked some good questions about the supply chain impact, and specifically around data center, given our spend to this quarter, and my guidance is it should be similar next.  A lot of that cash is long lead time. So we have good understanding of lead times required to meet the capacity signals that we're seeing. I think we are doing good job managing that, it's not to say we're not impacted. Multiple suppliers are important to be able to manage through that, and I feel the team has done a very good job. In terms of specific impacts, I noted it, and some remarks, I do think demand will exceed supply in PCs and Surface for us.  This quarter, particularly in premium devices, in consoles for Xbox and another bit of -- another challenge I noted will just be -- we'll just need to watch the advertising market through the quarter, because obviously their willingness to spend is entirely connected to their supply as well.
Amy Hood: And Raimo, just maybe to add, you may have been asking also just about the nature of some of the comments I was making about on - prem server results. And it really points to hybrid strength. That's the way I tend to think about it and whether that's the fact that people are committed to Windows and SQL server and whether they run that in Azure or whether they run it in a multi-cloud environment it's a commitment to the platform and so I just wanted to make that, probably, more clear as one of the drivers of our Server products and Cloud KPI execution this quarter.
Amy Hood: Yeah, and I do think frankly, Brad, just the signals we're seeing on consumption and usage we'd say customers are doing a good job of figuring out the priority list that delivers value to them, as Satya is saying. I do know obviously, that the labor market has a real impact, and I think that's also why you're seeing investment being made by us in particular, into training and skilling, making deployment easier, making time-to-value faster, really having documentation that makes getting started and trials far more accessible.  And so when you talk about adding productivity it's also an investment we as Microsoft need to make, and to making our products easier and really terrific to get going on, so that you're not constrained in the way that you're talking about.
