Chris Suh: Thank you, operator. On our website, microsoft.com/investor, is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call, until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript, and in any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until January 23, 2015. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call, and in the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Before I hand the call over to Amy, please keep in mind that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year. Also, unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the cumulative effect of last year's revenue deferrals and recognition related Windows, Office, and Xbox video games. As a reminder, with our new segment reporting structure, we have consolidated adjustments of this nature into “corporate and other” to provide better comparability of operating results. You can find details of the adjustments and a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures in our financial summary slide deck. And with that, I will turn it over to Amy.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Amy. And with that, we’ll move on to Q&A. Operator, please go ahead and repeat your instructions.
Chris Suh: I talked about this a little bit. The place where you can see the most direct impact is in the consumer Office business. We talked about the business, on a traditional license basis, being down 24 points. But our estimate is approximately 16 points of that decline is accounted for by the shift to Office 365 Home Premium. So that gives you sort of a good estimation of the direct impact we’re seeing, particularly on the consumer side.
Chris Suh: Okay, so that wraps up the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. Just a quick reminder that Build, our developer conference, will kick off the morning of April 2 in San Francisco. We encourage investors to watch the keynotes live via webcast. We’ll also look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those of you unable to attend in person, these events will generally be webcast, and you’ll be able to follow our comments at the Microsoft.com/investor website. Please contact us if you need additional details. Thanks again for joining us today, and take care.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Chris. Before I get into our expectations for the quarter, let me quickly touch on Nokia. We continue to expect that the deal will close this quarter, but are still in the process of securing all regulatory approvals and meeting closing conditions. So all guidance provided here assumes no impact from Nokia. Assuming the deal closes this quarter, we will include Nokia in our guidance starting in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we are expecting a similar macro-environment to what we saw this quarter. As such, many of the dynamics from the second quarter will likely continue into the third. With that, let’s get into the outlook, starting with devices and consumer. In licensing, we expect revenue to be $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion. This range reflects similar dynamics to what we saw in the second quarter, with business PCs growing, strong Pro mix, and headwinds in consumer PCs. In hardware, we expect revenue to be $1.9 billion to $2 billion. This reflects continued post-launch momentum with Surface 2, Surface Pro 2, and Xbox One, with the upcoming launch of the Xbox exclusive game, Titanfall. And in devices and consumer other, we expect revenue to be about $1.8 billion. Moving on to commercial, in what is a seasonally slower quarter, we are confident in our ability to continue to be the vendor of choice, with our productivity and infrastructure offerings. In commercial licensing, we expect revenue to be $10.4 billion to $10.6 billion. In commercial other, we expect revenue to be about $1.8 billion, reflecting continued momentum in our commercial cloud business. We expect COGS to be $6.1 billion to $6.3 billion next quarter. This range primarily reflects variability associated with our hardware business. Moving on to operating expenses, we expect opex to grow 5% to 6%, to $7.7 billion to $7.8 billion. We are also reducing and narrowing the range for our full year guidance to $31.2 billion to $31.5 billion. As a reminder, other income and expense includes dividend and interest income, offset by interest expense and the net cost of hedging. We expect these items to generally offset one another. We still expect our full year tax rate to be between 18% and 20%. We now expect full year capital expenditures to be about $6 billion, which is down about $500 million from our prior guidance. This reduction is primarily driven by improved capacity utilization and scale benefits, as we converge our online services infrastructure platforms while continuing to support the strong demand that we see in business. Adjusting for prior year tech guarantees and product referrals, we expect unearned revenue to sequentially decline as it has in prior years. So, in summary, I feel good about the financial results this quarter. We are executing well across the company, as demonstrated by share gains in our commercial business, but we are also making important inroads with our consumer offerings. Looking ahead, there is a lot to be excited about, as we continue our transformation around One Microsoft. With that, I’ll turn it back to Chris and we’ll take your questions.
Amy Hood: I really appreciate the question, because it’s going to let me help expand on a couple of dynamics, which I think are at work here. So now I’m going to ask you to bear with me, with a little bit of a long answer. Let me start by your comments, I think, around the overall commercial licensing bucket. I’m going to expand to include, as you did, the overall commercial business, both cloud and licensing. There are a number of metrics that I tend to look at together as opposed to individually, to think about how we did in the quarter. You touched on one, unearned, which grew 12% this quarter, which is quite good. The second is bookings, which grew 12% in the quarter, which is very good. Renewal rates, which were in line across our products. And finally, the CNB balance, the contracted not billed balance, being up sequentially $2 billion, as you point out, is very big. If you think about those together as a group, those data points are very important because together, I think you said a couple hundred short on unearned, with those data points together, I would say there’s no shortage in terms of commercial licensing and commercial other strength all up. As you know, contracted but not billed tends to be at the end of the quarter. We’ve signed a bunch of contracts that we can’t bill for until the very beginning of the next. Think about that as business done in quarter. You’ll see that come into the unearned balance, frankly, in Q3, as well as into adjusted. So that dynamic answers really the first question, and the part of the question you asked. That’s sort of a separate piece. Then you said, well, some of the dynamic could be explained by some strong transactional business in the quarter. And I would actually separate these things, because the first was good and the second was better than we thought. Office non-annuity, or transactional, did a little better than we thought in quarter as well, and so that’s a good point that we didn’t bring out, that that is another component of the 10% all up commercial growth. Now, so, I guess my answer is, I agree with your transactional comment, but I disagree that it’s probably that it’s a component of a “shortfall in unearned.” I would say both are actually quite good.
Amy Hood: That’s right. If something was actually billed at the end of the quarter, it goes into unearned. Contracted but not billed is actually that the contract was signed, but that because the billing won’t quite take place until after the end of the fiscal quarter, it ends up in contracted but not billed as opposed to unearned.
Amy Hood: Here’s how I think about the value proposition, because I can’t really say, these are sales through retail and [unintelligible] generally, whether it’s a net new user or not. What I can say is that attach overall went up in the Office consumer business, which I would say is, and could be, a sign that some of those are net new. And I would hope that to be the case. The value proposition of Office 365 Home Premium really does expand the footprint. It allows for multiple users, it has cross-platform capabilities with Office for Mac, it’s got mobile capabilities as well, and allows for easier trial. So it does sort of lower many of the barriers to experience and try the product. So while I can’t point and say there’s an exact number that is a new user, I can certainly say with attach going up, that dynamic is helpful.
Amy Hood: I covered it a little bit in my comments, but it’s probably worth spending a little bit more time. Let me start with the business market. I think there really are three factors that I would point to, particularly in the business environment. And the first one may also help on the consumer side. The overall macro spending environment is better. It’s a little better than we thought, and in businesses we’re seeing it, you’re seeing it in some of the IT spend forecasts you all put out. They’re being raised, and I think that has an impact. The second is I think our partners have done a very good job expanding the types and availability of new and interesting hardware. That brings people to the store, and I think it’s an encouraging sign. And finally, as you asked, is the end of life of XP. That has been an impact, and we expect it to continue to be, as we said, in Q3. But I wouldn’t point to simply one of the factors as being the reason, but it is a combination of those factors.
Amy Hood: I’m going to take the opportunity to make your question two questions. One, to just talk about Windows volume licensing overall, and secondly, allow me to talk a little bit about the places that you can see the impact of Windows XP in the current quarter. And I think that will help as you think about Q3 going forward. In volume licensing, you’re right, it did grow 10% in Q2. And we do believe we are seeing some of the benefits of that growth is the end of life of Windows XP. But it’s also reflective of the value many of our bigger customers are seeing in upgrading to the enterprise version of Windows. The enterprise SKU includes things like Direct Access, Windows to Go, Corporate Image, App Blocker, and those really are differentiating. And they really do matter to many CIOs. So I think specifically on VL, while end of life on XP is one component, it’s certainly not the only component. Now, if I expand your question to sort of - and I think in a way Mark asked about it too - is the end of life of XP. One place that we’ve talked about it was Windows, and how does it play into the business PC growth. The second we talked about was volume licensing. And the third was actually talked about in John’s question, with Office and some transactional strength. Some of the strength that we saw in Office transactionally really can be linked back to the end of life of XP. As people refresh a PC, and if they’re buying Pro, those people often are Office customers, and so if they tend to buy on a transactional basis, we also see some impact through Office. I think you can tie that back to some of the outperformance we saw in the quarter as well.
Amy Hood: This is one of those questions that I think is best taken in a bit of a chunk. First of all, I think if you look at our commercial segment, I’ll do it all up, because I think it’s relatively easy with that breakdown. In general, and you saw it this quarter, even if we continue to invest in the infrastructure to support our cloud conversion of our commercial customers to Azure and Office 365 and CRM Online, our actual gross margin remains flat, which means we’re increasing our utilization and growing gross margin in the commercial cloud business as we continue to see traction. Over time, I continue to believe our commercial business, in the absolute, moving to the cloud is a net positive, as I talked about before, to overall profit, including the increasing amount of gross margin we make as a company. So, I think this quarter was 83%-ish, so that, I would take as a separate bucket from our devices and consumer business. And there, what’s interesting is we have a couple of business models there, with different gross margin profiles. And you’re actually seeing the impact of some of that in this quarter. Xbox, as we know, especially with new consoles like the One, tends to be gross margin negative on the front. This is a heavy quarter for that over time, for the attach. First, second, third party games and other services, the margin profile with any console [unintelligible] changes. But it’s never going to be an 83% gross margin. It’s just a different business, even for the market leader, and even successfully generating cash and returns. That is different from other businesses we also have in D&C. So I think the important thing that I tend to focus on as I go through all these businesses is continued margin improvement within the business, continued efficiency within the business, and continued focus on the absolute profit within each of those areas. And then the mix then becomes more of a math equation, as we continue to grow the overall amount of cash and profit the company generates.
Amy Hood: Yes and no, of course. Let me say, contracted but not billed is related to the number of expirations we have in the quarter. Chris and I both talked about, we did have a lot of expirations in the quarter. When those tend to fall at the end, it can impact the actual magnitude, the actual number of expirations, and then the timing of when those fall in the quarter can also impact how it’s recognized. And that’s why I never really look at it separately from unearned, bookings, and renewals together. Because timing is one thing, that’s why I tend to put them in a bucket and say, together it’s a good and healthy trajectory.
Amy Hood: I think in general it reflects the same trends we’ve been seeing across our broad portfolio. You see it across Windows, Office, and Server. If you look at our KPIs, I think that points out that it’s pretty broad based. So I don’t think there is any on particular area I would call out. It’s really more about platform health and commitment.
Amy Hood: When we talk about improved retail execution, I really think that’s a partnership, as you said, with retailers, with our OEMs, and with our efforts to really improve both the devices, the assortment, and the experience of buying in the PC aisle. So I do feel good about the investments we’ve made there, and we’ve made them, I think, thoughtfully, and continue to keep a focus on cost and expense as we do that. So do I think it had an impact? I do. But I really think the broader impact was investments and commitments we had with our partners to also improve the retail buying experience.
Amy Hood: I’m glad you asked that question. With our outperformance, as you pointed out in D&C hardware, we did actually see increased COGS related to that. However, that was offset by some COGS improvements and savings we saw across other areas, as we continue to focus on efficiency and execution. And so you’re right, we did see COGS grow with hardware, but we were able to find savings elsewhere as we focused on improved execution.
Amy Hood: Yes. In many ways, you’ve seen this over covering our company for a while. Expirations can be chunkier. That’s not a year statement. This quarter we had a big expiry base. I wouldn’t characterize it as abnormally large, but the timing is a bit related to three years ago, and the timing of some of the contracts. So it’s probably a consistent driver.
Amy Hood: It’s a good point. We didn’t have a chance to discuss the phone results. We did see growth in Windows Phone, both in the licensing and in the mobile phone IP revenues. Both grew this quarter. And we continue to see the growth in many of the places we’ve seen historically, so unsubsidized markets, as well as with entry level smartphone devices. So I think many of those dynamics haven’t really changed. Do I have any updates to how to think about Nokia? Other than we continue to expect it to close in the quarter, I don’t. We mostly remain focused on working hard to get to the point where we’re working together as one team to drive that business forward.
Amy Hood: The way I think about it is we have a broad portfolio, and we address customers of all types, and in many ways, our biggest goal is to meet the needs of our customers, whether they be CIOs or consumers. And setting our business model to support the products and the adoption curve that we want needs to be married with the adoption curve and timing of our customers. I feel like we’ve done a very good job of balancing the pace of that. I’ve been encouraged by the pace of adoption of many of our cloud services. You heard premium numbers today, as well as talking about the commercial cloud. And so for me, it’s hard to say, is there too big of a delta. It’s really about managing each of these things toward absolute growth and absolute improvement, and having customer adoption. So I probably just have a different perspective on that than you have.
Amy Hood: That’s a good question. You know, we only recently started selling the Office client in our volume licensing agreement through a subscription. So that is actually good feedback for us to think going forward about talking about the Office specific business that way. Because in general we think of Office 365 as being a broad set of assets, including Exchange, SharePoint, Lync, and Office in the commercial business, and we haven’t really talked about it, given the newness of the model and the enterprise as being as meaningful as it has been in the consumer. The shift is far faster there, on the client.
Amy Hood: Actually, transactional execution in the quarter is recognized all in quarter. That’s not annuity. It doesn’t go to either the unearned balance or the contracted not billed balance. So that’s not an impact that results in a change to the unearned or CNB. The latter, which is the absolute size of the expiration base, frankly could or couldn’t impact CNB. It can impact things like unearned growth, but it also can impact CNB, depending on if it is contracted in quarter, but not billed until after the end of the quarter.
Amy Hood: You know, when we launched Surface just a year ago, our goal was really to create a product that showcased what can happen when you innovate in hardware, in the service, and in the software. And as you know, we’ve learned a lot over the course of this journey. And we have to make more meaningful progress. But I think for us we’ve remained focused, as we launch the second version of Surface, to stay focused on both price points and gross margin, and I think we’ve made a big leap from v1 to v2, and I’m looking forward to making leaps as we go forward in our product roadmap. But I do think it’s more to think about it as a goal we absolutely have, as we continue to innovate the line.
Amy Hood: We’ll continue to be in launch mode for Xbox One, especially many people are excited about the launch of Titanfall in March, and we’ll continue to add and expand markets over the course of the year. So I would continue to think about our investment in being the leading next-generation console as certainly extending.
Amy Hood: You’re right, I only pointed out a few of the value propositions of SQL Server. And actually, dating back years, the real value proposition of SQL has been the breadth of its offerings: analytics, reporting, and core database functionality. And so over the years, I think the balance of those things, and continuing to add and innovate at very good value, has continued to be appealing. And as we move forward and add some cloud capabilities to our hybrid model, and continue to add features into the premium levels, when you’re the established, and I think in many ways unit leader, then you can focus on continuing to move up the stack, adding value, and increasing your premium mix. And the team has really done a terrific job of doing that, so it’s nice to be asked, so that I can talk about it. And I mentioned it briefly, Systems Center is another where we’ve gained share in virtualization, and I think we’re quite proud of the progress we’ve made, especially in that area, and that’s enabled a lot of growth as well. So I actually appreciate the question. It’s good to be able to talk so positively about those assets.
