Chris Suh: Our website microsoft.com/investor is our financial summary slide deck, which is intended to follow our prepared remarks and provides a reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our website also includes information related to our new financial report segments, which were announced on September 19, 2013, and discuss with investors on our conference call on September 26. As a reminder, we will post today's prepared remarks to our website immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission, in the transcript and any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the transcript at the Microsoft Investor Relations website until October 24, 2014. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements which are prediction, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the comments made during this conference call and in the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Before I hand the call over to Amy, I would like to remind you that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year. Also, please keep in mind that with our new segment reporting structure, adjustments for items such as upgrade offers, tech guarantees and presales are consolidated into corporate other to provide a comparison of operating results. Unless specified otherwise, all impacted numbers for the current quarter have been adjusted for the cumulative effect of last year's revenue deferral related to the Windows upgrade offer, Windows 8 presale, the Office offer and a $113 million revenue deferral in the current quarter, primarily related to Windows 8.1 presale. You can find details of adjustments and reconciliations of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures in our financial summary slide deck. With that I will turn it over to Amy.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Amy. With that, we are going to move on to the Q&A. Operator, please go head and repeat your instructions.
Chris Suh: Hi, John. This is Chris. I am going to jump in a little bit and let me Amy add on. I think the way to think about, the way we think about it is, we did see growth across annuity and non-annuity in the business. But also the changing dynamic is the mix of the dollars that are going into unearned revenue. As we build more contracts in some of our subscription offerings, that also changes the nature of the term. If you think about one-year subscription offerings and things like this, that has a little bit of effect on unearned revenue balance as well.
Chris Suh: Yes. Hi, Mark. This is Chris. Let me try to clarify the numbers, just so we are all on the same page. So we did say consumer Office did decline this quarter. Last quarter, you were right, we said about 5 points of impact. So the impact indeed was about what we expected but with the increase in attach, they tended to offset each other in the end. So the numbers came in pretty much as expected. So I think that's the right way to think about it.
Chris Suh: No. The best way to think about that, Mark, is if you look at, it's not an exact offset, but when I talked about the Commercial business all up, I gave the construct around products like Commercial Office, Commercial Server as all up across both prem, on-prem and Commercial. So we talked about Office growing 11% across both Commercial Licensing and Commercial Other in aggregate. If you look at the specific segment, you will see that Office in the Commercial Licensing segment actually grew 6%. So you can see that we are having outsized growth in the Commercial Other segment which is Office 365. So that, maybe, helps at least dimensionalize the size of the growth in relative term.
Chris Suh: I will take the first part of the question, so yes as I said on the call, the macro conditions in China, which is I think consistent with what some of the other companies that reported as well have been challenging. Our total revenue across all of our business, including PC related businesses were down year-over-year and I think that's overall impacting our results in China all up. I think the second part of your question was related to? Sorry, can you repeat your second question.
Chris Suh: Hi, Raimo. Thanks for the question. As we talked about, especially for this last quarter, Surface, we saw two things I will mention which is popularity of the Surface 32 gigabyte RT device. That one was more successful this last quarter. And we actually saw demand increase in both commercial and in the education customer segment as well. So we did see some improvement across both of those segment.
Chris Suh: So that wraps up today's earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those of you unable to attend in person, these events will generally be webcast and you will be able to follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact us if you need any additional details and thanks for joining us today.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Chris. As we look towards the second quarter, we are assuming the macro environment remains generally the same. With this, we expect many of the dynamics we saw in the first quarter to continue with strong performance in our commercial business and ongoing improvement in our consumer business. Importantly, we are set up for a terrific holiday season. We will have a wide variety of Windows-based devices in market. Earlier this week, we launched Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2, and in November, we will launch our next generation console, Xbox One. Building on the performance and unique experiences that gamers love, it will also deliver an innovative entertainment experience by bringing movies, music, sports and live TV together in one place. With that, let's get into the outlook. Starting with Devices and Consumer. In Licensing, we expect revenue to be $5.2 billion to $5.4 billion. This range reflects similar dynamics to what we saw in the first quarter. As I noted earlier, we expect the business PC market to be stable, however, the consumer PC market is subject to more volatility. In Hardware, we expect revenue to grow 35% to 45% to $3.8 billion to $4.1 billion, reflecting the expanded Surface line up and the much anticipated Xbox One launch. The 10 percentage point range reflects variability in device unit volumes. In the consumer hardware business, such variability is not uncommon, especially during launches and the holiday season. In Devices and Consumer Other, we expect revenue to be $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Search revenue should continue to grow reflecting improved revenue per search and query volume. As a reminder, in Q2 of the prior year, we launched Halo 4, which contributed $380 million of revenue to this segment. Now, moving onto Commercial. We expect revenue to grow 9% to 11%, in line with the first quarter. As we think about this part of the business, we are confident in our ability to continue to add value to our products while providing low total cost of ownership for our customers. In Commercial Licensing, we expect revenue to be $10.7 billion to $10.9 billion, with similar dynamics to what we saw in the first quarter. This includes healthy renewals and strong annuity revenue growth from volume licensing with Software Assurance. In Commercial Other, we expect revenue to be $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, reflecting ongoing momentum in our commercial cloud business and enterprise services. As CIOs increasingly look to capitalize on the opportunities of cloud computing, we are confident they will continue to look to Microsoft for their IT solutions. Moving on to cost of revenue, which we expect to be $7.9 billion to $8.3 billion next quarter. This range primarily relates to the unit variability assumed in hardware revenue. In Surface, we are still in the early stages of the lifecycle. As you know, there are many things that go into bringing hardware to market, including both variable and fixed costs. We are intensely focused on building volumes and achieving scale to cover these costs and get to profitability. As you think about the economic model for Xbox, you should keep in mind that console margins are just one aspect of the overall platform's financial performance. Attach with games, accessories and Xbox LIVE services, also contribute to the economic model. We expect the launch of Xbox One to be the biggest in Xbox history and we feel great about our ability to continue our leadership position in the living room. Moving onto operating expenses. We expect OpEx to grow 6% to 8%, to $8.5 billion to $8.6 billion. We also reaffirm our full-year guidance of $31.3 billion to $31.9 billion. We continue to invest in innovative experiences for our customers while remaining focused on expenses. We still expect full year capital expenditures to be about $6.5 billion, even though we only spent $1.2 billion in the first quarter. Given the nature of the investments, there is variability from quarter-to-quarter due to our success based approach as well as the timing of delivery and completion. We expect our tax rate for the full year to be between 18% and 20%, depending on our geographical mix of earnings. When adjusting for tech guarantees and product deferrals, we expect unearned revenue to be roughly in line with historical trends. In summary, I am really pleased with our results this quarter. It was a great start to the fiscal year as we executed and delivered across all of our businesses. We are on track with implementing the transformation of the company around the One Microsoft strategy, and at the same time are not missing a beat in executing faster. As we look forward to the second quarter, our enterprise business will remain strong and we are also set up for a fantastic holiday season with Surface, Xbox One and a host of devices from our partners, which will allow us to reach new customers and drive increased engagement. With that, I will turn it to Chris and we will take your questions.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Brent, for that question. When I think about the commercial business and focus on our unearned revenue growth of 14%, plus our bookings growth, which was quite strong as well, 6%. I think about the roadmap. The strength of the commitments the customers are making, is really forward-looking. It's a three-year commitment to the Microsoft platform both, to our cloud and on-prem solutions, the breadth and strength of that roadmap and our offerings, and in many ways that's what gives us the confidence that we are outperforming our peers. Also I it speaks a lot to the innovation in the roadmap we have shown, whether it's for Azure, Office 365 or our broader Server, what's the word, portfolio. I do feel quite good about both our competitive position and our ability to execute. I think we did a great job in the field this quarter, remaining focused on delivering what we needed to deliver to our customers and we were quite pleased.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Phil. I think it's a great question that gives me the opportunity to talk about the breadth of the portfolio that we will have to offer at holiday. And then talk a little bit about the gross margin profile and philosophy we have about those products. We are excited that we will have a great value offer at holiday with Xbox 360 and we will also have a great choice with our innovative Xbox One platform to really give us a good breadth rolling into holiday of selections across price points. We did, with Xbox One, make a decision to really enable a first-class experience out of the box. There's Kinect, there is a headset and there is the console. And depending on where you are around the globe, there may be a game included as part of bundled per geographic interest. As I have said, the best way always, to think about the life value of the Xbox plan is over its lifecycle. I am excited about the increased opportunity that Xbox One allows us to attach more and different services beyond what we have historically thought of it as simply a gaming platform and when I think about the opportunity going forward, it is important in Q2 to realize that will impact our growth margin in the short-term but winning the platform at holiday and our positioning to do that allows us to grow profitability in a far different way over the lifecycle. So hopefully, that helps.
Amy Hood: Let me add a little bit. I would have said, John, both of those things you said are true and both are good, which is I do think our unearned balance growing 14% year-over-year was better than we actually had expected, from our perspective. And we also saw very good non-annuity performance within the quarter, particularly in Office and in SQL which, I think, are very good signs, we believe, for both to see the strength broad based. As you know the annuity portion tends to be related to large customers making long-term commitments, some of the non annuity is exciting, but it tends to be smaller customers who have decided to go ahead and upgrade to the most recent version of Office, which is also encouraging.
Amy Hood: Let me try to break it up a little bit, Ken, to make sure I understand and get a chance to talk about the overall performance. Business was better than we expected, so actually ASPs were probably higher than many people had modeled and than we had expected, due to mix Growing 6% in the Pro segment was both, better than we expected and probably better than many people had considered. In the Consumer segment, the minus 22, taking out China to minus 17, I think is generally overall you take those two numbers probably in line with most of the device level estimates for PCs we have seen across the industry and from some of our peers reporting into system. I do think, we were impacted by some inventory levels. It did come down a bit actually this quarter as well, so I think overall we do think that things were probably more stable in the business segment and encouraging and then consumer and developed markets particularly were better than we had seen.
Amy Hood: Sure. Thanks, Keith. A couple of things. It was or going to - as you noted both by RPS improvements and volume improvements which is encouraging. I also think underlying matters some real technical improvements we made within the search engine, algos are better and the investments we are making are really allowing us to monetize at a higher level. We also saw some strength in a few other geos, which helped increase the performance there, so I do believe that that trend we expect to continue into 2Q.
Amy Hood: Good question, Heather. Let me talk about first the importance of the breadth of the offers that we are putting into market. With Windows 8.1, one focus we had was to expand both, the opportunity for screen sizes and to reach new price points and to cover really from the smallest to the largest with touch and non-touch. I think our ability to work with partners and some of the sales execution we have seen in the fields has led to have a broad opportunity at retail for holiday for devices. It is important. I do hope in some ways, this is a question that's a bit awkward. You always want to say ASP. It's good to have ASPs go up. Transparently going forward as we make more progress, especially in the smaller screen sizes, we should expect units to go up and be very excited about that in terms of share, but ASPs would trend down. I don't think that will have a material - our guidance does not assume a material impact to ASPs in Q2, but over the long-term I actually do understand the question and would expect ASPs to be on that trend line assuming we are successful in those lower end device sizes.
Amy Hood: Of course, I can't let Chris, I am going to add a little bit to the answer. Sorry. Mark, I do think it's important for us to continue to reiterate the importance of the success of the Office 365 Home Premium SKU from a strategic standpoint. We have done a very good job and I would say, as a mix percentage of the SKU, it continues to do even a little better than we had hoped in terms of execution at the endpoint and driving value. While that does have an impact on the initial ASP of the SKU, the long-term lifetime value of that product, in my belief, given the always up-to-date, first to see innovation, use across multi-endpoints, inclusion of Skype, inclusion of SkyDrive, really does allow for a higher lifetime value and ultimately a happy customer. So I really am encouraged by our progress and our execution there.
Amy Hood: Rick, let me clarify. The $150 million, you are right. It was actually just related to the consumer Office segment and had no broader connotation beyond that. So that $150 million in a quarter on consumer Office actually does have a meaningful impact to the gross of that especially versus PCs. So that being said, obviously, if we talked about the momentum in our broad Office 365 revenue, it is a bigger impact across not just Office, because I think that's actually not the way of thinking about Office 365 impact. There it's really around Exchange, Lync, SharePoint and the board Server impact there is actually more meaningful than its impact on maybe Office clients on the commercial side.
Amy Hood: Great. Let me divide that question. I think and you said two parts. Our Q2 guidance for devices and consumer licensing, really says that the trends we saw in Q1 on both sides continue in Q2, so I think that's an important distinction as you noted and asked for clarification on, so I hope that's helpful on that component. When it comes to end of life of XP, I tend to think about that more on the VL side as well and the strength there which will be in the commercial reporting segments. We continue to make progress on the XP install base and now a little over 75% of the PCs are running 7, so I do think as we continue to get to end of life of XP, you will see the impact more on the VL side of the business than you would in the device and consumer licensing segment.
Amy Hood: We haven't really talked specifically about our expectations for China on the Xbox, but let me take the second half of that question. Our performance in both, Office 365 and Azure has actually been quite good both, in the U.S. to your question and outside the U.S. Part of the reason that you have seen us investing on the capital expense side is to continue to build out the opportunity set, because we are seeing good demand outside the U.S. As you think our ability to be competitive there is just as high as it is here, so we have already seen that growth.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Jason. I think, overall, for holiday, given our guidance, we clearly do expect a healthy holiday performance across the portfolio. I say that because we do have offerings that provide great value from having Surface V1 RT still in market, Surface 2, Surface 2 Pro plus Xbox 360 plus Xbox One really does provide both a value portfolio and those who want the latest and greatest experience have something covered. The guidance does include good performance across all of those product lines. We did see, I think as Chris and I both talked about, a lot of progress in sales execution on Surface, in particular this quarter. And that does give us more confidence about our ability to execute again well in Q2. In particular, as you know, our RT did do quite well this quarter. And I look forward to seeing that continue with the Surface 2 device as well in holiday.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Kash. I think the one thing I would urge you to do, as you think about the guidance we gave, is looking specifically at the D&C Hardware guidance as well as making sure you are mapping the COGS very specifically to whatever assumption you are making in D&C Hardware, given the business model of Xbox that can and will have an impact in Q2 to the overall gross margin structure. So as you think through that, I think that's probably one of the assumptions that it may sound like using the midpoint could lead you a bit off, off of where I would have expected.
Amy Hood: Yes, I would say that another way is that, it was in retail and in education was where our RT performance.
Amy Hood: So I just want to make sure that was clear. It really was better execution at retail and in edu and I still look forward to building a commercial channel which we are just starting to do as we continue to add resellers to our model.
Amy Hood: Great. Let me take the second one first because it's the easiest. We still do expect transaction to close in the first calendar quarter of 2014, and post closing if there are any EPS impact changes to what we said before we will give them post-closing, so now back to your original question on SQL. That's a terrific one to get to talk about. Our growth there is as you said both, share growth and revenue growth. It happens, I think, generally both, in BI which we have seen a lot of traction with. I don't know if you have had a chance to see some of our Power View announcements recently. Our ability to sort of span from the end user to the hardest Big Data problems really has resonated both, in the market and with industry analysts who has taken a strong position that we are the real market leader there. The other thing I would say is, a very healthy performance of our premium SKUs. Our premium SKUs have continued to provide market growth and I think are competing quite well with the competition.
Amy Hood: Too good question, I do expect our annuity growth and the guidance we gave it still does assume double-digit annuity growth going forward, and I think our performance this quarter gives me confidence that the guidance in Q2 is the right one given our strengths and our competitive position. Secondly, on cloud revenue, your question gives me an opportunity to talk about the importance of our hybrid cloud. Within especially our server business, our ability to power the cloud whether you want to run it, you want a service provider to run it or you want to use ours, is really an incredibly powerful story and I think in some ways whether or not cannibalizing becomes somewhat difficult. What we generally found right now is that it has been often additive, if you look at our server growth all up which we try to provide to help give some parameters around that, to give us some confidence that we are both, growing the base and providing additive opportunity. I think that's the number I would probably look to, to see the impact there.
Amy Hood: Great. Thanks, Kirk. Two things, I do think it's interesting. Maybe the best example of how to think about us moving beyond our traditional markets is the fact that we were the first to commence a data center in China, a market that we have historically had challenges monetizing at a high level. We went there, we are going there with Office 365 and Azure, we look forward to being able to make progress, we are investing both, headcount and capital dollars, because we do believe this provides interesting opportunity for us to begin monetizing end markets that have been harder for us to grow, maybe with our more traditional business model. Secondly with Azure, I think we have seen both, but the thing I would say is what has been really helpful is that as we make it easier to attach Azure services to our normal rhythm in the field for enterprise agreements and through licensing. It provides a really helpful way and a really easy selling motion to provide customers flexibility. We added in the normal rhythm of the sales motion. We allow people to try, use and buy. And that has served us well in terms of being able to expose Azure to more and more customers in a normal selling cycle. So I think that's probably one of the better ways. It's the same actual selling rhythm we have used with Office 365 so successfully. And with that, I wanted to say thank you. I know that this quarter, we changed reporting segments and that requires a lot of work. So thank you for all the work put in to understand our transition that we are trying to make as a company. So I am going to turn it back to Chris to say his final words.
