Satya Nadella: Thanks, Mark. Maybe I'll start and Amy you can add to it. I think one of the things that we're seeing is the COVID impact has put a lot of constraints on our all our customers. But the one structural change is the digital technology is becoming critical even for core resilience and business continuity and to deal with what is going to be a structurally changed customer behavior and expectations. So as a tech company with that comprehensive differentiated portfolio all the way from business applications, industry solutions to infrastructure, I think, we benefit from that and that's what you saw this quarter. But more importantly, for me, Mark, when I look at the next 10 years of what compute and digital technology will do across industries, that's the opportunity that we are obviously staying very, very focused on and investing in.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Brent. Maybe again I'll start, Amy you can add. I would say again with Azure, some of the core differentiation we have whether it comes to our hybrid leadership, some of the new data products that are highly differentiated and competitive in the marketplace as well as the integration with every other layer of our stack whether it's the dev layer with Power Platform or Github or with Teams to Power Apps to Azure DB, the industry solutions we now have in healthcare and in retail are all leading to that time to value the price differentiation and cost advantage to customers and most importantly, agility -- their ability to build their own digital capability. So that's what you see in the acceleration around Azure. But when we think about Microsoft Cloud, we think about all the parts coming together to deliver value and differentiation to our customers.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I mean just one quick thing I would add is, when you look at Microsoft 365, I think, one of the things that one of the best things I've seen recently is when a customer talked about all the things that they're using compared to even just last year to now, that is new value from Office 365 and the usage depth and increase. That's I think really the real power of that franchise going forward. And so I hope, as shareholders, look at what's the depth and breadth of the offering and the usage and the usage depth by account, which I think is what at least we are investing and tracking closely.
Satya Nadella: No, thanks much Keith for the question. That is absolutely right and I think I commented on this earlier as well in our calls which is we built Teams as essentially this tool that brings together multiple capabilities. It brings together chat. It brings together meetings, collaboration that is office collaboration as well as business process workflow all into one scaffolding. That's the biggest breakthrough of Teams. In the past obviously we had suites of tools but this is the first product more so than Outlook was even in terms of being able to integrate communications, collaboration and business process and that's what you see when we talked about it. In my comments that's why one of the things I stressed was what was happening with just line of business applications before any SaaS application ours or others the reality is the most usage in any enterprise is line of business applications that were built custom by that enterprise and their IT organizations for all the departments whether it's HR or finance or operations. That is really one of the bigger drivers of Teams usage as a platform capability. So you can think you brought up first line. There is some shift scheduling application, some inventory counting application that the frontline person is using on a mobile phone with Teams but the inventory management app was just a Power app built using Power apps so that is what you're seeing and then of course the integrations into dynamics, integrations into all SaaS applications whether it's workday or whether it's SAP or whether it is ServiceNow and even Salesforce all of these applications are getting integrated into Teams very rapidly and so that's the power of Teams as a platform capability that we're seeing and you're absolutely right that this is no longer about just knowledge workers collaborating. In fact, if anything it's about knowledge workers collaborating and enabling frontline workers with more of these work to participate with digital tools in the workflow versus being disconnected. 
Satya Nadella: Maybe I'll just talk about broadly how I think both at Microsoft as well as what we are seeing as this return to work. I think the key thing Mark we just think about is there will be more flexibility in terms of time, where they work even, the site's people work because I think the expectations have changed. We obviously are not going to have the same constraints going forward. So I'm not at all assuming that we just remain as is all the way going forward. But at the same time there is no return to January of 2020. So therefore what I think is key for us is to really should maintain flexibility and that's why even going back to the conversation around Teams it's not like the work only happens in online meetings. Work happens before meetings, during meetings, after meetings and especially in hybrid work you need that sophisticated set of tools that really track workflow irrespective of who is where and so that's what we are focused on and in our own policies we have laid out of policies which give more flexibility and it'll be different by function, different by geography, different in time. So that's how we expect essentially work to evolve. I don't know Amy if you want to add a little more on the expense side.
Satya Nadella: Yes. We are very-very focused on what we think is modern business process applications Walter. The way I look at it is there's a complete rethink on even if you take the previous conversation around what are the workflows that need to get integrated into a communications tools such that there is real continuity between frontlines to knowledge worker to business process. I think that opens up even a ton of opportunity. I mean take something like even digital twins and the level of automation that one can bring even into manufacturing. So the combination of an Azure pass service to SaaS capabilities in Dynamics 365 can be very transformative to digital manufacturing which is probably going to be one of the bigger trends going forward. Same thing in supply chain. So it's a pretty important area for us, business process and business applications participation if you will, will be both on the Azure side, on the data side, on the AI side and the biz apps side as well as Power apps. So it's not one narrow category because I think most people the way you measure business applications and the categories of business and applications is pretty narrow but business process is much broader than that and so that's I think at least what we are building towards.
Satya Nadella: Yes. Maybe I'll start Amy you can add to this. On Xcloud it's very early days but we are very excited about fundamentally the expansion opportunity it provides. So the service today really allows us to take our catalog and not be limited to any of the traditional endpoints in particular the console and the PC and expand beyond that and so as you can imagine that I think from a reach perspective is very exciting to us and the fact that we now have a technology solution to do so we are in the very early innings of it while at the same time ensuring that we are doing a fantastic job for all our console gamers and PC gamers is going to be how we'll approach the value of our subscriptions.
Amy Hood: And, Mark, maybe to the second-half of your question on being past some tougher comparables, I don't think we are and it's why I mentioned a couple of them, most particularly, I think, the OEM number with the pro end of support in Q3 and we did have another strong end of support for the server on-prem number. And so those are the two for Q3 in particular that I would make sure to call out.
Amy Hood: There's a couple of things, Karl, in the PBP guide and let me break them down a little bit. As you heard, actually, almost all the components in Q3 have sort of consistent to slightly better execution, right?. So there is upside that we saw in LinkedIn. There is upside in Office Commercial. There is upside that's reflected in the stronger subscriptions number we saw in consumer and there is good execution and dynamics. So for me, it's a bit more and then we'll come back and talk about Microsoft 365 all up in a second. Each of those pieces, there is really consistent performance into Q3, which is good. And so when you think about Office 365, interestingly, what we're seeing is a lot of the things we had seen before. But remember, we had a pretty tough comp a year ago in Office Commercial. And so for me, I look and say, gosh, we did great execution. We saw some improving trends in seat growth in the frontline; improving trends in SMB that won't yet be reflected, of course, in revenue; seeing good trial conversion, which again speaks to forward revenue more than in-quarter revenue given that's all subscription. And we saw - so you see better seat growth, good conversion and good E5 selling. So I actually feel pretty good leaving Q2 and entering Q3 in terms of value that customers are getting out of the subscriptions that they've got and the conversions that we're seeing in market.
Amy Hood: Yes, I think what I would add is maybe to take a step back from the narrowness in some ways of the question Mark and expanded to say the overall expense logic that we have going forward and in many ways that's why I talked about, we've seen headcount growth of over 10% in the past year as we invest in the significant opportunities we see and having customers be successful and that's at a time when frankly we are coming up on the anniversary across many spots of the world of where we've been working remotely for close to a year. And so it's about continuing to invest in those places, looking and learning about the types of flexibility that we are able to provide our own employees, what travel patterns need to look like and of course will do what it takes to deliver success to customer which should be the driving force behind how we invest in that segment and finally as there is obviously lots of opportunity for us to continue to be flexible in how we work specifically which is where Satya talked about. But this is a pretty broad conversation and in many ways I think talks to a broader rethink of what productivity means across every industry and every role which I actually think is a very exciting time both for Microsoft 365 and lots of the tools we are developing.
Amy Hood: And maybe just to add a bit to that Satya just I think for us one of the exciting parts about dynamics and for shareholders is the expansiveness of that redefinition by industry and even the terms and categorization today that define biz apps I think we'll see are quite large and will be addressed not just with our dynamics product portfolio but partially with our LinkedIn portfolio, with our Power platform portfolio, with Microsoft 365 as well as Azure and I think that and thinking about it holistically is why it's so important for us and why we keep coming back to the commercial cloud as our frame. It's how customers see the solution. It's how we sell. It's how solutions are actually implemented for business process change.
Amy Hood: Yes, in general Brad it's a very good question because the things you tend to watch that can move it quarter to quarter or things like you've mentioned whether it's the settlement this quarter, whether it's for free cash flow, the timing of cash capital expenditures versus on an accrual basis but overall it really should move in line with operating income generally and really reflect the fundamentals of our business execution. It's been something we focused on and I do feel like strong sales improving margins especially in the cloud have all benefited us on those lines.
