Ruth Porat: So the focus is an ROE focus as opposed to a revenue focus. And as we indicated we have a number of areas that are driving the overall ROE higher. First and foremost we talked about Commodities and the steps that we’re taking in Commodities. We are selling two physical oil businesses there, the first one as we’ve talked about; we have announced the sale to Rosneft. In December we expect it to close in the second half of ’14. The PBT in that business is essentially breakeven and it has about $4 billion risk weighted assets, so accretive to returns there. With respect to the second business TransMontaigne we’ll share more when we have something to say on that. With respect to moving to centralize -- the move to centralized management we have a very systematic and clinical approach really to optimizing returns within each of our businesses. It’s a focus on revenues, expenses and capital and we’re continuing to balance those to drive returns and rates as we have in other businesses across the platform.
Ruth Porat: As I said we’re really focused on the overall returns in the business and we’re looking at within each of the product areas revenues, optimizing revenues, expenses and capital and so we’ve really driven returns within the FICC across products to levels on a normalized basis that are at or above cost to capital. We in fact made significant improvement in foreign exchange this year, this past year and are at this point operating with returns basically in line with our cost of capital when you look at RWA’s on a normalized basis, so the next one to add here with the same approach is rates.
Ruth Porat: So you’re right. We have been reducing risk weighted assets within Fixed Income but the reason there’s an addition here is a key component of the calculation is ops risk that captures litigation. And so with the higher reserve here in the fourth quarter that would change the overall calculation of the ops risk capital charge, so that’s what you’re seeing.
Ruth Porat: So the way it works is, with the addition of a sizable data point within the overall distribution of data points you have to calculate ops risk. Once you add a more sizable data point as we did here, data in the tail would affect the overall calculation. Smaller pieces kind of in the belly of the distribution don’t actually have an impact on the capital charge and once it is in the dataset it remains in the dataset until you see a change in the distribution, so it is in there for some time.
Ruth Porat: So overall loan growth is important to Morgan Stanley across businesses; we’re having deployments supporting growth in institutional securities as well as Wealth Management and in fact on the ROE walk it's the most important incremental driver to returns. But to your quarter with respect to Wealth Management what you’re seeing is the benefit of the growing deposits that are asset optimization and then what that translates into. Growth is across both PLA or the securities based lending product and residential mortgage. There’s more of it in PLA, although I would say in the mortgage side we’ve continued to see strong demand. Historically we were deliberately constraining production there because we were both focused on client experience and in fact applications were up in the quarter. But the bigger part of the growth has been PLA. And again what we’re benefiting from here as we’ve talked about on prior calls is we’re under-penetrated relative to our peers, this is very logical consistent product for them.
Ruth Porat: We have been working through that, it's a complex calculation in particular with respect to the net long CDS sold portion of it is as you know well. Our preliminary calculation is we are approaching 4% on that basis well above the 3% required.
Ruth Porat: Well the path to greater than 5% in 2015 and again that’s including an assumption about increasing returns of capital as I just break them down into the numerator and denominator. In the numerator not only do we benefit from earnings accretion, but there is a multiplier effect because of certain deductions most notably DTA and the investment capacity deduction. The investment capacity is based on the size of Tier 1 capital so certainly as Tier 1 capital increases you have a larger basket smaller deduction of holding capital against certain items that fall into that basket amount like our joint venture in MUMSS at each end of the bucket. So when the bucket gets bigger there are fewer deductions. And then there are specific steps that we can take to focus, and that we are taking to focus on items that are captured in the investment bucket. So I would think of it, its earnings accretions and a multiplier impact on that for the reasons that I just described. And when it's being efficient with some of those numerator deductions that’s not a -- that doesn’t have an impact on revenue. Preferred obviously also adds to the numerator. You can do – so the dividends, you could say, would be the deduct, but it adds to the overall Tier 1 capital and as well to therefore the investment bucket. In the denominator, we continue to have a benefit from the RWA rundown and as we've talked about, that's in areas that are not accretive to revenue. And I'd say the other one that is important is compression. And I would put that in the bucket of just good hygiene. So we've invested quite a bit in central clearing, back loading into central clearing. It gives us great opportunity for compression. We're seeing more interest in that from banks on both sides of the Atlantic, and again that's just in the category of good hygiene. So I think that we're very comfortable with the implications of this, the various levers we have to move up to the greater than 5%.
Ruth Porat: No. And the assumption on – that's embedded in this slide is consensus earnings, but I'd say that the other items that I enumerated are quite very important and no, there isn't enough change in the assumption on some of the other items.
Ruth Porat: So let me answer that by pointing you back, for example, to Commodities. We've talked about the thing we are clinically focused on is driving returns higher in that business. And to your question you focused on one of the three levers, it's revenues, it's expenses and it's capital optimization. So as I indicated, with the business that is being sold throughout and after this point, it is essentially PVT breakeven from Morgan Stanley. It has about 4 billion of risk-weighted assets in it, so yes, there may be a diminution in revenues there but when you look at the cost structure running that type of business within BHC, it's more valuable in the hands of an investor or player. We have higher capital liquidity levels associated with the business and that's why we say what we're looking at is ROE. That is smart move for us, for the business, for our stakeholders, it's accretive to ROE although there are some revenues that go with it.
Ruth Porat: So that obviously refers to the potential implied financing costs around collateralized derivatives to the extent that those are observable. We do continue to evaluate it. There has been a lot of industry discussion around FBA. In our view, transparency has been lacking and today in our opinion there is not a basis to take the adjustment. From a risk management perspective, we do allocate capital and liquidity down to the product in debt level across our sales and trading businesses, so liquidity is allocated based on our liquidity funding model which models outflows in a stressed environment, and those are as I said allocated down to the product level. So from a risk management perspective, the businesses are being charged appropriately. That is different from seeing transparency in the marketplace.
Ruth Porat: So the ISG comp ratio, I think you have this, is down from 45% to 42% this year. We did bring down the deferral rate as we indicated we would, so the deferral rate has come down. And when you think about our comp ratio on a go-forward basis, our view is that it will trend down to about that 40% range.
Ruth Porat: Let me answer it this way. Our view is that the way to maximize return of capital over the longer term is to request steady consistent increases in capital returns in the interim as opposed to any type of discontinuous move. So given the ongoing accretion to capital and the higher ratios at Morgan Stanley, we think now it's the right time to increase the size of our share repurchase program and begin to increase the dividend. But I'd start it with our philosophy because I think it's an important way to frame how we think about legging in to any kind of change.
Ruth Porat: I think you have a couple of questions in there. We've laid out the asset growth by product and I discussed it in a conference earlier in the year. The loan growth overall is supporting both, as I said, product and Wealth Management as well as institutional securities. So we talked already about mortgage and PLA within Wealth Management. In institutional securities, the product is similarly very consistent with our client franchise where we have strong domain expertise areas like commercial real estate, project finance, continuing to expand with our clients. It is primarily HFI. We've really migrated to HFI over the last several years and we see this as prudent, steady growth across a suite of products to support growth in those two businesses. We've laid out the products and the deck that James went though, so you can get a sense of the suite of products on both sides.
Ruth Porat: We gave two targets and let me make sure we're very clear. When we focus on increasing the PVT margin in Wealth Management, we kept it on a basis consistent with the way we described it last year. So last year we had a Wealth Management target of 20% to 22%. We said we were holding rates and equity markets constant. And so as we hit our 20% PVT margin this quarter, excluding the impairments of 20% PBT margin. We took our guidance up for Wealth Management and that again is holding rates constant. We don’t give ourselves the benefit of even the forward yield curve. It's holding rates where they are today and holding equity markets where they are today. If we now switch over to our ROE walk and look at the upside that comes from the bank with respect to the upside in the bank and the slides that looks at asset optimization and the yield on the various categories, in that we have embedded the forward yield curve and nothing more than the forward yield curve. So we try to give you a lot of the pieces with respect to asset growth and the mix and that assumption so that you can do all the sensitivities that you think are appropriate given your outlook on the market.
Ruth Porat: We’re in a very strong business with PV and I would say that they has been a quite substantial change overall in prime brokerage over the last several years a restructuring of that business and the way the business is funded post to ’08 it's, so we’re in a strong position with balances, I think that’s reflecting the strength of it and the overall contribution of the franchise. So we feel very good about where we’re in the business, very important business to us and we’re – the team continues to deliver.
Ruth Porat: So a couple of parts to that question as well. As a reminder Fixed Income and Commodity is made up of the Fixed Income product and Commodities, two separate – two different businesses that on the one hand Commodities on the other, we were substantially weaker in Commodities down meaningfully quarter-over-quarter. The thick revenues excluding Commodities are up quarter-over-quarter not withstanding the bigger drag in CVA due to spread tightening. So in our securitized products area in credit and foreign exchange they were all up in the quarter. So to your second part of your question I feel good about the direction of those businesses, rates was down as with the market and our view is that we can continue to do to deliver more in that business which is why it was highlighted in James’s comments.
Ruth Porat: Well attrition in our business you can see from the headcount numbers, it continue to be very low. It's actually down a bit this quarter from the very low levels that we’ve been talking about and we think that has a lot to do with the quality of the platform and when you look at our ongoing growth in assets you’re reaching 1.9 trillion this quarter I think again the clients are speaking and FA’s are speaking.
Ruth Porat: So the rates have moved up a bit since we provided that guidance, and that’s why we attempted in the material here and in the slide deck to break out the various component parts of it. You can apply whatever timeline you want to it and look at it at various points sometime, and so clearly in rising rate environment there would be some, be it mostly higher increase in deposit costs as well, but overall we have meaningful operating leverage from this. I think again one of the key points for us with respect to the bank is the cost structure of the bank. We don’t have client acquisition cost because we’re talking about our embedded client base both on the Wealth Management side and on the institutional security side. We don’t have bricks and mortar. We have made the investments, fruitfully all of the investments that needed we continue to invest in the businesses of course in particular to continue to improve the customer experience. But as a result the incremental margin on this product is very high for Morgan Stanley, substantially higher than it is today and it's not just -- that we’ve clearly benefited from a rising rate environment and look forward to that whenever that may occur, but it's also the cost structure of that business that is very different.
Ruth Porat: Well as James said this reserve coupled with the reserves to date are appropriate based on what we now know and that being said litigation is the biggest headway for the industry, but this is obviously a substantial move.
Ruth Porat: So the pipeline does remain strong. I think most gratifying is the pick up in M&A momentum coming from CO confidence that we’ve all been looking for, for quite some time now and it's really on the back of more data that supports the thesis of global economic growth. We are seeing more cross-border activity. We've talked about that on some prior calls. The Century deal that we announced early this week is yet another data point in that trend. We think that's an important one. I did comment that we're seeing more activity with corporate. I think last year much of it was much more about financial sponsor activity but now we're also seeing more corporate activity. And very valuable is increased participation from Europe as well, have pretty subdued there for quite some time. We feel good about where this is and if you look historically, M&A still at pretty low levels. Equity underwriting momentum continues industry wide and globally and I think with debt underwriting, it's less of forward calendar, but given debt related financings, expect some ongoing strength in that area as well.
Ruth Porat: What I'd like to add to it because it's the most important incremental driver to ROE is the bank. I've commented on higher yield to asset optimization and the cost structure we have. We also have growing deposits and those are contractual. It's part of the acquisition from Citi that we're now getting in 1.75 billion of deposits per month to the middle of next year. So the result is a higher return on a larger base and given the cost structure, the incremental margin is substantial as I've already noted, so essentially just all drops to the bottom line. You start with that. I'll let you do your own forecasting and map on that plus the Wealth Management, higher profitability that we laid out here on this slide. And Fixed Income, yes, we are talking steps. We are moving it forward but we're not assuming a recovery in the FICC market, so that's not the biggest driver, not much there. And then we have more on the expense reduction program to come in, as James says, and finally the increasing returns of capital over time. So I just want to make sure you've got the full list. And again the importance of the bank is not to be understated.
Ruth Porat: I'll refer you to the slides that James went through where we tried to break out the key components of it.
Ruth Porat: If I break it down into the two sides of the business that are benefiting most from deposits. First, on the Wealth Management side; lending to clients where we have the deep relationship. Their assets are here at Morgan Stanley. And what we have talked about is we're underpenetrated relative to peers with lending product had not historically been a focus for our system. And over the last several years, we've been building up the number of bank advisors who sit with financial advisors providing the requisite support for their client base. So we're starting in a position where we're underpenetrated, have the client assets with us. This is product the clients want. It's simple products. For example, PLA our securities and base lending program enables clients to maintain their portfolio as is, but continued to invest as they wanted. So it's a very productive add on to the work that they're already doing with us. And again, given this is product that's significantly over-collateralized and as I've said with our existing client base, we've had virtually no credit losses to-date. It's mostly floating rate product and you're seeing growth – we're seeing nice growth in that. It's the bigger part of lending growth within Wealth Management and I'll refer you back to the conference I did earlier in the year where there's more detail on that one. In the mortgage side, we are continuing to see strong demand. To be fair, it's off of a low base but we were deliberately constraining production there, as I already noted, so continuing to see upside in that business. If you switch over to the institutional security side, we have historically been focused on relationship lending and event lending, if you were to expect, and what we're now adding our – well, I always characterize it like sleeves of product, all modestly sized that are consistent with the client franchise that we have. So this is business that otherwise we were not doing with our existing client franchise. This gives us the opportunity to continue to delve and that's what we've been doing in areas like commercial, real estate and project finance.
Ruth Porat: The main point, as I said, about the 9% ROE starting point for the firm is that within Fixed Income we are driving a return on capital that's in excess of our cost of capital. And as we indicated, with the steps in Commodities there is continued improvement in that ROE. In Fixed Income across a number of products we've already reached that type of return looking at RWAs or your capital on a normalized basis. We've added foreign exchange in 2013 notwithstanding what was challenging – more challenging foreign exchange market environment and we are looking to do the same with rate. So, it is very much if we are looking at what's the return for the overall firm, it is about achieving those types of returns for Fixed Income. But I'll repeat what I already said, which is, we are not assuming a recovery in the FICC market industry-wide in 2014. So, it is not much of a driver to the upside in our ROE.
Ruth Porat: So on the -- when we described or show the growth in assets for the bank to be clear, that’s looking at the asset side, so we have deposit growth, but we have equity supporting the bank. So that’s the -- that’s the asset side of the equation a bit higher than the deposit growth that we’re talking about. When we go to the potential offsets we’re looking at this ongoing, on boarding of deposits and yes it is built into our statements that it will be greater than 5% in 2015 with growing returns of capital. We manage overall the balance sheet to put – our balance sheet and capital behind growth areas within the firm, so we built in the capacity to have growth within the firm across our various businesses including the obvious deposit on boarding and so that’s one potential offset that has been incorporated into our outlook and the greater than 5% and then capital returns I think speaks to itself.
Ruth Porat: We are already at about 6% on the -- on our larger bank MSBNA and even higher than that on the other bank. We capitalized those banks to support the growth that we anticipate and so those are already in a strong position.
Ruth Porat: Our view is that we have a very strong flight path to greater than 5% in 2015 and that incorporates returns of capital. And so that doesn’t serve as a constraint and so the CCAR process is -- it was obviously an annual process. We feel very good about what we have done over the last several years and last year with the consistency of the businesses that we have the ongoing accretion of capital, the ratios that we have, but we don’t view the SLR as a constraint on that because we built into our forward look return, increasing returns of capital.
James Gorman: I would just add to that Mike. I wouldn’t draw a lot on percentage movements off of that number which is a fairly modest number to begin with to be perfectly frank. So I would focus more on the business mix as Ruth described, part of the business did well, parts of it didn’t. The new management has a plan to drive this higher and we come from where they plan.
James Gorman: Listen, this is a journey. Three years ago I think our ROE was close to 2%, two years ago it was about 5%; this year exited litigation is about 7%. You’ll see on that chart Mike that we’ve got return target of 10 plus percent and then we talk about the additional upside, so you control your own conclusions from that. But I think we’ve said pretty consistently we were a kind of one step at a time management team. The one step is to get us to 10% and we’ll do what that happy opportunity once we get there, so lets just play it out at a time.
James Gorman: I don’t expect material changes for the investment management business plus broker, I mean we had a lot more capital tied up in that business pre-crises. The bad news is we wrote a lot it off unfortunately, the good news is we now had much of those capital tied up in the business.
James Gorman: The key on the litigation is, we wanted to make significant progress. It's estimable and probable and working with our legal team and finance and some that’s where we came out. So from what we see we made significant progress.
James Gorman: I would just add at a sort of macro level if you think about it simplistically, comp to revenue ratios aren't going to change a whole lot, certainly going to be – we broke them down this year given revenues went up and we would expect them to come down as revenues go up. So that's kind of known. The firm is being managed very tightly from other non-comp expense basis. We have a comprehensive worldwide effort, as Ruth just referred to, making progress on that. And we're not going to take our foot off that. We're going to be driving those non-comps very aggressively. So it's really just the question what the revenues are. I think the clarity of our expense base is probably as high as it's been for a long time. And now, as we said with this substantial progress on the litigation behind us, it really is a revenue show right now.
James Gorman: Listen, I think let's take one step at a time. We're in the CCAR process now. We had our first capital outlay last year which was the final acquisitions of Smith Barney. We had our first buyback last year since 2008 which was starting the $500 million tranche. We're participating in CCAR right now. We'll get the results of that in the first quarter. Let's just take our projections from then on.
James Gorman: Boy, that's a pretty broad one. Honestly, we run the business and aspire to run it as well as anybody in the industry. We're constructively with the regulators. There are obviously some differences across FINRA and SEC but I'm not going to get into predicting harmonization impact on us. I would be very, very surprised if there are any material impacts on our business based upon any harmonization.
