Ruth Porat: With respect to investment banking, I think you summarized it well that it's really a function of timing and the calendar can end up being lumpy. I think we're seeing real strength in the investment banking pipeline, as I indicated and came off a strong fourth quarter. So we're feeling very good about the investment banking business across the board. With respect to FIC, revenues across all the fixed income products improved from the fourth quarter. Our view is that that contribution of the additional hiring will be measured over the coming quarters then it’s monthly quarter build as we’ve talked about in the past. So, there’ll be more to talk about that in the quarters to come.
Ruth Porat: Well, we don't talk about specific investments until, there's something material to talk about. But with the planned disposition of revel, all of the remaining substitutive items on that schedule are subject to mark-to-market and the marks are about $0.25 on the dollar.
Ruth Porat: No. I think it's still too early. The rules are unclear. Hopefully, we'll get clarity sooner rather than later but at this point, I think it's premature.
Ruth Porat: Glenn, fair question. As a long-standing matter of policy, we don't comment on regulatory matters, unless we've included their material. So I wanted to give you that upfront disclosure. But assuming that question might have come up and given the uniqueness of the events on Friday, I just want to confirm we have not received a wells notice in connection with our CDO business.
Ruth Porat: There has been no change in the thinking. We went up modestly from the fourth quarter 15.5 to 16 times, but we're very comfortable in that, that zip code and that's what we're managing to.
Ruth Porat: That came down some because of the stress loss component of calculating allocated capital to the various businesses.
Ruth Porat: You've clearly focused on the right line, not surprisingly. The parent capital, as we've talked about in the past, our assumption is that over time that will be allocated to our businesses and that's a function of ongoing regulatory requirements and change, as we look at allocating that capital across the businesses. But that is the intent that parent capital, or that is the assumption that parent capital will be allocated and the assumption is disproportionately that will be going to support the institutional securities business.
Ruth Porat: It – it's at the parent level and I'm not – I don't think there's – it's at the parent level. We thought it most accurately kind of reflects our capital and – but it's fair to assume it will be allocated.
Ruth Porat: That was a little confusing, I agree. So as part of our conversion to a financial holding company, this is going from Basel I, SEC Basel I Fed – a number of our models were reviewed. And as part of that, we moved CVA into trading VAR and that's the noise in the trading – in the trading VAR number that you saw. And so on an apples-to-apples basis, the VAR number declined from 152 to 143.
Ruth Porat: I think the confusion is that the VAR numbers haven't been recasted yet, or the CBA move that I just described, so it will be harder to look – to read through those and we'll be breaking all of that out fully in the 10-Q.
Ruth Porat: Well, as I think I noted broadening across sectors and across cost products and we're feeling good about the implication for how our clients are looking at moving forward.
Ruth Porat: Well, I guess two different things. We don't break out the derivatives revenue specifically, but overall, with respect to legislation, our view is that we do expect and look forward to seeing derivatives legislation. I think our view very much is that reporting clearing for derivatives would enhance the overall market and with respect to exchange trading on standardized products, we'll see. But I think the big question is with greater transparency reporting clearing, what does that do for the overall size of the market? So it's hard to estimate at this point, but I think the main point is we are looking forward to seeing that legislation done.
Ruth Porat: I think we've been careful to say that it builds over time, so we're pleased to have brought the talent into the firm and integrating well and it will be a systematic build over time. I think, we are still focused on catalytic hires, as we're calling them, talent wants to come onto the platform where it makes sense to add. But it's going to be a steady build. We've talked about disciplined execution and with disciplined execution, means that it is a steady build.
Ruth Porat: Yeah. Exactly. The fourth quarter distorted the view due to DDA, which was primarily reflected in the Europe line. And so when you look at the regional revenues in the first quarter, I think you're seeing a more normalized geographic distribution of our revenues.
Ruth Porat: It's really both. I think this quarter, you noted our PVT margin went from 7.4 last quarter to 9% this quarter, although revenues were relatively flat. And that was due to a more muted retail environment. Not just the investor activity more muted, but also the flow-through from the investment banking activity with investment banking down. That does affect the wealth management business because there's obviously a relationship between the two, as we distribute products through wealth management, so more muted activity there which flows down into PBT. I think as we're looking at the business and looking out to the 2011 targets that James mentioned. It will be a combination of revenues, which, of course, is market dependent, as well as the integration effort and cost saving programs that we continue to execute upon.
Ruth Porat: I think we benefited from a strong market and strong execution. And so with respect to execution, it's the building block for the addition of people. There's – footprint is obviously an important part of the story. That's a multi-quarter story, as well as the team executing. And with respect to the businesses, we did have strength across the platform. You had mentioned rates and I wanted to make sure it was corporate credit as well that was important. I think you had made some other comments.
Ruth Porat: It was obviously a lower volatility market across asset classes. And it did offer. So I think what we were seeing is activity strong, notwithstanding the backdrop.
Ruth Porat: We don't actually break it out, although I think we stopped. Clearly, as I noted, strengthened both to add the client balances and prime brokerage continue to increase. And we're continuing to build the equity derivatives business. I think I'm being quite repetitive on the theme, which is a multi-quarter execution strategy. And we're seeing progress in both.
Ruth Porat: I don't have the breakout. As you said, we've hired them over the period and carried some guarding lease, some not. staggered coming on and really the ramp up in particular, as you know with a client chasing business and trading business, it takes a period of time to really ramp up to kind of full throttle. A number of people, I think you've heard a lot of the names with Jack DiMaio coming in last year running RCC and Alex Ehrlich running prime brokerage, Luc Francois, our Global Co-Head of Equities and we can go down the list. That has really staggered through the year, this quarter rather adding on.
Ruth Porat: Yean. Our view is that the regulatory environment still remains unclear. We're expecting capital liquidity requirements to go up and we're planning for that. But until there's clarity with respect to capital levels, A and B, until we've delivered a number of quarters to profitability, we think it would be premature to talk about either share repurchase or dividends, so something on the horizon.
Ruth Porat: Well, a couple of things on compensation, we did. We accrued at the rate of 41%. And in thinking about the accrual over the year, we took into consideration the U.K. bonus tax to be paid in the second quarter. And so, net-net, our comp ratio was down from 46% to 41% and ISG consistent with our comments that we would be looking to bring down our comp ratio. I think you know this, but just to be clear given our comp ratio for the firm as a whole – it consists of two parts that are quite different from most of our peers. It's important just to highlight that on the Smith Barney, Morgan Stanley, Smith Barney side, that comp ratio is higher at the 64% line. I mentioned it's stickier, there's a formulae grid payout. So those two, given they are quite different, should be considered in thinking about the overall comp ratio.
Ruth Porat: We plan to dispose off Revel within a year, within the next 12 months. And not sure what else you would like me to comment on. We're in the early stages of that sale process, having just made determinations that it's appropriate to sell. So we've had preliminary discussions, but we will be looking to dispose over the year.
Ruth Porat: The liquidity levels are at about the same level. I think it's around $155 billion. And we continue to manage it the same way, with the contingency funding plan, downside stress planning. We feel comfortable. And that detail obviously will be in the Q4 as well.
Ruth Porat: I think consistent with the strength in our overall investment banking business. We look at the non-investment grade lending as a core part of that business. And so you'll continue to see us working with our clients as we did this quarter, as James indicated.
Ruth Porat: Right. And one of the reasons we started with the leadership team setting the strategy and very important, the hiring, as footprint is an important element of this. There is a velocity element that's key. And so our view is we've laid the foundation for growth. And Colm and Paul are intently focused on that, same time we'll be focused on expenses. So starts with revenue, but we're focused up and down the P&L. And that's – I'll let you forecast out what you think that might mean.
Guy Moszkowski: And I also noticed that although you did have a pretty significant increase in revenues in the institutional securities area and the assets did go up overall, as I pointed out. Your capital allocated to the institutional services business actually declined somewhat in the quarter. I mean, it's reported average, but it was down from 16.9 to I think $16.3 billion. Of course, you generated $800 million in profitability more or less in that business unit. I was a little surprised to see the allocation come down among the competitors we're actually seeing some of those allocations go up. So I was wondering if you could talk about your thinking behind that.
Guy Moszkowski: Would we expect, though, that given that you – or should we expect that given that you have completed at least the first phase of pretty significant hiring program that you might be allocating more of that sort of unallocated parent capital back into the institutional securities business, or is that not really…
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just one more quick question on Global Wealth Management. Those integration costs that you alluded to, which were about $100 million I think in the quarter.
