Tom Faust: Yes, thank Gerry. A couple of things; I mentioned one is we have quite strong performance across the board in Calvert strategies. The particular strategies that are leading the growth today include on the equity side there is an emerging market, equity fund, that’s one of our larger funds. The single largest Calvert fund is called Calvert Equity Fund which is managed by our affiliate Atlanta Capital and has had quite exceptionally strong performance over the last year and good performance over the long time and that has turned around the full picture for that fund quite meaningfully.  Calvert also sponsors a range of index based equity strategies which have been in positive flows and also has a range of fixed income strategies, again, also in positive flows. So really it’s across the board strength in the Calvert line up of mutual funds.  In terms of products structures, Calvert, when we acquired them at the end of 2016 was essentially a mutual fund company with limited institutional business, limited business in individual separate accounts, no business to speak of outside the U.S. and no ETF presence. We are certainly looking to expand Calvert's positioning in the market place beyond that historical base in mutual funds, looking for ways to grow in institutional investing, individual separate accounts and also potentially also in an ETF structure.  Beyond the performance, we think another contributing factor to Calvert’s success has been their recognition as one of the true thought leaders in responsible investing. I highlighted John Streur’s testimony before the Senate; some of the other things that we do that that provide us with strong visibility is Calvert’s sponsorship of the Barron's 100 list of the most responsibly run companies in Corporate America.  But I would say in a time when there’s been a lot of attention on responsible investing driven primarily by underlying investor demand, but with significant interest in terms of major intermediaries, most of whom have some kind of initiative around responsible investing, what sets Calvert apart and has allowed Calvert to succeed in a time when others have in many cases struggled to really gain traction here, one is the performance I mentioned, two would be bringing the Eaton Vance distribution to bear on responsible investing.  And then I'd say probably most important, it's just been the credibility of the Calvert brand. There’s a heightened sensitivity what’s sometimes referred to as green-washing that is firms that talk about response investing, but can't really back it up in terms of actions and capabilities. Because of Calvert's leadership in the space that goes back into the 1980s, they have an unusual credibility that combined with good investment performance and good distribution strength has allowed us to take a leading role in translating broad market interest in response investing into growth in managed assets for that part of our business. 
Tom Faust: I would say that this may be nothing in particular that we want to highlight at this point, but there's an ongoing effort across a range of strategies, U.S., international funds and separate accounts. But no one thing that we would point to as being a particular focus of things we want to highlight today. 
Tom Faust: Yeah, Ken well the most, maybe the most obvious is our clear hedge method approach to less transparent activity ETS. I’m sure probably most people on the call are aware that a competitive approach of Precidian got approval I think just yesterday on their approach to a less transparent activity ETS. We want to be part of that conversation. I think as people are aware we were pioneer in introducing next year’s exchange, traded managed bonds, which were approved initially back in 2014 and then launch in 2016, I believe.  The market seems to have moved in the direction of less transparent activity ETS as opposed to exchange traded managed bonds for some distribution related reasons that we’ve talked about, but we’re certainly of the view that the introduction of less transparent active ETS could be a quite meaningful development for the industry. Our position in that is, we're a relatively recent file. We filed our exemptive application there back in February, different from some of the other competitors in that space, not only Precidian, but some of the other ones were approval maybe close.  What separates us we believe is two things: One, we think that the method that we're proposing which we are calling clear hedge offers the most assured trading, most assured high trading performance that is trading of shares close to underlying net asset values, that's number one. And number two, is the application across all asset classes. So that's really our focus in terms of innovation that requires something new from the SEC. They've shown or given Precidian a green light, which we think is also likely to lead to other approvals in this space and we want to be a part of that.  Other things we're doing don't require the cooperation necessarily of the SEC. We continue to build out and are quite proud of our position as the leader in individual separate accounts, which is a big growing industry for us and a big growth area for the industry that is playing into investors desires for a more customized, personalized approach to investing and we deliver that both through our custom core equities platform offered by our parametric subsidiary, but also our line-up of muni and corporate ladders offered through our EVM subsidiary. 
Tom Faust: Sure. So the biggest piece of Calvert’s – sorry, Parametric’s business are a broad market exposure vehicle. So their custom core equity give us a benchmark and we will perform similar to that benchmark and would expect to outperform on an after tax basis, that's the primary value proposition.  Also they have a large business in what we call exposure management, which is a derivatives based securitization approaches. So instead of having 4% residual cash in your portfolio, you can put that to work in the market using primarily few futures [ph].  Neither of those I would say is particularly sensitive to market levels in terms of flows, because we get paid generally and in terms of assets under management when the market goes up or market goes down, we are more or less in revenues, but there's not a lot of market sensitivity to that business in terms of flows.  One thing I would highlight within Parametrics business that is perhaps sensitive to market levels is their options business. They have a decent sized business in covered call writing programs, where selling covered calls can be a, we think a nice additive strategy in down markets and flat markets and modestly up markets, but in a strongly rising market often investors get what sometimes we refer to as call writing [ph] fatigue from the fact that when stocks are going up the nature of writing covered calls is that you cap the upside and so you realize less in return than you would have had you not written those call options. A small part of their business, but it is an element of their business that has some bit of market sensitivity that we see. 
Tom Faust: I think the way that I would expect this to play out is there will be multiple different structures approved. At the end of the day I don't think all those structures necessarily will find a broad audience. I think the market will naturally identified the one or two or whatever that seem to work the best and will probably focus on those. I don't – it's just a guess, but that would be my expectation.  As I mentioned, we think clear hedge offers of the things that are in the public domain, that is for which there have been SEC filings, we certainly have the greatest confidence and the ability of an ETF using clear hedge method to trade the best, that is the tightest NAV and for that advantage to carry over to asset classes outside of U.S. equities which is where the Precidian and I believe all the other ones are focused at least initially.  So I think this has the potential to be a major development. I would caution people that it may not happen overnight. There are still a number of regulatory steps that are required. I'll just remind people that when we got our approval to – we got our exemptive application approval and our 19 before application approval for next years in early November of 2014 and it was – I think it was about 16 months, 15 or 16 months later that we launched product. So I wouldn't expect this timeframe to be much different. It could be, but we don't expect that. So there's an additional regulatory process and this will not happen overnight.  I also think that while this could be a quite significant development in the whole active versus passive debate, because I do think that for many applications ETFs offer clear advantages in terms of convenience and tax efficiency and performance over a traditional mutual fund structure, I think it'll take a little bit of time. There will be some distribution challenges for these strategies, not in terms of the mechanics of distribution, but more in terms of the economics of distribution that will have to be worked out with key intermediaries.  So we think this is a major development; we want to be a part of this. Over time we would expect active ETFs to be a meaningful part of the actively managed business. There's a reason that most managers of traditional active strategies have heretofore been reluctant to offer their strategy as ETFs, because you can't really maintain a strategy as proprietary if you are disposing your holdings every day.  So with yesterday's approval of the Precidian model, it won't happen tomorrow, but it certainly offers the prospect in a traditional ETF structure as opposed to exchange traded managed bonds is what I mean by that. But in an ETF structure, having the ability to offer a proprietary active strategy in an ETF forum, we view as a quite significant market development that we want to be very much a part of. 
Tom Faust: No, so that number I reported is for what we call individual separate accounts and so there are no floating rate loans in there, no CLO’s in there. That comment, that category is very much nominated by what we call custom beta, so that’s the parametric custom for in the muni and corporate ladders, and the drivers of that business I would say remains the same, which is the – maybe starting on the equity side, the broad embrace of passive investing generally that has led to the growth of Index ETS and Index Mutual Funds that's number one, we're planning on that trend.  And then second really driving home the advantages of owning equity securities through a separate account as opposed to a fund and those advantages are generally in two categories, and one is the ability to customize portfolios so that you can for example take into consideration your own individual responsible investment criteria. What it is you really care about than might be different than what is reflected in a particular fund and then second, to the extent you have either concentrations in other parts of your portfolio and individual companies or individual sectors, you can index around those on a customized basis using a separate account.  The other advantage of separate account which for many people is the bigger one is the better tax treatment. That is if you own securities in a separate account, when those security some of those inevitably will go down in price, you can sell those, take a loss and use that loss currently the offset gains in other parts of your portfolio if you own them as separate account, whereas if you own those same securities in the fund, that loss is in effect trapped inside the fund vehicle and not available for use currently. So those are the primary drivers on the equity side. On the fixed income side, this is a rules based passive approach to investing like benchmarked based equity investments that offers the benefits of low cost. A primary driver for this part of our business has been the continuing migration in the broker dealer channel of assets from traditional brokerage accounts to fee based accounts. Here in particular we've been helping to drive and benefiting from a movement of individual advisor overseen bond ladders to the notion of using a third party manager that has expertise and focus on ladder construction and ladder oversight, multi-year now probably approach a decade long trend of assets moving away from what I think you could fairly say as lightly overseen bond ladders to professionally manage bond ladders and we are the market leader in that business.  And I would say in in in terms of these two pieces, the Parametric Custom Core and the muni and corporate bond ladders, we've been increasing looking for opportunities to cross sell those and to offer those in conjunction with each other, because they're really quite similar strategies in their underlying philosophy and investment construction. 
Tom Faust: Yeah, if I’m following you right, the strategies that we offer today, this is Parametric Custom Core own underlying individual securities in almost all cases, in some asset classes that may make sense to own ETF as a proxy for individual securities. You mentioned that there are potential competitive approaches that would own ETFs as an alternate to underlying security which is certainly true.  There are a couple of disadvantages of that approach. The first then maybe the most obvious is that to the extent those ETFs have underlying fees, those fees gets passed through and so its inherently more expensive to own ETFs than it is to own the underlying securities directly. So that’s one difference that would normally argue in favor of individual securities.  The second one is the cross sectional volatility in performance that allows you to harvest tax losses will always be greater at the individual security level than will be in pools of securities like exist inside of an ETF. So all else being equal, you'll have both lower expenses for a direct security separate account as opposed to ETF separate account and you’ll also have better tax loss harvesting opportunities by owning individual securities.  The advantages of using ETFs do exist however. One is the potential to offer maybe similar strategies with lower minimums, where you own fewer individual securities. It may seem more convenient to have only you know 15 or 20 ETFs represent in your portfolio than a couple of 100 stocks, so its simpler and that may make it easier to operate at lower account minimum.  The bigger advantages is probably, just in terms of the range of asset classes that can be represented by ETFs versus equity, which can be interesting because in non-equity asset classes, particularly ones that have a meaningful amount of volatility to think things like high yield bonds, you may have much better opportunity to own those in a tax managed portfolio through ETFs than the underlying security.  But in terms of our capabilities at Parametric, we do offer ETF based portfolios and I have done a fair bit of research on that. It's a quite small part of our business currently, but it is something that we have the capability to do and can provide upon customer demand, but for most people really what they want is the underlying securities, because you get both the lower cost and the higher level and effectiveness in terms of tax loss harvesting potential. 
Tom Faust: We certainly try. The way advisors use funds is no one really views themselves as a captive to Eaton Vance. Someone is selling out of an Eaton Vance loan fund, they are often not directly looking to replace that with another Eaton Vance strategy. It would be nice if that's how the world works, but that's not really the way the business works today.  We certainly feature a number of low duration fixed income strategies, both in this quarter and the preceding quarter, our quarter ending January. Our largest selling mutual fund in terms of net flows was the Eaton Vance short duration government income fund, which in some ways is similar to bank loans and that it’s short duration, low exposure to interest rate risk, but quite different in the credit profile of these are government backed mortgages that we're investing in primarily.  So it's, I would say that over the last, it’s probably now five or six years, we have sponsored and offered a suite of short durations, so we have short duration government income, short duration high income, short duration strategic income, short duration inflation protected income. I think it is – those were all introduced as complementary strategies to bank on, recognizing that if people are investing with Eaton Vance in floating rate assets and that there may not always be times when their credit outlook is such that they want to take investment risk like its reflected in the below investment grade bank loans that we offer.  The idea with having that suite of strategies is to give our customers in the – the users for bank loans also the ability to invest in other strategies that have a similar duration profile that is low duration, but don't have the same credit risk exposure.  I think it works reasonably well, in the fourth quarter or in the, I’ll say the end of calendar 2018, when money was pouring out of our bank loan funds, which it was over the last four or five weeks of the year. Money was also pouring into our short duration government income strategy, largely for the same reason. Unfortunately during that time period, the net of the two we were losing more in bank loans that we were gaining in short duration government income and that carried over into the New Year as well.  But I think it makes sense for us to do what you suggest which is to offer complimentary strategies, so that when people are redeeming out of bank loans because for whatever reason it's out of sync with what they are trying to do with their clients’ portfolios, we offer a complimentary or replacement strategy. So I'll pass that on, that suggestion on to our sales and marking people. 
