James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I know you have a very, very busy morning, so we did our best to keep these earnings uncomplicated for you. Heading into 2022, we anticipate, as everybody did, a more volatile market, and obviously, we saw that in the first quarter. The year started with rising inflationary pressures, accelerated expectations for tightening of monetary policy, and most notably, and sadly, the invasion of Ukraine. This backdrop injected significant uncertainty into the markets and further tested resiliency of our franchise. Against this quickly evolving market environment, our diversified business model again generated high returns. The firm produced revenues of $14.8 billion and a ROTCE of 20%. I am pleased to report that our first quarter results continued to exemplify Morgan Stanley’s strength and affirm our long-term strategy. First, Institutional Securities delivered another very strong quarter, with revenues of $7.7 billion, making it one of its highest performances ever. Compared to last year’s record first quarter, we saw a different mix of businesses driving the strength of this segment. While underwriting was muted, Advisory was a highlight. Equity and fixed income again delivered exceptional results, particularly in Asia and Europe, as we supported our global clients amid a turbulent backdrop. Global balanced Institutional businesses are complex. They require many years to build and an enormous amount invested in human capital. The breadth and depth of our franchise today is a competitive differentiator. Wealth Management showcased its resiliency in the quarter. Notwithstanding, fluctuating market levels, the business generated a margin of approximately 28% excluding integration-related expenses. The E*TRADE integration continues to go very well, and given the current path we are on, a significant portion of the integration will be done by the end of this year. By the end of 2022, we expect to no longer separate our integration expenses. Net new assets for the quarter were $142 billion. That included an asset acquisition. Nonetheless, organic growth in our existing business remained very strong. In a volatile market, this is very affirming of the model. Further, we saw our first rate hike in the year in the first quarter, and with our strong and growing deposit base, this will have a near immediate economic impact to our business and it supports our path to delivering the margins that we projected in excess of 30%. In Investment Management, the increased diversification of the business supported results in a very choppy market. Fee based asset management revenues, which were $1.4 billion in the quarter, have grown with the addition of Parametric, Calvert and the broadening of our alts and fixed income platforms. We have performed better with these franchises than we would have without it and it has brought much more balance to our asset management business. And with respect to the Eaton Vance integration, it progresses very smoothly as well. The teams remain stable, and culturally, it’s a terrific fit. Our markets continue to evolve, we remain confident about our position and the many opportunities ahead. Finally, a brief word on the Russian invasion of the Ukraine. In managing a global business, particularly a market-based global business, we must always remain vigilant about the potential for shocks or unexpected events. Obviously, the invasion of the Ukraine is one such event. First of all, and most importantly, our hearts go out to the Ukrainians and all those have been impacted. As it relates to the business, apart from the volatility it’s created, there’s been very limited financial impact to Morgan Stanley. A few years ago, we decided to give up our banking license and we significantly scaled back operations in Russia. Further, as a result of these actions and the current war, we are not entering into any new business in the country and our activities are limited to helping global clients address and close out pre-existing obligations. I am very proud of how our team has managed through a difficult market backdrop, and going forward, we continue to navigate the turbulent markets and broader geopolitical environment with confidence. I will now turn the call over to Sharon to discuss the quarter in greater detail and together we will take your questions.
James Gorman: Glenn, it’s a high class problem and its great position to be in. We have been very protective of keeping a sort of buffer on a buffer, because you never know in this world and I think what we have experienced with the markets in the last quarter were extremely volatile and you just have to -- you have to anticipate the worst and make sure you are prepared for that. We clearly have done that. We have been chipping away at the excess capital. If you add back the OCI, we are running about 15% CET1. We were well above 16%. So, clearly, we will see where our CCAR results are. I think last year, they are around 13.2% or 13.3%. I’d be surprised if there’s material changes. But let’s see. So we are still sitting on a significant buffer. Listen, we are clearly going to keep pushing capital distribution through buyback and dividend to shareholders. That’s clearly the case. We have just done two major acquisitions with about $21 billion. We would do more deals if as they -- if they fit with our strategy, we won’t do things that take us offline, off piece. We want to stay true to our strategy and our strengths in our three core businesses. So, yeah, continued buyback, but also a lot of investment in the business. I mean, we are doing a lot on the tech side. Obviously, we want to stay completely compliant with our regulatory responsibilities and we will continue to invest to make sure we are best-in-class there. But a lot of investment technology and a lot of investment around the retirement workplace platform, which I think is sort of the next frontier. And we are just in baby steps, we are very early days of that, but I think that’s a huge opportunity. And finally, I do think that there are opportunities outside of the U.S., even though we are along the US and that served us incredibly well, and I think, will serve us very well for the next decade. But I think in the Wealth and Asset Management spaces internationally, we punch below our weight. On Institutional Securities we don’t and we had a very strong quarter in Europe and Asia in Institutional Securities. But I think there’s clearly more we can do internationally, so sort of watch that space.
James Gorman: Hey, Mike. Certainly prepared your first question about the net new money growth and high class problems of not achieving 11% organic, 5.4% is generating something like $200 million to $250 million net a year. So it’s actually a great problem, and I think, as Sharon said, the various channels there are going to continue to contribute. My telling you all of this is to say, I can’t talk about ongoing investigations on block trades, obviously and we are not going to do that on an earnings call. But you can look at our equities business and how it performs generally and how it’s done over many, many years. And its current performance and draw, whatever conclusions might be appropriate, but right now we can’t talk about ongoing investigations and it doesn’t matter whether this one or any other one from any authority, it’s always the same rule.
James Gorman: I just -- if you look at pipeline and you look at investment banking revenue through cycles. It’s actually remarkably stable on an annual basis. On a quarterly basis, it’s extremely volatile. I mean, look at the change between fourth quarter ECM and first quarter ECM. But then look at what M&A did the advisory business, I think, over $800 million. But if you go through the end of the year, I am sure you will find it’s much more stable and reflective of what we have done in 2020, 2021 period. So I don’t think that -- it’s a very interesting question you raised, but I don’t think that individual companies, they don’t make their decisions obviously based on averages of what the market theme is based on what their own equity capital needs are or debt capital needs or M&A needs. And listen, we have got -- we have one of the best franchises in the world. It is global. So any cross border deals, any global companies, we are in it. That won’t change. It’s just a question as a Q1 or Q3. So I am really unphased by the volatility and banking on a quarterly basis.
James Gorman: I’d just add two points to that. Number one, the transaction revenue line in Wealth Management has the DCP impact in it, which was actually very big this quarter. That bounces around. And secondly, if you look at the P&L of Wealth Management, actually the transaction revenues as a driver of the overall health of the business is relatively small. I mean, the much more important are the fee-based revenues, the net interest income, what we are doing in the banking side. So, and then some of the new issue stuff. So I just put that out there. It’s -- again, it’s one of these things that, honestly, I am not very pleased, I am much more interested in asset growth, net new asset growth and what we are doing in the bank than deposits, transactions will bounce around given market volatility.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think it’s a great question and we -- as you said, we continue to invest in it. We have obviously seen the alternative players creating more product and you see that from peers, but you also even see that from our own from MSM as a secular growth trend in a place that we are investing. They have obviously created products now that are more appropriate or more suitable for retail and our platform is there. We are working very closely together. There’s clearly more that we can do. As Jim said, we are continuing to invest. But I agree with you that this is a place where we have seen an uptick. We noted it over the course of this quarter. It was interesting to us, as I know we have discussed it individually as well, Glenn, and I think, it’s a place where you will just continue to see that kind of growth investment from both us and also on the product side.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think it’s a great question. I think about it as two parts, probably, actually a bit separately. One with beta, beta for us is informed by the last rate hike cycle. So, we have given you historically and we stand by as sort of a 50 beta as an end state. But, obviously, beta also moves through time as you see different rate cycles, and so that’s stage sort of point A, if you think about just where the beta is. Your point on deposits is also interesting. I think that we think about deposits as we look at the composition of the deposits. And obviously, what E*TRADE did and the self-directed channel did is it offered us more deposits from smaller accounts with smaller levels and that might -- to your point that might have a different beta. So there’s a beta, obviously, holistically, but then there’s a beta, as you have mentioned, that might depend on where you are within the size of the accounts and the stickiness that you might see associated with those deposits. So, we are looking at it from two ways. Overall, beta the same, but the deposits themselves and the way that we think about the runoff of the deposits might be different this time around, just given our own composition of the deposits as they have been acquired by E*TRADE.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks for the question. I think when you -- your points are, I think, appropriate. You are looking at, obviously, yeah, it was nascent. What I’d say about our profile is, we didn’t have the same size of household penetration across lending products. Then and even today, there is still, I’d say, room to run in better understanding educating products and educating our clients about the different products that are available to them. Now, of course, the pace may change and that’s not impossible given what we are seeing or what you might think could happen. That’s not really the prediction. But the idea is there’s still more education that can be done and that’s why I think we feel comfortable that even though we might see rates rise. The actual amount that we gave you as guidance from a lending perspective should continue. Part of that obviously being SBL, part of that being mortgages. But when you look at the household penetration even five years, six years ago, you were in very low-double digits for us and you have only reached that mid-teen numbers. So still a lot more to go, as I said, around the education of that product for clients where that’s suitable.
Sharon Yeshaya: So why don’t I start with just saying, we will see more when it’s appropriate for our -- we are obviously continuing to look at this space. What these are, and as James said, when we are looking at retirement, we are looking at defined benefit. We are looking at understanding how workplace coincides with the FA advisor-led space together and the way that I would think of this is just an extension of our strategy. So the best kind of concept that you can say is, yes, we had a proof point in the third quarter of last year. We are obviously in a situation where we have acquired a similar plan and group of advisors. The group of advisors covered defined benefit contribution plans. Those defined benefit contribution plans have corporations associated with them that may also have participants. Those -- in this case, we have 1 million participants that were added. That -- those participants, if you go back to our strategy of the funnel, they are a top portion of that funnel that we begin to advise or educate or learn or teach people about financial wellness. We give them access to our services particularly that we have already developed in the workplace channel. And so that educational content has a crossover and then they now understand better what financial wellness is. They can say, I am interested in speaking to a financial adviser. So that’s where the channels begin to converge and merge, and where you are beginning to really think about the top of the funnel into potentially providing access and advice to clients over time.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So the companion accounts, what we have said is that, by the end of this year, approximately 90% of U.S. stock participants will be in a position to access a companion account. Should they want to or should they have the stock to invest into the account. So that’s the point there. The question around the retention of assets, we had given that metric at the beginning of -- in the January deck and we talked about aiming towards 30% and we have made improvements from the 24% that we gave you at the end of the quarter. So, all of those are milestones as you think about integration and integration-related expenses. And also the points that James had made around the investment in our business in technology and in this -- and in the integration more broadly.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks for the question, Steve. So as it relates to net recruiting, still seeing inflows on the back of net recruiting, in fact, all three channels, as you think about NNA were contributors to the net -- the NNA number excluding the asset retention, so if you just take that other piece or the asset acquisition. And if you look just at the advisor led channel, a couple of factors; so, one, net recruiting positive; two, on the actual adviser side, evenly split between existing accounts or existing clients and new clients, so continuing to see consolidation of assets held away, as well as new client relationships going forward. And then we had a contribution from workplace, which is obviously impacted by both the companion accounts and also retention of assets and self-directed. So, really broad-based contributions from the different channels and net recruiting, as I said, remains very -- in a good -- in a solid place.
Sharon Yeshaya: It’s the same loan growth number that I gave you. So the percent that you gave, if you take that and you think it was basically about $5 billion a quarter, so we just gave you in dollars this time around. It’s the same that I gave in January. And then that is what’s -- the point around the -- I don’t know if it was illusion, I actually gave you that it was double. So I said at least double in terms of the NII guidance increase. That really has to do with the realization of the forward curve and the change in the forward curve.
Sharon Yeshaya: So our money market guidance we gave you was about plus $200 million and we stand by plus $200 million, but I’d say, for the full year. It’s really based on two factors that are contributing into that. One is the balances, as well as the industry and the waivers, how quickly those waivers roll off. So we are -- $200 million for the remainder of the year for the increase for Investment Management.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. So a couple of things, first on the advisory pipeline in particular. Pipeline remains healthy and diversified. So taking a look at the underlying pipeline still diversified across sectors, which I think is another healthy sign in terms of the marketplace. As it relates to the underwriting calendar, that obviously you do have deals that didn’t necessarily come to market in the first quarter. They -- that pipeline to realize, that was associated really with the volatility and the uncertainty in the first quarter, as that recedes, to the extent it does, that would move things from the pipeline state to the realized state.
Sharon Yeshaya: We have given what I think we -- where we started, Mike, is we said and James said it in January. 11%, which we saw last year, was exceptional and we didn’t expect that to be repeated in the near-term or we weren’t sure and we wanted to see how the pipeline moved out and how these different channels work together. But what we did say is 3% to 4% is where we used to be and we weren’t expecting to see that, obviously, we are also at a higher base now and so that’s also something to bear in mind. So I think we feel very good about where we are and this is well within that range that we had basically given you. We said, we would spend time better understanding the channels to provide guidance over time. You asked another. The contribution from each of the channels, as I said, three different channels all contributed very, very nicely. We don’t break it out into different pieces, but I would say that, the integration is going well and the E*TRADE client and client usage is also doing well.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks, Gerard for the question. I -- actually I know a lot of the peers have released this morning. So I haven’t looked specifically at this quarter’s number in terms of this -- the public market share. But what I can tell you is that we have seen increased share over time. I think we are really proud of the position that we have made in both of the sales and trading franchises. A lot of that has to do with what James discussed more directly in his script, which is building these -- investing our people and talent both geographically and also making sure that we have it across different functions. So all of these things are important, I think it’s decades in the making rather than just one quarter, and we are really proud of the way that we thought about the continue -- the continuous velocity of all of our resources to make sure that we can better and more efficiently support client flows.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that will be very -- I think individual companies will make their own decisions in terms of where they have that from an advice driven perspective.
Sharon Yeshaya: So actually it’s an interesting question. Two things that struck me as we sort of went through and thought about the quarter. One is the fact that when you look at allocations of investors in the retail space in terms of where their positions were in equities, fixed income, cash, cash equivalents, et cetera, on a proportional basis. Over the last year or two actually, those percentages have actually also remained relatively stable. So the retail investors’ investment is something that hasn’t necessarily fluctuated based on the data that we have, that we have seen. Those positions have remained there despite the fact that there’s been volatility. The second point is, specifically on self-directed is, the E*TRADE, the fact that, this is what I tried to mention in the script was, where we are from the daily average trade levels, still very, very high, 3 times the high from when E*TRADE was a standalone company. And so I think it highlights the change that we have seen in the retail sentiment over the course of the last two years or three years.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that this is really based on the advice driven model, right? You have uncertainty in Europe. There’s a lot going on. Obviously, there are pieces of commodities, for example, it’s very specific. But then you also just see client engagement as it relates to various parts of Europe and being able to service that advice is all part of this diversified model.
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. I am actually glad you asked the question. I think it’s a really interesting space and I think it’s an example of connecting the dots. So over the course of the last couple of years, what we have realized is there’s a need for family offices to have access to services that we already offer Institutional Securities clients through our Fund Services platform. And so bringing together those conversations between what’s happening in the Institutional Securities Group and what strategy we are driving in Wealth Management is just an example of how the business is working more closely together to find those opportunities to service clients as family offices begin to feel more like Institutional accounts, and that back and forth in dialogue is really amongst the team, the leadership and then throughout the organization.
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. As you know, we are obviously offering some -- we have some offerings for different qualified investors that we have. But in this space, we are obviously taking the lead from regulators as it relates to what we can and can’t offer various clients.
