Sharon Yeshaya: I can't speak about behavior permanently. But I appreciate the question, Glenn. If we take a step back, it was always an idea, the premise of a sustainable growth in margin was really about ensuring that we continue to see growth in fee-based assets, and we see growth in that migration towards the advice-based channel. And in fact, that is what you've begun to see -- look at our fee-based flows this quarter alone and think about the fee-based flows that we've had over the course of the year. We continue to educate our clients. So when we think through the funnel, we have more participants, we begin to see more assets and then those assets will, over time, migrate to advice. What you point out as we think about the cash and what some might call cash sorting, et cetera, is that we still have that 22%, 23% sitting in cash equivalents, so not necessarily BDP, but rather cash equivalents, that don't necessarily earn a fee, right? Money markets think of a savings product over time, et cetera, that you might see as individuals begin to take that money and deploy it in the markets or deployed into fee-based that will be accretive to the margin over time. And that, to your point, is a place where you should begin to see a margin build and something that becomes more sustainable as we both grow our asset base and grow the advice and the client migration towards advice in those fee-based assets.
Sharon Yeshaya: So the first point I would say is it's obviously always a competitive market, but we're very well positioned given the tools that we've given to our advisers. A couple of points that I would make to you. The first is when we look forward into the first quarter, that recruiting pipeline is healthy. So when we think about January and what we're seeing, we see the recruiting being healthy. The second point that I'd mention is what I find to be most encouraging when you look under the M&A data, is that we're seeing new clients from the Morgan Stanley. So it's not just attracting assets all the way but rather you're actually getting new clients from those participants. And then you're seeing conversion. So when you think about some of the statistics that I gave you around workplace and we've talked about these statistics, the workplace assets that move over you have 80% of those assets are actually assets that are coming from outside the institution. So you're bringing new clients in, and then they're bringing their assets that are sitting away into the institution. So I think we're well positioned to capture those opportunities. Final point that I'd make is on your banking products, actually, this idea of the E*TRADE integration, right? And we talked about, we've completed the integration, and I said we're looking towards the forward of the front office integration, some of that will be around banking products, et cetera, as we think and we look ahead over a multiyear journey.
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. I worked through that, I think, Dan, when I actually tried to explain it in the script. So the premise in terms of the growing wealth management margin, again, is about the conversion to the advice-based model over time. Of course, individuals will have different pieces, right? But we have three different channels that we've talked about. We've talked about self-directed. We talked about workplace. We've talked about advice. From the self-directive side, we will continue to attract those clients and those that might be interested in advice, we'll see it as we have different ways to give people a sense and a connection to FA. So we've talked about that. On the workplace side, we continue to get new participants, new corporate relationships and that as we educate people with the wellness offering, et cetera. And we've seen evidence of this to bring people yet again to that advice-driven model. And the fee-based flows, as you see those, those will help us grow the asset management line. Then you can break it down again, the transactional line we've talked about, you're going to have new products and you're going to have a deployment of this cash that's been sitting on the sidelines that we've talked a lot about, the dry powder that could impact either the transactional line or the asset management line. And again, we're encouraged by the signs that we're seeing in NII. That too suggests that we are seeing as of right now, it looks like that cash, that frictional level of cash is stabilizing. So I think you have the drivers in each of those lines as we think about the revenue side. And then as you think about the expense side, those we are looking for place to invest and gain from the scale of those investments and that will be a part of the objectives that Ted laid out when you see $10 trillion of assets.
Sharon Yeshaya: So you obviously did hit the nail on the head in terms of the different pieces, right? So you can't look at the different line items the same way. You're going to have a comp ratio change as FAs get compensated, as you would expect, on the grid associated with those fee-based revenues. As it relates to NII, yes, that was noncompensable as I just told you the expectation on a quarter-over-quarter basis, if client behavior remains unchanged, you are sitting in a position where you're beginning to better understand what that behavior is and that NII will be roughly in line with where it was in the fourth quarter, at least for the first quarter. So yes, the comp itself might change, but the actual growth in the ability to see the fee-based assets grow is higher. There are also other offsetting factors that we have to think about as we look back into the last year. Remember that what I highlighted was you had negative implications associated with mix of revenue in those asset management lines because of the fact that we saw investors invest in the fixed income products. You add market dynamics associated with billing, et cetera. So there is place -- there are rather places that you can see growth in the asset management line. Yes, they will be compensable, but we would see benefits of scale, both from the asset side and hopefully, from the market side as you see different pieces being invested as you move forward. I hope that helps to frame the answer to your question.
Sharon Yeshaya: That's a great question. And the answer is fully premised on what we see first with deposits, right? So your sort of first order condition, as you look ahead into 2024 is what happens to the deposit mix. What I said on the call is that we're encouraged in my prepared remarks, we're encouraged by what we've seen to date as the beginning of January. If you were to assume that, that were to hold, the next question is, what is the pace of the interest rate cuts that we see? If you see an instantaneous shock, we disclose to you what that means, right? So an instantaneous 100 basis point shock lower will be negative, around $600 million, right? However, if it was more gradual in nature, which is similar to what you might see in the forward curve, you will have offsets associated with the reinvestment of the portfolio. So that will offset the rate decline, right? We'll largely offset those rate declines. But it will depend first order condition is -- our deposits stable is the mix stable, and that's what we've seen so far. So let's see if that holds. And then second, what is the pace of the cuts over the course of the year.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Overall, the pipeline is more diversified than we've necessarily seen in historical years. We expect to see continued momentum in energy that we've seen over the past year, we see optimistic signs in real estate, and we see optimistic signs in technology. As it relates to sponsors, we would expect sponsors to come back that will obviously take time, and I do think it will likely take a couple of potential prints in certain places and other things that will be encouraging will be on the equity IPO side. What I'd say is we've moved from a period of time that was window driven and that market is beginning to build momentum. And so the juxtaposition between the outlook for '24, I think in '23 is important there as well.
Sharon Yeshaya: Really around the conversion. That's why I keep talking about the conversion, Christian. We brought the statistics up last year. We've brought the statistics up again this year in terms of seeing conversion from Workplace about seeing net new assets coming in and then seeing those assets migrate. New clients giving FAs time. All of those things are able to give us more durable asset management-based revenue as we move forward. So to your question, and I think Steve asked a similar question, the NII will fluctuate, obviously, based on rates and on consumer and customer behavior. And so the goal, well, that has been something that we say, don't forget the bank. Don't forget the margin that you'll get from that. Over time, the goal is to have a more sustainable $1 trillion of assets coming through both wealth and investment management, those assets will earn fees to some portion of it, and we see the migration into fee-based, right? We have 50% of advisor-led assets sitting in fee-based accounts. That's the ultimate proposition from seeing an expanded margin and seeing the benefits of scale. And we have invested in workplace. We've invested in getting new channels and getting new participants. The time is now to begin to see conversion, and we have evidence factual evidence that I pointed to on this call to show you that we're making progress towards those goals.
Ted Pick: Thanks for your question. I think we -- as you heard from my comments, we're generally constructive about what 2024 brings and it should be beneficial to both arms of the firm. Some of the reorientation of cash equivalents, whether they be in money markets or treasuries and the like that Sharon referred to and redeploy by our wealth clients into the markets, given increasing sense of stability, clearly good for FAs and for the wealth channel. In the investment bank, we've had a decade's long route in IPOs slowest volume we've seen in decades. As you know, we've had very light M&A calendar. So that also has been at a trough sort of early cycle type activity from our highest margin products inside of the investment bank, specifically inside of investment banking, we think, in order to our benefit to. So we quite possibly could have a dynamic where if we are in this soft landing zone, we could see increased activity. Ultimately, we are in the tickets business activity based in both channels and benign economic conditions augur well for both wealth and investment but also for the investment bank. And part of the reason I wanted to talk about the integrated firm today was because the two segments are working together will bring inevitably additional growth opportunities in the firm. We have folks that have mobilized around the enterprise are now in a position to talk to clients across the product spectrum and to bring in additional business. We have a big business, as you know, in Europe and in Asia. So if economic conditions are better than the expected, which is that Europe will struggle in China might as well. If we do any better than that, we would expect to see some increased activity coming out of those regions, too. So it's not just a U.S. proposition but a global one as well.
Ted Pick: Thanks. Good to talk to you -- with you. It's an interesting question. You're effectively asking what will over the slide look like three, four years from now. We believe that the revenue mix will toggle around. There could be periods like in 2020 or '21, where the investment bank is really firing on all cylinders. Again, early economy type of activity, and that could grow again towards 50%. And we could have other periods where as we continue to invest in the wealth and investment management piece of the firm, that could expand further. I think where we are right now is a revenue and profitability matter where 60% of the firm is in wealth and investment management is not a bad place to start. I think the main message I want to convey today is that while there is a change in leadership after 14 years of James stewardship, there's not a change in strategy. We have undertaken and integrated, if you really go back into time and then include Mesa West five different acquisitions. And I think the view inside the house is that's good for now. We can execute our business with the growth plans in front of us and it feels organic. Now that having been said, there are ideas that come across the transom and we naturally would take a look. But I think for the next period, the view that I would have is that we really work to grow the organization and to do so organically and efficiently. I think on the margin, one comment might be that we could work on sweating the income statement a bit more. There's a little more work to be done post integration where there could be inefficiencies along the income statement. And I think we are much focused on looking for those efficiencies without giving up any of the strategic investment that we want to make on our way to 30% PBT margins in wealth and 70% efficiency of the firm. The way I've articulated the strategic goals is to effectively reiterate -- we will achieve those goals. But along the way, we will invest, and that investment opportunity exists on the current portfolio in an exciting way. And that is why for me, the most important message we wanted to send out to folks today with this concept of the integrated firm. Now we have the portfolio of businesses together. We have a unified partnership culture. We have the two halves of the firm, will toggle by 5 or 10 points on revenue or profitability given a period of time and now we can scale that organically and hit the numbers and work the income statement a little bit.
Ted Pick: Well, I’d say that's a great question. James and I are more -- much more similar than not. He brings to the table a positive mojo to the business from the time that he took over CEO when things were in, as you know, a pretty rough shape and for now in his 15th year of leadership as Exec Chair, he brings a positive spirit to every single interaction that we have, whether it's our operating and management committees, our risk meetings, these calls, client interactions, cultural work with our - with our newbies and folks that are looking to get promoted in the organization. I think that spirit of positivity is something that has been contagious in the organization. It's something that I'm a big believer in and has worked well inside of the trading businesses inside of investment banking, and I think you can feel it throughout the firm. So the reaffirmation of our partnership, our core values and this articulation of the integrated firm, which is the next step now because we went from trying to build our way back to generating the kind of enhanced scale and deep remote through these gutsy acquisitions. That brought us to a place now where we can look around and see how we can bring the firm closer together. I think the tone is one of determination. I've been at this place for more than three decades, and we had our moment sort of before the [abyss] in '08 and I think it's fair to say that the entire senior partnership, James, but also the folks that came through the organization like myself, we are determined to not revisit anything that feels like those days. So the calling card here is durability is consistency. We want to put up consistent results Part of what you see in the strategic deck in the back page, those are very clear numbers, and we will hit them. We will hit those numbers. It will take time. We will have to do all of the three yards and a cloud of dust work associated with a thoughtfully working our way to those numbers such that when we hit them in a normalized environment, which will be part of the next arrow on Page 3 and the years to come, we will have done so in a way where we can achieve full valuation on it because the view will be that they are not only achieved for a moment in time, but sustainable. And that obviously is also the calling card of James tenure, which is that of consistency and durability. So if the first is this positive mojo and the second is this ethos of consistency, rigor durability I think the third, at the end of the day, has been to believe in what Morgan Stanley can aspire to for clients, and that is this integrated firm that we are something differentiated in our two channels very clear on what we do and what we don't do, and that the cycle is very much a tailwind for us.
Ted Pick: Thanks for the question. Christian, good to hear your voice. I think we know that we have -- we have achieved the top three position in the Institutional Securities business over the last number of years. But as you say on the margin, we have lost share to the number 1 and number 2 and I think our view has been that, that is a trade that we've been willing to make both to continue to toggle the organization to the kind of revenue and profitability mix that you see today. But also importantly, the preservation of capital, which allows us today irrespective of where we are in Basel III end game to have a CET1 ratio that is well above 15%. As you've heard, I am with the team much focused on the durability of the dividend. And so there's been a real focus on what shareholders want and what the business model ought to be for folks that want a durable Morgan Stanley. Now that having been said, what you saw in 2020 was that we can be quite agile about getting capital resourcing to the client base if the tailwinds are there. Part of the proposition of being a global investment bank is that, if, for example, balances start working in the prime brokerage context or is there '21/'22 highs where we're about 10% away from those figures, well, then perhaps capital needs to be put towards equities, namely the prime brokerage business on behalf of clients. There may be other periods where the event space, which was an illusion made on the previous question with respect to activity around financial sponsors, that, that activity may come back because, of course, at some point, these large assets need to trade in the sponsor community is dependent at some level on the street to engage in velocity. So there is no strategic decision at all to withdraw from the investment bank. I think what we would say in 2024 is that it's not really a choice between wealth and investment management or the insured securities business. We will engage in both activities, but we will not be looking to chase the ball simply to have wallet share. The name of the game is to have an income statement that demonstrate operating leverage in each of the two businesses and ultimately, to get to holistic returns. So we are much focused on what the durability of that capital put uses and where we can serve clients over a long period of time. We're paying attention to it very, very carefully. And what I'm most excited about, Christian, is that the cycle that's coming investment banking-led cycle is coming at a time when we spent years putting together, and I know you've met some of these folks are so-called integrated investment bank. What is differentiated about this place is that we have bankers, equities people and fixed income folks who work together. They work together on client solutions. What I'm proposing on our behalf is now we extend that proposition to the firm. We're at -- in the wealth business, the investment management business and inside the investment bank, we can work together around clients ultimately to generate operating leverage and returns. And that is for me, the most exciting part of the next chapter, which is we got the team, we've got the excess capital. But again, I like the excess capital because it's part of what has differentiated us from the group and allows us to weather whatever comes through on a Basel III end game. I would add if, in fact, the Basel III end game outcome is more favorable than perhaps the Street expects. We will adjust accordingly, but we have tools. And part of that is dividend or that's investing in the business. Part of that, obviously, is buying stock back. But ultimately, having a real capital cushion is something that shareholders have come to expect from James, and that's something they should continue to expect for me.
Ted Pick: What I'd add, Christian, is, again, all goals being equally important, we will hit that $10 trillion number. So part of it is to allow for some of this latency, if you will, on assets held away on assets working their way through workplace. It's a space that we are a leader in. It's a space that is relatively embryonic in the wealth business. And we will allow for some time for those assets to convert. But the key, of course, is to have them in-house and then as well to see that folks who are our new workplace customers have assets held away in other existing brokerage accounts that they bring them the firm as well
Ted Pick: Yes. Excellent question. And a lot of time given to consideration on pluses and the like. This, for me, was sort of an easy call the page is one that we all own and getting to 30% margins is a number that we want to achieve. And at that level, having hit something that is approaching $10 trillion assets, we're going to be in a really great place. And that would be a reasonable time to say, hey, how about more. And we'd say, okay, well, clearly, we're going to continue to grow assets because the asset number way that TAM is gigantic. James has mentioned, $20 trillion at one point. There are client assets that will keep us busy for many generations to come. Whether the pretax margin of wealth's should go about 30% at that point before or not, I'd like to get to the 30 and I want to get there durably and thoughtfully and the mid-20s is a range that you've seen us trade at the business to work well at, and we believe we can when economic conditions normalize, as Sharon described and as new assets get put to work some combination of money markets and T-bills coming into the market again, workplace coming through the funnel. All three channels working on the back of increased transaction activity and new issues and the like. We should slowly and durably work our way back to 30% The efficiency ratio, as you know, is just another way of saying 30% margins for the enterprise. Now by definition, the investment bank which has more capital and more underlying risk should have margins that exceed 30% over time. So it's fair to say that if we're hitting 30% margins in Wealth Management, we certainly should be at an enterprise efficiency ratio of 1 minus 70%, 30% as well. So 30% plus could be a way of thinking about it, but I wanted to set up numbers where the team knew that they are specific and that we needed to hit them. And then finally, with respect to returns on capital, this gets to the importance of our being stewards of that capital, what we pay out in the form of dividends, what we buy back and durably how we run the place. So we thought that 20% ROTCE which is something we hit during the COVID years. But of course, those were against macroeconomic conditions, which were unusual and highly favorable that we can do 20% in a normalized environment. So this may be on the margin and James liked it too, when we talked about it, stylistically, my view was and the team shares it that 10 trillion of client assets, we should get there and just keep on going. But the other three, effectively in removing the pluses, it's simply reaffirming that those numbers will be hit. We will hit 30% pretax margins in wealth, 70% efficiency ratio for the firm and 20% ROTCE. It will take time. It will be the challenges you would expect in making that happen. And of course, we need economic conditions to line up in a favorable way. But over time, those are the firm-wide goals, and we wanted to be very specific about that for you.
Ted Pick: Well, thanks for the question, Mike. The Wealth business is actually in my blood. My dad and my father-in-law were both brokers once upon a time, and I grew up studying that business as a kid. And I think it is absolutely that, which is differentiated on Morgan Stanley during this 15-year period. The ability to integrate Smith Barney and build out something that's truly special is -- has been existentially, as you know better than most, but also thematically exactly what the firm as needed. In no way has it actually worked to the disbenefit of the investment bank. As you know, the history of our -- of our merger '97 was largely about social issues, but the industrial idea wasn't necessarily off at all. to build a world-class wealth manager would be something that would have enormous barriers to entry and have run well and run their first-class way to deliver value to clients in a differentiated manner. And what we have done, thanks to the leadership of Andy Saperstein with Jed Fin and then the investment management business with Dan Simkowitz now moving over to the Investment Bank and [Ben Huneke] and [Jacques Chappuis] running investor management today is we've got effectively the full funnel. We've got the soup to nuts self-directed the traditional advisory channel and this new channel workplace are working as one. I've spent time working some of the chairman’s and hitting a branch here in Midtown and spending some time with folks that are actually making the engine work. And I think it's fair to say that We, at one point, we're calling the wealth and investment management business, the ballast, which was the right word because we wanted to convey durability, but I'd submit to you, Mike, and hopefully, you'll appreciate spirit of which I say this, I think it's actually the engine. I think this will be the engine for further Morgan Stanley growth. If opportunities were to come before us in the years to come, of course, we could staple them on and do something inorganically. As James alluded to, perhaps that would be outside the U.S. where I spent a whole bunch of time but in running the actual organic business as it currently stands, we are truly a group of one. And as you know, having spent time inside the knitting of MS what we're most excited about, Mike, you as a student of corporate culture and these investment banks, I think what you'd be most excited about is just how well we all get along. There is a zero friction in the leadership ranks across infrastructure, across wealth and investment management and across the investment bank. So the beauty of where we are today, is that all of us as shareholders and custodians of the Morgan Stanley idea and the Morgan Stanley culture of first-class business in a first-class way are very much focused on growing both pieces of the firm and is leading wealth and asset manager has a lot more room and will grow, as I said, to the $10 trillion of assets. And at the same time, I don't see any reason why we can't continue to pick up high-quality durable wallet inside the investment bank and generate operating leverage in that business, too.
