Ruth Porat: Certainly. I think the main point is that we are pleased that the bill is being signed because we are of the belief that clarity should help restore confidence in the market, and this is an important bill, an important step forward. And there is obviously a lot to be done as regulators engage in the studies and rulemakings. You know, specifically to your question, I think the two provisions that are most relevant for Morgan Stanley are derivatives and the Volcker Rule. On the Volcker provision, there is clearly a reasonable timeline for phase-in, four to 12 years. And our approach is to take that time and have a very thoughtful, measured approach to the portfolio. Similarly on derivatives, there is still a lot to be determined. I think the early read for us is that elements of the proposed reform should be positive. First, we don't have derivatives in our bank, as I think you know, so we should be able to move certain derivatives such as rates, FX and risk management into the – the risk management swaps into the bank. And then second, with the move to a more central clearing, I think the most important issue for clients will be they will be getting greater transparency and liquidity, which is a positive. As we're looking at the clearinghouse and the implications, the credit of the clearinghouse clearly is important, the cost of which will be borne by the industry and although that cost is still unclear, it is important because that is where the clients will be focused. But for us, I think the benefit is there will be heightened premium on client service, the quality of research and coverage, which should benefit us. So I think it is a pretty high level to go into detail on. More than that, it is early days, and we are being deliberate in our approach.
Ruth Porat: I think two things. First, the firm-wide charge was 361 million. And as we had previously indicated, it was substantially borne by employees globally. As we look forward, to answer your question about accrual for the year, it is difficult to forecast and would depend on a number of factors, including financial performance, the competitive market environment, and regulatory oversight. So I think first quarter it was around the 41% range, and I think you can look at the first half.
Ruth Porat: Yeah, no, I think that is fair again with the proviso that we are always subject to the market environment regulatory issues, but that is a fair approach.
Ruth Porat: I think there are really three components to it. You have touched on one of them, which is legal. We also, as I think James noted, have – are investing in IT to ensure that we have the proper infrastructure and analytical tools. And then there is also, there tends to be, as we've looked over the last several years, a little bit of a seasonal pattern. The second quarter is typically higher than the first quarter. But we continue to be very focused on expenses and trying to make sure that we are being disciplined in holding expenses as best we can.
Ruth Porat: You know, I think that broadly unfortunately I think the environment in which we are all operating industry-wide is one in which legal costs will likely be higher than over the most recent cycle. But that is more of a sense from [ph] what we are seeing broadly than trying to provide any level of certainty, but it seems to be – yeah, seems reasonable.
Ruth Porat: He has only been in place a couple of months, and he’s doing a thorough review of the asset management business and is going to be articulating his strategy for the business, for the Board. But the objectives remain the same and very straightforward delivering superior performance for our clients, returning the business to strong and consistent profitability and reigniting a best-in-class investment culture. Looking at the expense structure to ensure that we are able to deliver profitability is a key element of the overall analysis.
Ruth Porat: Most of what was articulated last year, we have been executing upon, we are going to continue to add selectively where it makes sense, there are quite a number of people who want to be on this platform, and we are always pleased to add great talents. So, I think the key element is we brought the men at sales of trading, it’s around the globe, integrating them. We have seen some success I think reflected in the market share, improvement this past quarter, and it is very much integrating the new people who are coming in with the strength of the teams that we have and with Colm Kelleher and Paul Taubman’s leadership, what we are really focused on is disciplined execution marrying the new people along with our broad team of – into programs like our senior relationship management program, which we have talked about overtime, which enables us to deliver more of the firm globally and across products to our clients that’s certainly a combination of the new people with the existing team with the management disciplines that I think you are seeing reflected in some of the market share gains.
Ruth Porat: We call it unallocated capital and now we are calling it parent capital because our view very much has been that the regulatory environment will continue to evolve, Basel 2.5 obviously coming in, and now we have a date of end of 2011 and then Basel 3 at some point thereafter and the assumption has been that we will continue to build capital that will be allocated to the businesses as we have greater clarity coming out from Basel. And so, that’s one important element that we continue to view capital and the fact that we do have this excess unallocated parent, whatever you want to call it, is providing the base to elegantly move into Basel 2.5 and then beyond. And so, as we are thinking about various capital management opportunities, dividends, share repurchase etcetera, at this point, I still would say it’s premature, we want to see ongoing progress in the earnings, we want to see a more durable economic recovery, but do take your point that we have built out that capital base.
Ruth Porat: We don’t comment on live transactions or situations, and we will give everyone the update as soon as we can.
Ruth Porat: So, on the equity side, we do think that we had market share gains in cash equities, we are pleased with a lot of the client activity on the derivatives side, and as I noted, on prime brokerage, we were similarly – view that the results reflected ongoing progress that was going deeper with existing clients and selectively broadening out our client base as we said, but from the level of activity that we have been seeing and that is globally, it really does go I think to the strategy that we have delineated, we would also say we still think it is early days.
Ruth Porat: I think as James said at the outset, it is very much market-dependent. We did see post Flash Crash retail setback from the market. I was actually striking as you ended the first quarter, we ended the first quarter going into the first half of the second quarter notwithstanding the political and economic turmoil broadly, we still saw strength in retail and it really started to change post Flash Crash, it’s going to take time to come back. And so, I think it is fair to assume that some of those targets get pushed out, it’s very much market-dependent. To James point that we can only control, we can control, we are continuing to execute on the integration and invest in the integration, but it will take some time and it’s market-dependent.
Ruth Porat: I think when you listen to the breadth of areas that we highlighted from cash equities to prime brokerage, commodities, FX, it really an execution on both the sales and trading front, and a lot of it is continuing to drive the dialogs deep into the clients, delivering more to the clients. And so, there was no silver bullet, it was basically detailed execution which is I think what I need and we will continue to deliver. But the breadth of it does I think underscore that there was a lot of execution that people in the building we are doing commodities was, I noted, had more focus on some of the structured transactions, which their clients are looking for, and so again, a real mix of execution within aggregate helped us improve our market share.
Ruth Porat: So far, this quarter has been quite muted. I think that’s pretty much across the board institutional and retail investors and it’s hard to forecast where it goes from here, but it has been quite muted.
Ruth Porat: We would say it’s very consistent. I think our view is given power of this brand and the strength of this franchise globally, we were understaffed for the opportunity in sales and trading and the strategic real focus has been on delivering the firm more broadly to our clients. It’s all about client facing activity and it’s about that around the globe. And so, what we really need in order to be able to deliver the firm is the breadth of the team. It’s not in any way a modification of what we are talking about in the fall, but highly consistent with the way we have been looking to increase our market share and in particular you see it in a number of the comments in our flow business that our clients engaging more robustly with us and therefore when we look at what even is a more tepid environment, I think what’s flown through is the ongoing strength of the client relationship, the client activity delivering for the client, enabling us to deliver some results.
Ruth Porat: I think the – it’s complicated in particular as it relates to where derivatives is going to go, and part of the difficulty in answering the question is in particular on derivatives, much of the cost in rule making still will be flushed out. I think with respect to derivatives not in the bank or in the bank, I did note that upfront, we do think that’s an opportunity to move certain of the derivatives into the bank and the rating and funding advantage that, that brings. But it’s still work in progress.
Ruth Porat: That’s very much a choice, and I am glad you actually asked it that way, because it’s one that we are going to take the time to assess what makes the best sense for our clients and for all, but we have the flexibility, we have the opportunity, and I think it creates an opportunity to the extent it makes sense, it’s more efficient, etcetera, we can move it, others will be needing to move certain things out of their banks.
Ruth Porat: So, on the outflows, I think when we look at the data, it does seem we have been seeing quite a bit of anecdotal industry-wide data about outflows, but I will comment specifically on ours that we have had outflows. We expect some of it due to the April 15th tax season and it certainly seems to be exacerbated as I said in particular post Flash Crash. With respect to hiring of teams, not really seeing much more activity on that front, I mean, there is some movement as there always is, but clearly not much.
Ruth Porat: The targets and the analytics around the cost etcetera remained unchanged. They were still expecting the cost of $1.1 billion by the end of integration, and the other metrics that we shared with you about the number of FAs ranging between 17,500, 18 plus, PBT margin at steady state 20% is still there. I think the complexity is that the market has been quite challenging, and when we look at the retail reaction this quarter to market events, it’s quite pronounced. And so, we are pushing out the target and the guidance that it is very much market dependent because we will need to see a couple of quarters of stability we think before we see retail investors returning in a meaningful way, and therefore pushing it out until we can start providing some confidence around that stability.
Ruth Porat: The full-year 2010 spend on integration we think will be in the range of guidance provided earlier this year, $450 million to $500 million. We are expecting $450 million to $500 million this year, and the total cost synergies will be, cost will be about $1.1 billion when we finish integration. It is extending the time and completing the integration that is really at issue here.
Ruth Porat: The $1.1 billion, it remains a valid target. The question is the timing. And so, this year $450 million to $500 million and then beyond.
James Gorman: Hi, it’s James, just to add to that. As you know, we laid out at a couple of investor meetings a long-term strategy for investment management. The first piece was the combination of our various funds businesses which we did, the second was to exit the retail space which we have done, the third is the buildout of the institutional and money market funds business, which Greg is actively working on and a number of the highs he has made it in the last four weeks is support of that. The fourth is to look at the structure associated with the various hedge fund stakes that we have and the fifth is to calibrate the amount of capital we want to put into our merchant banking activities, which we are doing overtime. So, there is a lot more news to come from Greg on that.
James Gorman: I would just add that in the last several months as John Mack believe, myself and other senior management have been travelling around the world, we have consistently heard or refrained from clients that they would like to do more business with Morgan Stanley, and I think what you see in some of the results, it’s the support that we are getting from the clients and the strength of the brand of the franchise. Obviously a lot more to be done, but the (inaudible) has been supported so far.
James Gorman: Well, a couple of things. Firstly, obviously you can’t control the markets. If assets got priced by say at the end of each quarter and your fee revenues are based on asset prices, the interest rate spreads are what they are given where interest rates are at this point in the cycle. So, actually flows, client flows probably have the least impact on the numbers. What has the most impact are asset prices interest rate numbers and secondary activity driven by primary activity, so there is a new issue calendar. What I am focused on and what the team is focused on is making sure that we get the steps from the integration done, which we are doing, let the sales force remain stable throughout that which it is, and that the clients see a continuous improvement in the quality of service and offering that they are getting from Morgan Stanley, which I believe they are and will increasingly do overtime. So, well, we are controlling, I think the team is doing very good job controlling. What we can’t control, we wish the world was better, the retail investment will not disappear forever, that I am pretty sure, I have been doing this for a long time, and our team is very focused on providing you innovative products and to the buildout of the banking strategy led by CC sub [ph].
James Gorman: Yes, I just had two quick things. The FA numbers were actually remarkably stable (inaudible), and I think they were plus or minus, I don’t even know the exact number, but we have got it in the supplement, plus or minus less than 100. So, it’s remarkably stable. The plus, clearly you want to have positive plus and driving the business organically will get that. The impact of, I wouldn’t be overly concerned about the impact of the $5 billion that flows at about 80 basis points, so it’s probably $40 million per year in revenue or $10 million a quarter. So, that’s not very consequential, much more consequential is the market environment where assets are various and peers and where deposit spreads are.
James Gorman: It’s James here, Jim. Yes, the short answer is it is a core business for us. Merchant banking includes everything from a nation private equity business to global fund to a real estate investing special situations, our infrastructure funds, mezzanine debt funds, it’s very broad group of businesses. Obviously in view of the Volcker Rule, we would be looking at the percent of capital we have put into those businesses, and within each of the separate pieces of them, but frankly what is driving I think around this is less about the regulatory reform and more about what we need to do as a firm and which parts of the business we really think we can excel in. So, it’s more of a strategic view. Obviously we will comply with whatever the ultimate rule-making is around the percentage capital we can put into.
James Gorman: Firstly, I think all the institutions that are bank holding companies will be under the same regulations and secondly, I think it’s way too premature to predict whether you can attract funds or not. My experience is being if you have good performance, you attract funds.
