James Gorman: Yes. Yes. I mean it's not a simple answer because in the old days, it was simple. It was a function of money that you lost by financial advisors leaving and money you gain by recruiting financial advisors. And obviously, that's a sort of sorry way to run a business. It basically settles your P&L for the next nine years to buy a little bit of joy in the near-term. Fortunately, we've outgrown that. The source of net new money comes from several places. Number one, as you heard the retention in the workplace space is much better than what we did pre E*TRADE. I mean, we -- I think it went from 21% to 24% last year, but pre-E*TRADE, it was much, much lower and pre-Solium. Number two, the reality is wealthy people get wealthier quicker than people who are less wealthy get wealthy. And we've got a lot of them. We -- now with our -- the sophistication of our network, the linkages we have to invest in banking across our top financial advisors, the family office structure the team has put in place are all drivers of growth that we didn't have before. I mean just the new assets that are brought in from our Investment Banking relationships sort of across the house, whereas in the past, we never really introduced across the house. It's truly running like one Firm. Thirdly, we're just not losing many people. I mean that's the reality relative to previous years, where being significant net gainers. And that's not because we're doing stupid recruiting deals. That's because we're not losing a lot of people. Now we are doing recruiting deals. There are talented people in the market. They're not coming from one1 particular Firm or another. We don't focus on firms, we focus on individuals, and that has been doing well. Then you add in things like the technology the team has put in place in Wealth Management, sort of the virtual advisor type technology where you leverage the best talent we have across the whole country, all of the old platform that is being built out, where we now provide the product that you would have had to go to another Firm to get. And finally, you bring in the deposits and what we've done with the bank and the online banking. And then you throw on top of that E*TRADE and what that's been doing in growth. And so Christian, it's an interesting story. It's many, many parts, which is why we're confident it's going to keep going. Just recruiting, that's different. You turn that spigot on or off, but it's not just recruiting. So I think there's going to be strong organic growth. I mean these numbers, we said unprecedented for reason. It had never -- we've never seen -- it's 10%, 11% organic growth year-over-year. That's got to be the best in the industry, and overwhelmingly, the best in our history. And it's better than, frankly, many of the traditional faster-growing, so-called faster-growing companies. So we're really excited about it. I don't think 10% or 11% is realistic to hold. But certainly, we're not going back to anywhere near where we were in the old days.
James Gorman: Yes. I'd say, Christian, obviously, this is going to be a hot topic because it's all anybody wants to talk about all of a sudden is expense management for 2022. I'm not going to talk about competitors, but you've got to look at business models. I mean, we're a different business model. Just take our Wealth Management business, which is $24-plus billion in revenue. Those advisors are paid on a grid. There is no inflation on it. It's based upon what they produce. Most of our investment bank is similarly paid based on bonus and that's based on what they produce, what our performance is. If that goes up, they go up, which they did this year and we were thrilled to do that. So we've invested a lot in technology, but we've also bought companies. As I said before, we didn't just buy E*TRADE and Solium and Eaton Vance, we bought technology businesses within them, which we would have been developing ourselves, the online banking business within E*TRADE, the Solium workplace platform, which is basically -- it's basically software programming business, the Parametric platform with Eaton Vance, all of these are things which if we built would have been very expensive. So buy versus build, we made that trade-off. So it's a combination of all of those. We're very comfortable with our expense situation right now. And I don't know, we're just -- I guess, it's a different business model.
James Gorman: Yes. I don't know what -- I'm not sure I heard you correctly about what you said about what I said last quarter. But let me say what I'm going to say this quarter. Listen, we -- historically, back in the bad days, we actually had negative growth, right? We lost more money than we brought in. Then for a bunch of years through the early sort of '12 through '15, we were probably running at 1%, 2%. The couple of years before the E*TRADE acquisition and before, frankly, the business really hit its stride, we were sort of running around 3%, 4%, 5%, and we kind of guided 4% to 6% was reasonable for long-term predictions. This past year, I think we grew at 11%, which is -- I mean, it's freakish, right, Glenn? This is -- you're talking about over $400 billion of new money. There are a lot of asset management companies that aren't $400 billion in size. I don't think that's sustainable. I mean, God I'd love it, but I don't think it's sustainable, but we're not going back to 3%, 4%. I don't know if it's 5, 6, 7, somewhere in that zone. But it's going to be a very healthy growth rate. And you compound that out over what is now $4.9 trillion, you get to really big numbers, which is why, combined with wealth and asset management, we put them together and currently, they're about $6.5 trillion. We can see a path to $10 trillion here, and we want to call that because we believe that's going to happen. So that's -- we're in that sort of, I don't know, 4, 5, 6, 7. It's -- and that's why I deliberately said in the script that it was too early to put a net new money target out there. We needed to see where this really settled.
James Gorman: Yes. Listen, this is the problem with putting goals out there. You hear them and everybody says, "Great, what's the new one?" Our goals last year, our 2-year goals was 14 to -- take ROTCE of 14% to 16%. We happen to hit 20% this year. It was an unbelievably good year. And if we were really operating with a permanent 20-plus percent ROTCE, the stock would be much higher than it is now. In fact, I think it should be higher than it is now, but that's a different issue. So we put out 20%-plus. I don't think you're going to find another bank in the world that's putting out a 20%-plus ROTCE goal. And over the long term, we're not saying forever, that's why we separated client assets at 10 trillion as longer term not to be too cute about it, but we think that, obviously, just mathematically, if you do 5% net new money growth, you have 5% to 6% market appreciation, you're talking about a sort of just mathematically, full year to 5-year time zone to get to 10 trillion. By the way, in 2006, our total assets as a company were $1 trillion. We're now at 6.5. So it's not like an impossible lift. On efficiency ratio, when I started in this job, I think our efficiency ratio was in the low 80s. We have grounded down every single year. And our range over the last -- including this year, 2021, '22 was 69 to 72. We obviously beat that. We had -- as I said, we had a blowout year. But we're consistently of the view that, notwithstanding all the talk about expense pressure, our efficiency ratio will stay under 70%. That for long-term management and managing growth and investing in the business, you got to balance growth versus expense, I think that's a phenomenal outcome. And Wealth Management, our long-term goals there was 69 to 72 -- I'm sorry, 26 to 30, we've now said 30% plus. When we get the kick up from the forward curve, we get some of the rate increase in the next couple of years. We finished the integration expenses. You're going to see that number go up. No question about that. So that's the context. And frankly, I just like the round 20, 70, 30, 10, felt like a nice clean sheet. Everybody can follow it. And that's what we're planning on.
James Gorman: Steve, I have to say I love you. You're the first person in history to call a 30%-plus pretax margin Wealth Management as conservative. I mean we started we're like 3%. So listen, there's nobody in history, I think, has ever generated 30-plus percent number. I think it was back -- if you go back, it was Shearson in the fourth quarter of 1999, I believe, generated a 29% margin. And that was because they were doing, let's just say, a lot of Internet-based buy and selling, the clients back then. So that was like an artificial period. Listen, there is the reason we put the plus on it. We don't think 30% is the ceiling. But let's run before we sprint here. We've gone from 5 to 10 to 15 to 20 to 25. 27%, 28% margins with growth, that's a phenomenal story. If we can do 30%, which we will do because of the way rates are going, it gets even better. So 30%-plus, there's no great magic to it. It's just the math of how we think the business plays out the next couple of years. I don't know what the plus is going to be. It might be 0.1 or it might be 5.
James Gorman: I'll take the second question -- second part of the question first. No. We, in fact, did a 20% ROTCE this year without taking extra risk taking with the movement in rates, the scaling the business, the completed integration to come of Eaton Vance and E*TRADE and the removal of those costs. The moats around the business and the embedded growth we have in net new assets, I don't think these are -- involve risk-taking at all. This is not about growing the balance sheet and growing risk-weighted assets. This is about growing durable fee sources, durable revenues and managing our expenses. I don't know if we're going to achieve it every single year, but we certainly -- it's certainly a goal, and it's a go for reason. So no, I don't think it involves taking extra risk. I mean, fundamentally, our business model is different, Mike, as you know, we generate $30 billion and it's going up from wealth and asset management that don't involve taking a lot of risk. Our investment bank -- traditional Investment Banking doesn't involve taking a lot of risk. Some of the underwriting, obviously, does. Some of the trading does. But a lot of the -- look at equities, a lot of the equities business is buying and selling on behalf of clients. So no, that's not -- the plan is not after all these years to dial up the risk.  And I'm not going to repeat what I've said many times, I'm not leaving now, and I'm not going to be here in 5 years, and it's up to the Board. We're developing successors. I'll be here a few years. And I want to see these integrations done. I want to see us firmly on this path. And I want to hand it over to somebody else who can take us to the next decade.
James Gorman: On the international, I mean, E*TRADE already manages some plans internationally. We don't have immediate plans to take the platform outside the U.S., but it's certainly part of the long-term strategy. So I'd say right now, let's get the integration done. Let's prove out the case here, get the cost synergies we talked about sort of close the books on that, and then we're looking for further expansion.
James Gorman: We've got a lot of clients. So I'm sure some of them are well positioned for rate hike. Some are -- it's very hard to predict that, that point suggests we're going to get 3 to 4 rate hikes this year and 3 to 4 next year. That feels kind of right. That gets us back to sort of near normal. Normal would be about 10 increases from here, gets us to about 2.5%. If people aren't positioned to manage getting back to normal, then it's kind of -- I mean, it's sort of their problem. It's not -- I'm not particularly worried about it, to be honest. And we don't try and project how people are going to change their positioning with what is a fairly predictable set of outcomes, which is we will have a normalization of interest rates at some point in the next couple of years.
Sharon Yeshaya: If I can also add to it, Christian, I would just say if you actually look at the data, is relatively, as James said, balanced across many of these different sectors. But as you think of just the advisor channel, you're seeing not only -- we've, I think, spent a lot of time speaking to the community around assets held away. We are seeing existing clients bringing assets as well as new clients bringing assets to the advisor-led channel. So you are seeing a balance of both.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I think we have managed expenses well. I think that we always are cognizant of the pressures around expenses, both on the wage side and on the non-comp side. If you think about the comp side, I think we constantly feel that we've paid for performance, and that's sort of been the model that we have. But as you also think about the non-comps, we're investing in our integration. We're investing in technology, resiliency, cyber. And I think we're also putting in place different types of investments as you think about positioning Morgan Stanley up for growth and making sure that we have the right people and the processes in place to do that. But there is also inherent operating margin in -- or excuse me, operating leverage in the model, and that's been something that we've been able to demonstrate, I think, this quarter as well as over the course of the year.
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. So this $200 million, what we're reflecting here, Brennan, it's a good question, is the forward curve. And so the forward curve has the first rate hike in effect that we looked at from December 31. So that's in the second quarter. So therefore, it's the amount that you would expect to realize this year, should that forward curve play out. That's the way this slide was illustrated. And just to drive the distinction, though, between what you see in the Q, the Q has all different types of waivers. It's not just money market waivers. But you're right to say that this number on a relative basis would be considered low if you're thinking about a full year context.
Sharon Yeshaya: No, you're not. Thank you for clarifying that. That's 100% accurate. What we were referring to is the first quarter of 2022 and using this full year number as a good launching off point is sort of setting you up. That's obviously ex-integration for the first quarter. So yes, as the rate rises, that should increase the margin as it goes forward throughout the course of the year.
Sharon Yeshaya: It's the fourth quarter. Those -- you see some of the rates moving up in the fourth quarter, Brennan. But overall, I think as you look forward and you think about fees more broadly, we obviously have a larger asset base. I think it all ends back to this idea of growth. And that's -- I think, really ties to James' slide as well, which really thinks about what are we trying to build, leaning into growth and really thinking about creating durable fee revenue streams over time.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Why don't I take the last one first, which I think the overarching theme is really around adaptation? As it specifically relates to SA-CCR, I think there was data mitigation that we were able to achieve. And I think we're proud of being able to focus and move forward. As it relates to Basel, no surprise that you asked the question, Steve. So it's nice to hear from you on that one. But obviously, there is no final rule yet. I think there's -- the difficulty in saying something is that there's often and can be offset between these rules. And so that's something that I would bear in mind as you think through it and as we all think through it. But what I think is really the point is that we have adopted really well. And we also have 280 basis points, I think, as James showed, of excess capital on the CET1 metric. And so I think we're really comfortable with our position, and we're comfortable to better understand the capital rules as they come our way.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I would actually point to the fact that what I said, I think, in the last 2 quarters, is that we're seeing a broadening out of the advisor activity. It's not specific to any one sector. And I think that's been what's really contributed to the healthy pipelines in that business. across all the Investment Banking. And then as you look in sales and trading, it's a highly diversified model and has not really pinned down to any one specific sector.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think the -- if you think about the industry wallet, -- There have been a couple of things that I would mention. One is, obviously, as I said, if you look specifically at Investment Banking, you've seen different types of activity. You see different types of corporates and sponsors, which has been one of the contributors of a greater wallet. But then if you also think about the Sales & Trading franchise and the movement there, the activity has changed. I think that you were looking back -- if you think back to pre-2018, '17, '19, there was obviously less activity with central banks all having a very similar approach and one rate. Obviously, as you inject rates rising, you do -- you would expect or one should expect different types of volatility and different diversification amongst products, which could contribute to a bigger or a different type of wallet that you saw in the early 2020 to period. That being said, I mean, obviously, none of us have a crystal ball. I think right now, what we do know is that activity is high. I think there's a lot of client differentiation and a robustness really in that type of wallet more broadly. But we'll have to see how it goes. And I think the point I was trying to make in my conclusion is we don't know how any of it will impact sentiment. And I think that's the big piece that is out there is a factor that we have to watch.
Sharon Yeshaya: So I think that when you -- what we would point to is I think this is a really -- it's a scale-driven model. We've put a lot of moats in place. I think having a global reach across different pieces contributes to the ability to actually hold or gain share across the Investment Banking division and -- or excuse me, the Institutional Securities franchise more broadly. If you think about the equities, we have a very strong very strong franchise there. Investment banking, as I've said before, we continue to invest in that business. And then if you look at fixed income, I think we continue to feel good about that business, our client positioning, and we've gained share over the last couple of years, and we feel good about being rightsized and there for our clients as it relates to those needs.
Sharon Yeshaya: So why don't I start on the integration. I think where we -- what we had said was we looked for approximately a 3-year integration period. We have seen some -- and this is specific to E*TRADE, we have seen obviously a portion of the integration-related spend over the course of the last 2 years. We would expect the vast majority of the integration-related expenses to be pulled forward into 2022 with a slight residual in 2023 but most of that happening in 2022. And I think that what you'll see later in the 2023 space will be more on the back end and not really a client -- not really client-facing. As it relates to the actual cost synergies that we've seen, we're in a very good place. I think that it's exceeded our expectations in terms of the guidance that we gave in terms of a time line and seeing those come through. But on a holistic basis, we stick to the cost synergy guidance that we gave when we first announced the transaction.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So on the first -- on the new metric, I think that the first driver you're going to see is a lot of the companion accounts, right? So we've talked about the fact that we would expect to give everybody on the U.S., a companion account or at least be at 90% by the end of this year, and that's still on track. And what that will allow for is as those assets from stock plans vest into a companion account, you retain them in a Morgan Stanley self-directed type of way.  And then you use -- this will lead to the second question that you asked and sort of tying it together, products like LeadIQ or technology investments like [Project Genome] to better understand our clients and offer us the technology and that agility to give advisors and to provide the right advisors to the right workplace participants. We are already doing that. We already have pilots in place where we are giving different workplace individual advisors. And so I would say that this -- the first step is really getting everybody a companion account and that's part of the integration process. And then the second part is using technology to better match clients such that, while they still get client choice, we're able to offer them the full advice network that Morgan Stanley has to offer.
Sharon Yeshaya: Does it -- no, this is a longer-term target. I think you saw it even this year. So I would just retort with look at this particular year and where we were in terms of our CET1 and, obviously, say we were able to do it given the market circumstance. I'd say that over time, however, we continue to look at capital. As we think about how do we best use that capital for investment, returning it to shareholders with dividends, looking at buybacks and then other ways and uses of capital as we have over the course of the last decade.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So I think that the fee waiver sort of speak for themselves, and so I think that gives you a direct number. On the E*TRADE and Eaton Vance integration -- or excuse me, the Investment Management and the Eaton Vance integration, I think that the way to think about it is it wasn't ever a cost savings transaction. The idea was always to marry the platforms, and you've already begun to see that. So if you think about the diversification of the product suite itself, you're in a position where if you see flows in one business go down, you've seen flows go up in other businesses. And so that's given you this ballast almost in that business specifically. But in addition to that, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, if you look at the second thing that we had highlighted a lot when we purchased Eaton Vance was the different distribution networks. So we have an international -- or Morgan Stanley had an international distribution capability that Eaton Vance didn't have. So a product such as Calvert, where you have a cyclical tailwind in terms of -- and a secular tailwind in terms of people being interested in that sustainability space, that is going to be sold using our international distribution channels beginning in the first half of year. I think that shows the progress and momentum that we have in place as you're marrying those 2 different sort of companies and they're coming together as one.
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, Parametric was already offered and very well received within the Wealth Management platform. I think we're looking for more ways to sell -- to offer that product, I should say, within different parts of the Wealth Management channel.
