Tom Faust: Yes. Just to clarify the only thing I talked about was our mutual fund flows for the period just continuing the context of improvement. I'm not really prepared to talk about our overall flow trends for the quarter-to-date as that may or may not be a good indicator of what the quarter as a whole will be. I will say generally that in the same way that we had strong flows across the -- across our businesses in the fourth quarter we've had good flows for the month-to-date. But it's -- we're only a little over three weeks into the quarter, so I don't want to talk too specifically about anything other than those couple of exceptions I made in my remarks.
Tom Faust: The institutional pipeline overall is quite good. We've had -- we have I guess three multimillion dollar -- multi-hundred million dollar pieces of institutional business that we're expecting in the second quarter that gives us certainly confidence in -- and general momentum in our institutional business. And I'm separating out the exposure management business, which is in our institutional flows, but we show those separately. So in -- think about my comments in institutional separate from exposure management. One of the things that has been working against us and worked against us in this quarter we have a large institutional client in bank loans I think which over the last several quarters has been drawing down their position over time. This was a -- this was and is a multibillion dollar client. So there will be some pressure there. We're most of the way through that drawdown. But this is a long-term allocation that over the last maybe four or five quarters has seen a fairly significant drag on both our bank loan business looking at it from a mandate point of view, but also from our institutional separate account business. Not to double-count those, but we report both of those things. So we're -- we think we're getting near the end of that on a -- more broadly we expect good flows in institutional. Some of the thing -- places where we're achieving institutional success one is our emerging market local income strategy, which is a big quite a big asset class outside the United States where we are seeing some success growing that with institutional clients. Also under the Calvert banner, we recently landed a significant institutional fixed income core fixed-income mandate. And also in the offing is a large high-yield bond individual -- institutional separate account offering that we expect to fund in the current quarter. So I would say overall maybe a mixed bag with one fairly significant negative. That's this bank loan client that's been pulling down over time their exposure to us and other managers that they've hired in this category offset by pretty broad strength in other things. Maybe on the equity side just a comment. You probably have noticed that Atlanta Capital has had a quite strong performance over recent years very strong 2019 numbers. And they also have seen a pickup in their institutional business. And that's what you can think of as traditional large-cap U.S. business, which has been as everyone knows a very tough place to grow institutionally. But their -- the distinctiveness of their performance record and their investment approach has allowed them to grow over the last few quarters and have a decent growth pipeline even in an industry environment where very few people are growing actively managed large-cap U.S. equity mandates.
Tom Faust: Yeah. So just to add the two numbers up -- add the two numbers up not to subtract one from the other to get the expectation for second quarter versus first quarter.
Tom Faust: So Calvert's the -- we acquired Calvert at the end of 2016. At that time very close to 100% of their business was U.S. mutual funds and we've grown that business. We've just about doubled Calvert business. We're not quite there but just about doubled Calvert's business from I think $11.9 billion at the end of 2016 when we acquired Calvert. So that business to date -- the business growth has to date still been primarily mutual funds, mutual funds in the U.S. But our ambitions for Calvert and Calvert strategies and the Calvert brand are certainly much broader than U.S. mutual funds. We're implementing a variety of Calvert strategies as institutional separate accounts in conjunction with Parametric as an offering under our Parametric Custom Portfolios banner. So these are both Calvert indexes as implemented by Parametric also the opportunity to offer Calvert active strategies as implemented by a Parametric. Institutionally, as I mentioned we recently had a significant win with a U.S. pension plan that is -- that was attracted to Calvert based on both the strength of their investment performance capability, but also on the strength of their commitment and support of responsible investing. There are many, many, many mission-driven organizations around the U.S. and internationally that we think there's an excellent potential fit between their desire to achieve both strong investment returns, but also alignment of their portfolio holdings with the mission of that organization. So think about all kinds of mission-driven non-profits as well as pension funds and broader organization endowments where responsible investing is a key initiative and a key focus of those organizations. So not to overplay the term, but again we think we're just watching the surface in terms of our ability to take the Calvert brand from heritage as a U.S. mutual fund provider to making that broadly known and broadly represented not only in mutual funds in the U.S. but also funds outside the United States and individual separate accounts and institutional separate accounts in the U.S. and internationally. Clearly this is a time when Calvert is in many respects ideally positioned to grow with surging interest in the market, in the general category of responsible investing. A lot of confusion about what that is and what that means that Calvert based on its long history there can help educate the market on and all that backed by really quite an exceptional investment performance record across a wide range of strategies. So I mentioned that Calvert had 26% organic growth rate in the first quarter. We're certainly optimistic that we can continue to grow Calvert at a well-above average rate not only drawing upon mutual fund clients, but increasingly separate account clients in both institutional and individual markets.
Tom Faust: So when -- in Parametric custom portfolios there is competition. We will -- and growing competition. There's also a growing opportunity. And so we'll see how that plays out. We think there is a much bigger market opportunity for us and other competitors. It's not surprising given the growth profile of this business that there are other people that are trying this. We think there are significant advantages of scale, significant advantages of experience that we have that new market entrants do not have. But we don't expect this to be a one-player market. There are a handful of other significant players and a few around the edges that are maybe dabbling with this. I don't think there's room for a lot of dabblers to achieve success, but there will be likely a handful of market leaders in this business, of which we would expect Parametric to continue to be the largest among those market leaders as we are today. Price is and always has been one element of the competition in the customized individual separate account business. Mostly it's been about features and service and to some degree also access. Can you get in front of the financial adviser? Can you get access to that adviser? Can you articulate the advantages of a customized individual separate account better than the other guys? Can you demonstrate that you're achieving those advantages better than the other guys? And also, importantly, can you service that relationship better than the competition? And service here is both as-needed high-touch service, but also ideally an element of -- an increasing element of low-touch service, that is using technology to drive enhanced service, which we think is going to be critical to maintaining profitability in this business, if prices on average continue to fall, which we expect, by and large, they will over time in this business. On the fixed-income side, it's a bit of a different story. There are several competitors in the laddered bond space. It doesn't feel like the price competition there is intensified. We worry a bit about equal market access in that market relative to broker-dealers offering in-house strategies that can compete against third-party strategies. Also as I mentioned in my earlier comments in response to Ken's question, we do think there's a significant emerging opportunity for fixed income, direct indexing best solutions that we think we're in a far better position to offer those today, than literally anyone else in the marketplace, based on the development work we've done on those kinds of strategies, which we're pretty excited about the potential for long term, to expand how people think about this category. It's not just replicating or roughly replicating an equity index. It's taking that, combining it with fixed income and over time developing solutions that move well beyond replication or tracking of a benchmark, to helping clients and financial advisers meet their financial needs more broadly, including concepts of target risk and target date and custom LDI.
Tom Faust: Okay. Well, I guess, I'll start with time will tell. We don't know -- most of the acquisitions that have been announced haven't been completed. So, the ones that I think we feel most comfortable, we know the answer to, are consolidation within the asset management industry. And how that usually plays out may not play out in the case of the recently announced transaction. But how that usually plays out is that, during a fairly prolonged transition period, there's some amount of migration of assets from the two companies that are merging two competitors. Strategies get put on hold, there are changes, disruptions to investment teams. Those are the kinds of things that the firms that are merging are trying to minimize and those are the things that their competitors are trying to take advantage of and those are the things that their customers and gatekeepers are watching for and very concerned that there may be negative fallout of this transaction from the point of view of them and their clients. So there's always some opportunity. How big that is, is always very hard to gauge. But, in general, consolidation among competitors in the short run creates opportunity for those competitors, just because of the disruption associated with the merger. Longer term, once the thing happens, it very much depends on their ability to execute and lots of things that are very hard to foresee during the period when acquisitions are being announced. In terms of the more distribution oriented or ones affecting wealth management more than asset management, so this would be the Schwab TD Ameritrade or E*TRADE Morgan Stanley that's just to be clear what I'm talking about, those are a little hard to judge. What is important to us is that, we continue to maintain market access. And that is, obviously, critical to our business success. What we have to do to maintain that is demonstrate that we're worth that, that we provide value added relative to what they can do themselves. That's always been true. That continues to be true in our business. With limited exceptions, we sell to financial intermediaries where build versus buy is a decision that they always have. Any one of these firms could decide if they're going to do asset management in-house. How they get there? Who knows. And the record generally of these firms has not been good. These are very different businesses, asset management versus wealth management, and few companies are able to do both well. As I think about industry change, I take comfort in the fact that Eaton Vance, while we're up, I guess, a meaningful company in many respects, with about $0.5 trillion of assets under management, we are in the grand scheme of the asset management business, a pretty small pimple with a tiny market share in the range of 1% or 2%. As you think about the addressable wealth management marketplace and where our $0.5 trillion stands versus the size of that market. I continue to believe that that size is a big -- is a significant advantage for us, allowing us to grow if we execute effectively on our plan, if we're nimble, if we're smart, if we're innovative, if we can deliver for our clients, even as things happen around us that might be viewed as adverse to our overall industry's prospects. If we can be better than most of the rest of the other guys, we can continue to be very successful as a firm. We're not slavishly limited in our growth by the growth prospects of our industry.
Tom Faust: And maybe I can just jump in with a couple of comments. If you look at our charts accompanying -- the slides accompanying the call, you can see that over the course of fiscal 2019, there was a bit of a disconnect from our in our ability to grow to achieve organic growth in assets versus our ability to achieve organic revenue growth. So, that's comparing slides nine and 11. If you look at the slides, I guess, it's slides 10 and 11. 10 looks at annualized internal growth in consolidated managed assets on a percentage basis and then 11 looks at that same those same numbers just converted into revenues. The real difference -- the driver of the differences in 2019 was primarily the fact that we saw over the course of that year we saw I think roughly $14 billion of net -- no, I think 12 -- sorry $12 billion of net outflows over the year in two relatively high-fee categories; floating-rate income and global macro strategies that dominate our alternative strategies. The best thing that can happen for us in terms of our ability to achieve organic revenue growth in the same range as our organic asset growth is to stop the outflows in those two strategies. We came we got there in alternatives in the first quarter. We think we're getting very close to that happening in bank loans. Our expectation is for the balance of the year subject to markets is that you'll see a much closer alignment between our ability to grow assets and our ability to grow revenues tied to those assets simply because we don't expect that negative which drove that disconnect last year to continue into this year.
Tom Faust: Yes. So, we're -- Calvert has a broad-based menu of strategies in the responsible investing space, including both active and passive. We have – we are growing in active. We're growing in passive. We have good performance in active. We had good performance in passive. That's on the equity side. Fixed income, we really it's – it's an all-active strategy business. I think there's an element of responsible investing that doesn't really cut quite neatly between active and passive and that's the aspect of engagement. So what are you doing to help drive value creation and help improve performance of the companies in which you invest? And you do that through how you vote your proxies, how you participate if at all and shareholder resolutions and the conversations that you engage either individually or as part of groups with the management to try to get them to achieve better results. Those kinds of activities to some degree can cut across both active and passive strategies. As it's – as this business is developing, there's still lot of – this is a pretty fast-moving turf. Lots of confusing terms that out there things that – I use on-term you use another. What I – the term I use might mean something different to me than it does to you. It's going to take a while for that to sort out. But one of the things that I think is clear is that the role of engagement is becoming more and more important in differentiating strategy A from strategy B or manager A from manager B. How do they vote their proxies? How do they participate in shareholder resolutions? How do they, if at all engage with management? So that's a second level of performance beyond the normal way that we measure return. The other things that's I think – I'd say, we're in the early innings of is measuring performance not only in terms of financial results, but also in terms of non-financial results, that is, how does my portfolio compare to an index or some other competitor in terms of tons of ESG, tons of carbon omitted or tons of carbon shaved, lots of different metrics. And again, it's pretty early days, the information is not great. But I think over time as this information develops, we're going to see more and more and better and better reporting on this, so that there's going to be multiple dimensions to how you think about different categories of responsibly invested strategies. Lots of other – I was just on a ICI call on this topic, yesterday, but lots of efforts ongoing to try and bring some clarity to the categorization of different funds, what do these words mean. But if it was and is, and likely will be for the near-term pretty fluid in terms of the terminology and we certainly support industry efforts to bring a little more consistency to that terminology. But what's driving our growth, we think is pretty clear. It's the combination of strong performance plus very credible thought leadership, discipline and performance in terms of the ESG efforts that back our investment teams. Its research, its engagement, its impact measurement, and all that backed by having done this under the Calvert brand, since the early 1980s. So, credibility as a manager, depth of resources as an ESG manager and the tie to strong-performing teams. We think that's the – that's a key to success. Active versus passive, we'll see how that plays out. We tend to think that this is a place where there's greater opportunity for active managers to add value. But as you point out there are also flows going into passive products in this category.
Laurie Hylton: Hi. It's Laurie. I think we've talked a little bit about the pressures that we obviously see in the first quarter. It's difficult when we start the new fiscal year because we've got these seasonal pressures that we see each first quarter. And most of them relate specifically to compensation. We did our best to call those out. I would say as we're moving into the second quarter, I did call out specifically on stock-based compensation that we would anticipate seeing some level of relief recognizing that we had some material first quarter retirements that forced us to recognize about $5.5 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense and we've got some seasonal stuff that happens relating to our employee stock purchase plan and our directors plan that probably will provide us some relief as we move into the second quarter to the tune of about $1 million to $1.5 million. In terms of other operating expenses and the way we're thinking about the year, I think we had been telegraphing fairly clearly that we anticipate we're going to be continuing to make some significant investments in technology. I think that there was some – a little bit of first quarter noise associated with normal first quarter events and operations associated primarily with things like charitable giving which tend to be front-end loaded for us, the way that we actually interact with United Way. But we would anticipate that if we see a decrease in the charitable giving in the second quarter we are seeing a modest ramp-up in our technology spend. So overall, we're – we'd like to see margin expansion. We do think that there is opportunity for that. Obviously, the volatility of the last several days has got all of us a little bit cautious about how we're thinking about the next quarter but we would anticipate that there is opportunity. That said, we are taking advantage of the initiatives that we've announced to start to really invest in some of our technology platforms to provide for future long-term growth and we're committed to that. If we anticipate, we have to start making some changes because there's something very disruptive that happens, I'm sure we will address that in the coming quarters. But I think that we all recognize in our business that we are getting pressed from above and pressed from below there. But obviously pressures in terms of fee rates, we've talked about those in – on numerous calls but there's also pressure in terms of the overall cost structure. And we recognize that things like technology and market data are going to be significant components of our overall cost structure and we're going to have to continue to invest in both. So good markets. I think there is opportunity for market – I mean, margin expansion. Just if we get a lift from market that's a – that goes straight to the top line. But we also recognize we've got to continue to invest to actually grow the company.
Laurie Hylton: No. Hi, it's Laurie again. No. Actually what I said was that there was $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense this quarter associated with retirements that would not recur in the second quarter. And then there was approximately $1 million to $1.5 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense that is in the first quarter that will not repeat in the second quarter. So I would just say -- I think what we're saying is effectively that stock-based compensation expense is likely to go down between $6 million and $6.5 million in the second quarter.
Laurie Hylton: Yes. Maybe I'll address the technology question first. I think as we think about technology spend, I'm starting to think about this in terms of new normal. I don't think we're necessarily talking about a one-time big bang we're going to replace a big system and then all of a sudden we're going to be able to stop spending on technology. I don't think that's what we're talking about. What we are talking about is a slightly more consistent incremental spend on technology recognizing that a lot of this is in relation to the initiatives that we've recently announced associated with Parametric and Eaton Vance that we're combining technology platforms, we are looking to invest in technology to ultimately increase our efficiency, increase our effectiveness, bring down the cost of what it actually takes to manage separate accounts on an account-by-account basis. So our goal is to continue to make those investments and we will see an increase in our technology spend over a longer term period. But our goal is to ultimately then be able to leverage that to reduce our overall operating expenses in the future. So, this is from our perspective very much a long-term play and a long-term investment. In terms of revenue, I think as we're looking at our effective fee rates and I think if you look at Attachment 10 in our press release, you can see that they're really on a category-by-category basis. We are not seeing a diminution in our effective fee rate by equity fixed-income alternatives et cetera. What we are seeing is just shifts in mix quarter-over-quarter that ultimately impacts the average effective fee rate for the period. So, I know there's a lot of talk about decreases in effective fee rates. We are not necessarily seeing that by mandate, but we are seeing a decrease year-over-year in our average effective fee rate at the top of the house recognizing that that is being driven by mix. But I think what is positive from my perspective is that as you look at the this quarter ending January -- the quarter ending January 31 versus the quarter ending October 31 we saw no decrease in our overall average effective fee rate. So, we feel very, very positive that we have got some level of stability at the mandate level and that we've got every opportunity to see our average -- our organic growth in assets, if you will, to actually see our organic growth in revenue mirror our organic growth in assets going forward if we are able to continue to advance the ball on our active equity strategies where there are higher fees while growing our somewhat more passive strategies where the fees are lower. So, I think that we demonstrated this quarter that we could effectively do that by producing 5% organic growth in assets and 5% organic growth in revenue.
