Ted Pick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. The firm generated $15 billion in revenue, $1.82 in EPS, and a 17.5% return on tangible in the second quarter. [Solid earnings] (ph) and demonstration of operating leverage completes a strong first half of 2024. $30 billion in revenue, $6 billion in earnings, and an 18.6% return on capital. In institutional securities, we're beginning to see the benefits from our continued focus on our world-class investment banking franchise, with revenues up 50% year-over-year, including a 70% increase year-over-year in fixed income underwriting. In institutional equities, we are back with a $3 billion quarter. In wealth, we posted margins of 27%, and across wealth and investment management, we've now grown total client assets to $7.2 trillion on our road to $10 trillion plus. Together, we delivered strong operating leverage. Further, on the back of the annual stress test results, we announced that we will increase the dividend by $0.075 for the third year in a row to [$0.925] (ph), reflecting the growth of our durable earnings over time. During the quarter, we built $1.5 billion of capital, and at quarter end, our CET1 ratio is 15.2%, 170 basis points above the forward requirement. Our capital position provides us the flexibility to continue to support dividend growth, support our clients, and buy the stock back opportunistically. The quarter also showed continued balance in both top-line and profitability across the major segments. Wealth and institutional securities produced $6.8 billion and $7 billion in revenue respectively, with earnings also roughly split between our institutional businesses and wealth and investment management. Our businesses are working closely together to maximize adjacent opportunities across the integrated firm. Across the investment bank, navigating changes in the cycle means being deliberate around risk management and, given geopolitical uncertainty, where we spend our time to deliver clients, solutions, and to capture share. In wealth management, we continue to focus on aggregating assets and delivering strong advice. In investment management, we are investing in secular growth areas, including customization and real assets. Year-to-date, annualized growth in net new assets and wealth management is over 5%, with another strong quarter of over $25 billion in fee-based flows. Strong fee-based flows support daily revenue, which on average continues to be about $100 million each day this year throughout and show the stability and continued growth of the wealth franchise. We are well navigating the continued uncertainty around forward rate path, geopolitics, and now the US Political cycle and expect those to be the themes for the balance of the year. We remain focused on our best-in-class talent and building out best-in-class infrastructure to support ongoing growth across wealth and investment management and institutional securities. I wanted to reiterate our strategy, which is clear to advise individuals and institutions around the world in raising, managing, and allocating capital. World-class execution demands that we deliver strong earnings and returns through the cycle, that we do so while maintaining robust capital levels, and that we deliver on a durable growth narrative across the segments. And then Morgan Stanley executes on this strategy in a first-class way [Blue] (ph). That's it in a nutshell. And finally, in reflecting on this weekend's assassination attempt, we share in the hope that in the months to come, we will as Americans, find ways to unify and preserve our better selves. With that, Sharon will now take us through the quarter in greater detail. Thank you.
Ted Pick: Thanks, Ebrahim. Confidence level, high. If you take a step back, there are three pieces to the Wealth Management line; asset management, transactional, net interest income, as you know. In the asset management context, those are fees that are going to fee-based accounts, advisory-led. Those figures are up 4% sequentially and 16% year-over-year. That is fee-paying advice. Last quarter, the net new assets into that category was $26 billion. So fee-based flows -- that continues to be a growth piece of the Wealth Management store. The second cylinder is transactional. Transactional has been relatively weak, which is a link to general weakness in overall capital markets activity. And as you hear from our bullish commentary with respect to overall corporate finance activity in the investment bank, that will bleed through over time to the transactional line. And then third, the net interest income line. And as Sharon said, that will inflect and should inflect over the next year. You put those together, the scale of the business, the funnel, and the processing of $100 million of revenues a day that continue to grow, we are going to continue to achieve operating leverage. It's that simple. We're investing in E*TRADE. We're investing in the traditional advisor, and we're spending a lot of time top of house focused on workplace, which we think is an enormous opportunity across our corporate and sponsor base. In January, I had said 30% was the goal. We were in the mid-20s. We just printed 27% GAAP, 28% [Ex-CPE] (ph). It's a core stated objective. It will take some quarters to get there, but we intend on achieving it over time as we continue to grow assets and scale in the business.
Ted Pick: It's an excellent question because you're exactly right that a number of folks have been calling for this and it has been sort of a delayed shoots if you will. But I think now we are seeing some tempering of the inflation prints and some normalization rates. We are also beginning along with that to see the market broaden-out. You of course have seen that over the last number of weeks. And I think, we can now expect broader corporate finance activity to quicken, whether that is across the corporate community or sponsors or other institutions. And the early sign of this kind of activity can be seen in the convertibles product. Global convertibles activity is up significantly. And as you know, on the margin ladder, it typically goes converts, IPO, and then M&A. In the context of bake-offs and the like, in some spaces we are seeing bake-offs running at triple plus the year-over-year rate that they were at for sectors and for some of our client groups. We've been seeing now the launch of traditional IPOs and we are seeing M&A pipeline kicking in. So corporate community, sponsor community, cross-border community, I think we are in the early stages of a multi-year investment banking-led cycle. If you believe the economy is going to hold up led by the US, you should expect then to see that if there is some regulatory normalization too across a whole bunch of the sectors that are typically most active. So we are quite convicted on this call.
Ted Pick: I mean it's a fair question. You've written about this in the context of what was the normal before financial repression, right? And I would take the view that in the context of the last 15 years, even some normalization, because I don't know that we are going to go into a full-blown rate cycle to your point, some normalizations of rates will still have you at 3% or 4% on the front-end and even some steepening potentially. So now we are just back to the old weighted average cost of capital of mid-90s in most normal economic periods. And the game will have to go on because there is just been some activity that has been suppressed by any kind of measure percentage of asset stock percentage of market cap. And the stickiness that we are seeing in the sponsor community, too needs to unglue. There is an enormous, as you know multitrillion-dollar stockpile between the two sides of sitting on inventory that needs to be released and then dry powder that's been raised. That will act as a competitive weapon against the competitive bid from the corporate community that has to contend with the reality of a smaller world with real sovereign risk and real cost of capital differences from one jurisdiction to another. So in short, unless you were to tell me we are going to go into a full-blown recession, which none of us can call, and that even if we saw rates normalize to something that is along the lines of the historic 4% on the front end, I think you will see over the next number of quarters and really over the next number of years, a resumption of more normalized M&A activity, with the key difference being that the financial sponsor community is now institutionally come of age. They have global reach. They can work the entire capital structure. They will work in concert with corporate partners, as you know. They don't actually have to act as a lone wolves, and they can work with us to finance the package. So it is not just the straight M&A advise or the straight IPO, it would also be bespoke offerings in the private public space, interest rate and foreign exchange hedging and the other ornaments on the investment banking tree that a couple of the leading global investment banks can bring. And this is really why, over the last couple of years, the extent we've done a so-called front-office hiring, it really has been to target several very high-quality investment bankers who typically have spent their entire careers at one firm and have decided to come to the Morgan Stanley platform. And we are seeing the fruits of that across industries. So I am quite bullish on it. Certainly take your point that has been a number of quarters on sort of on the promise. But I think as we get into 2025 and the election coming and then the election behind us, we should see that activity continue on a sustainable pace.
Ted Pick: Which is part of the reason that workplace is so important, because at workplace, I can continue to experience success amongst the corporate and sponsor community that has an affinity effect on the top of the house at those institutions in terms of their own wealth, and then potentially other products around it. So it can be an indirect sale where you aren't necessarily going directly to the prospective client via the FA, but you could actually work potential clients through the institutionalized effect of workplace where we do a great job educating on wellness -- financial wellness and then effectively institutionalizing ourselves by overseeing incentive comp through the Morgan Stanley Solium product and having succeeded on an MS at work mandate, which, as you know is a durable, sticky asset that effectively is seen by the entire employee base, you can start working your way up the funnel to the senior executives of that front.
Ted Pick: Well, I know that competitive set will naturally speak to areas where integration can be an asset. Here, we have -- we believe, something really special inside of our Institutional Securities business, our so-called integrated investment bank, which has been ongoing for -- now we are getting on seven or eight years. Now under Dan Simkowitz's direction. And this is a sort of critical facet of business strategy at our place because you have now the appropriate and important relationships that have been built across fixed income, equities and banking through our capital markets new issue business. You have those now having been compounded and advanced by the mobilization of some folks from one division to another. So there is real familiarity now with the work product. A lot of the work product, as you know, is not traditional vanilla IPOs. Yes. There are some on the horizon that are quite substantial, and we'd expect that to be an important part of the calendar. But there is also a more bespoke product, whether it be convertibles or products in the private area or products that effectively necessitate high-quality structuring and advice, and that can only be brought to the boardroom if you have world-class investment bankers who can lean on the expertise of their colleagues, not just in the new issue business but as appropriate, in institutional equities and in fixed income. And if you look at our fixed income business, for example and fixed income underwriting, you'll see that the share gains have been quite extraordinary. And that the year-over-year revenue number, I believe is up 71%. That speaks to the fine work that's been done by folks, not just in the debt capital markets business which is housed inside of our new issue business linked to banking, but also working closely with fixed income professionals, whether they are in the securitized products group and our commodities area broader credit or in our macro space, i.e., interest rate and foreign exchange. So when you get into the knitting of ISG, our Integrated Investment Bank, you see that part of the reason that we are bullish, not just to Mike's earlier question on the denominator, but also on our ability to increase the numerator, is not so much because we think there is a need to deploy a lot more capital. We will do so as appropriate when the markets demand it. But that we are able to get the kind of bespoke advice for clients that comes from the familiarity of our people, the quality of the advice that is differentiated and importantly, that it's global, so that we can bring it to the client base. So that is part of, I think, the secret sauce that we've been working hard on to generate above cost of capital returns, inside the investment bank on a stand-alone basis. And that obviously doesn't include even the synergies that we'd see across the Firm into Wealth and Investment Management. But your question is on the investment bank specifically. And I feel really good about the way it's structured, the leadership that we have within it, the experience set, and then our ability now to tap into this next cycle which will be different than the last one. Rates will be well higher than that of financial repression. We'll be toggling between some bouts of inflation and potential recession. We'll be dealing with the unpredictability going to not only our own cycle, US election cycle, but the world around us. But also the coming of age and the institutionalization of the financial sponsor community, where we have very strong relationships with that leadership group from top to bottom across the Investment Bank, Wealth and Investment Management.
Ted Pick: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that is, of course as you know, there is real seasonality in the business. Fixed income tends to have its strongest quarter, street-wide in the first quarter, Investment Banking typically in the fourth quarter. That's not every year, but that's typically out shakes out. Third quarter tends to be weaker in the summer months, and then it's sort of all about September. And obviously, this September will be one that will be driven in part by sentiment around the upcoming elections. So that's kind of the seasonality piece. The other is just the scale within the businesses, I'd be remiss again, not to sort of underscore the importance of having reached $3 billion in the equities business. This has been a leading business where we have been Number 1 and Number 2 for the last dozen years. And we see the clients are much in demand of our services across cash, derivatives and prime brokerage. And then connecting to Investment Banking, I think that business has too hit an inflection point again where they can continue to prosecute high-margin business through the cycle. All of this, of course is dependent on the economy holding up and general asset price levels. But given where we are right now, we are feeling good about that, too.
Ted Pick: I will take the opportunity to sort of give a brief view on capital, if I could, Gerard, and link that to potential external opportunities. We anticipated or we believe it was possible that we could have a tougher annual CCAR test, and indeed it was. And what we've prioritized in potential uses of capital, above all things has been dividend policy. And as you know, we are increasing the dividend again to [$0.925] (ph), which at spot offers a 3.5% dividend yield. So that is the continued highest priority on use of capital. If you include of course, use of capital to inorganic opportunity. Second our clients. We have continued to lean in for clients, across the business segments as appropriate, and you see the operating leverage across the businesses, particularly across the investment bank. But we've also thought about the buyback opportunistically and have been buying stock back and returning capital. This past quarter, more than $2 billion between the dividend and the buyback, in a way that has been reflective of offering us that optionality. As we sit here today, we are 170 basis points above the buffer. And importantly, we continue to be in the 3.0 G-SIB buffer, which in one context would normally get much attention, but does get attention in the context of your question, which is sort of forward-looking strategic opportunity. It is worth noting if we can manage to stay at 3.0, assuming the framework holds through whatever Basel brings, that will be our buffer in 2026. So we are [170 basis points] (ph) over and we accreted $1.5 billion this quarter. External, i.e., inorganic, therefore, is something we can think about. It's just not something we're going to think about in the short term. The reality is we've got our forced hierarchy, the forced hierarchy is dividend first, investing in clients as appropriate, achieving operating returns against that second. And then third, the buyback opportunistically. Down the road, two, three, four years out, if opportunities come across the horizon, importantly after we have some definition around Basel and continued potential refinement of what we understand to be inside CCAR formulation, so just general regulatory uncertainty, sure, we might look at stuff. But I would tell you in the short-term, we're very happy with the acquisitions that we've made over the last 10 years, 12 years. And we are determined to generate operating leverage in each of the two major segments; Wealth and Investment Management and the Integrated Investment Bank, and then to obviously hit our efficiency ratios of 70% and the margins and returns that we've talked about.
Ted Pick: I think the answer to that is that we would like to grow share that is durable. We want to grow share in businesses that are connected to the core client base, whether it be global asset managers, the leading alternative asset managers, private equity and private credit players that have come to the floor, and then our lead corporate and sovereign clients. There are products that can be offered. There are very few firms that can do that globally. We continue to have a world-class market space, for example in Asia, where I believe we have the largest equities business. We've been growing the business quite assiduously on the continent in the UK, where our senior management has been putting in a lot of time and attention. And as you know, we have a differentiated joint venture with our friends and partners at MUFG in Tokyo. So if you consider the global footprint of the firm -- in a world that continues to be equities-based. It continues to be an equities world. You see it in the asset price momentum in the US. You see now the potential for that to broaden to more names and more sectors. And that obviously gives opportunity for folks in the stock picking business for example, where we've been very strong traditionally in equities, to do the [cash rise] (ph) and prime brokerage suite that we offer. You could see continued uncertainty based on how the next administration handles the significant macro challenges facing the US, whether you'll see a steeper yield curve, where you'll see activity on the front and to the belly of the curve. That of course, offers all kinds of opportunities for the rates business. And connected to corporate catalyst activity, where, on an M&A acquisition, the acquirer may wish to inoculate themselves from rate or foreign exchange risk, and that's the service that we offer. Again, I like the idea of growing durably inside the integrated investment bank. I like the idea that we are working in sandboxes with the appropriate capital controls around that. But that we are allowing enough breathing space so that when our lead clients are looking to engage in a -- once in every few years catalyst event, that we can fully offer the entirety of the advice and financing spectrum to them on demand. So the answer would be to grow and grow responsibly. I'd like to think we can inch up the numerator along with the denominator, and then you would see that almost imperceptibly over the course of quarters and years.
Ted Pick: We're still early. We're still early in the cycle. We're watching it of course. To the earlier question on when the green [shoes] (ph) come through on the high-margin M&A product, the reality of seasonality, the uncertainty of rate path, geopolitics, US elections, it's hard to put a pin on what the returns will be in a given forward quarter until we kind of see some normalization in those uncertainties, not to mention some of the regulatory stuff that we are dealing with as we speak, Basel namely. But yes, you're right to point out that we are seeing some real operating leverage in the Investment Bank. And over the course of a number of years, as we think about not just the integrated firm, but the returns generated inside of Wealth and Investment Management. And then we look at the returns inside the Investment Bank, we are measuring that. And we are looking to have that contribute to the overall sustainable 70% efficiency of the firm.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Thanks, Glenn for the question. Actually, the portion that -- of the sweep balances that are impacted are as you mentioned, the sweep on the adviser-led channel, which is actually a small portion of the overall BDP that we disclose. So it’s a small portion of that overall stack. And the increase in pricing is being offset largely by the repricing of the investment portfolio, right? So as things mature and that investment portfolio reprices, it's that change in the quarter amount that will offset it when we look ahead.
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. Yes, what I would note there is that what we think about -- when we think about sweeps, broadly is mainly in transactional accounts. And in those transactional accounts, we have a wide range of choices and products for our clients. And so therefore, they have a lot of options as you think about their transactional accounts and brokerage.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. So why don't I take that, and then you can ask your second question. So you are pointing at a great point Ebrahim, as we look ahead through time, which was the second point of my guidance, is that when we look over the next year, we’re seeing and we expect that we should see an inflection in NII. And that is predicated on the points that you mentioned, which is that as you see rate cuts, we would expect those balances to stabilize. Remember, outside of the tax quarter this particular quarter, we had been seeing a stabilization in those sweep deposits. So it's important to recognize that, that has been happening, reaching that frictional level of transactional cash. So that would likely continue. And then over time, you would also begin to see a benefit as rates to be cut, that BDP could actually see inflows, which you've seen from a historical perspective. But in addition to that, you have two other factors. One is the repricing of the portfolio, which I've also already mentioned. And the second piece has to do with lending. We look to continue to support our clients with lending products, and you are beginning to also see that potentially reach an inflection. This is the first quarter that we've seen this type of lending growth since the interest rate hikes began. We've seen now use of SBL products rather than just it being offset by paydowns. So those are all encouraging signs when we look ahead over the course of the next year for NII.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'll take that. It's -- we continue to see broad-based sourcing in terms of where those assets are coming from. In this particular quarter, as I mentioned the biggest offset and drag though, is really from taxes. So it's -- you still have a workplace accounts. You still have the advice-based account directly. You still have self-directed. All those places remain contributors. What continues in my mind to be most interesting though, isn't just the contribution that you are getting from the three various channels, but the fact that you have in the advice-based channel, it's not just coming from existing clients, but it's split with existing and net new clients. And some of those net new clients are also relationships that are being sourced from workplace. So I would not just directly focus on what channel is it coming from, but how are you seeing those channel in that interplay work, because that's actually the power of the differentiated platform. Once you have somebody who wants more differentiated advice for self-directed speaks to an advisor, that advisor sees net new clients, bring in assets, and then that's new acquisitions into the funnel and eventually into fee-based. So it's really the whole ecosystem that I would call your attention to, rather than just one isolated leg.
Sharon Yeshaya: So thanks, Brennan, I'll take that question. No, all the changes that we'll make will happen, are expected to happen in the third quarter. And so those different changes will be made, and they'll be based on various competitive dynamics.
Sharon Yeshaya: That's exactly as I stated it, and it will just be limited as you said, to the sweeps that are dealt within the advisor-led channel.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I think that's a really interesting question. I did call it out. We've seen increased spending by higher net worth, and so higher income bands are certainly spending. We see that in the data alongside actual spending. We see that in purchases of homes. We see that in various tailored investments. So they are -- that cohort, so to speak, is using its cash in different ways and its various investment in different ways. So I do think that -- that's an interesting dynamic that's playing out. I know that others have mentioned it within their portfolios as well. It's only something we are seeing in our data.
Sharon Yeshaya: So when you look at it, I would really focus Steve, on the efficiency ratio targets that we put for the whole firm, right? We think that the firm can run at or below the 70% over time through a durable cycle. The issue with your specific question, as you yourself highlighted is, it depends on where those different revenues are coming from. So there might be periods of time where it's higher BC&E related, there might be periods of time where you have different jurisdictions associated with it. But broadly speaking, the enterprise we've given 30% margins as it relates to Wealth and the sort of Wealth and Investment Management space, and then you have the ISG space. So by definition, if you're running at 70% efficiency ratio more broadly, you look for an entire enterprise to run at somewhere of a 30% margin.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that's a great question. I know, Gerard a few years ago, you also asked me about different values of those assets associated with what the underlying is. I completely agree with you. As you have workplace assets rise, the value of those client assets rise. New corporations issue their employees more stock. They also grow their employee base. It should absolutely add participants. It should add new corporates. It will add new net flows. And now that we have all of that -- when you just have Solium, now you also have E*TRADE and workplace, and the platforms are integrated. So as those flows -- flow into an E*TRADE account, people can transact on that. And then, as Ted said, we can also offer financial wellness. So absolutely, it helps that ecosystem begin to work.
