James Gorman: Sure. Glenn, it's a great question, and it's sort of pivotal to the whole strategic positioning of the firm because right now, I think capital strategy is critical. There are a few things going on. Firstly, we have been able to reduce our peak to trough in CCAR because of the change in mix in our business. Secondly, because of the market environment we've reduced RWAs, just we've taken maybe a more prudent lean in. And obviously, we can reverse that at any point in time, which heats up CET1. Thirdly, we have the Basel III finally looks like it's coming to fruition at some point in the first half of the year, although I don't expect that banks will be required to implement whatever the new capital rules are until the beginning of 2025. So while there's a pretty long time frame, a year is a long time in this business, let alone 1.5 years, I still think that it's prudent to kind of have some capital sitting there and just -- I'd rather be in a position where we have excess capital when particularly in an environment where we don't see obvious places we've put it to work. Now that said, we did our best. We bought back I think it was $8 billion and $10 billion last year. We doubled the dividend the year before. We increased the dividend 11% last year. Obviously, we're -- I mean, it's fair to assume that we're going to continue moving on capital distributions. But I like a number of 15%. We actually -- we triggered a little higher than that this quarter. We could easily drop down to 14.5%. That wouldn't bother me at all, but that will be driven by the environment and business opportunities. So, great position to be in coming into a change in the regulatory outlook potentially, and we can always act aggressively, and we've proven we will do that when we have more clarity.
James Gorman: I mean, listen, our share of fixed income is 10%; banking, 15; equities, 20. So obviously, the fixed income pool grows. By the way, our share a few years ago, it was 6%. So the team under its Ted and Sam Kellie-Smith has done a phenomenal job. But if the pool grows faster in fixed income, just arithmetically, you're not going to do as well as if the pool grew faster in equities. That doesn't bother me a whole lot. I mean, we've never tried to be the FX EM shop. We've never had the global rates trading, FX trading macro businesses that some of the correspondent-driven commercial banks have had, the HSBCs and Citis. And that's a business model just different. We don't have as big transaction services, so we're not going to have as much FX. That said, what the team have done in macro under Jakob, under credit and Jay Hallik in commodities is really impressive. So I'm totally fine with that. And we clearly have the product. It's not like we don't sell muni bonds to our clients, and we don't have fixed income underwriting, et cetera. We have the product. It's just arithmetically, given our share relative to the others, we wouldn't grow as fast. By the way, I was happy to see I think equities was back at number one this quarter, core franchise. And we're really well positioned, Glenn. I'm not bothered by that at all.
James Gorman: Yes, I would say I think Sharon said it, right. And I am highly confident that when the Fed pauses, deal activity and underwriting activity will go up. I would bet the year on that, in fact. CEO's job is to drive growth in their businesses, and they do that two ways, organic and inorganic. And I've been doing this a long time, and I've done both. And the only tricky part about inorganic once you've got your strategy set is timing. And sometimes, you've got to ignore timing, but if the market is really volatile, it behooves CEOs, particularly those relatively early in their careers to be a little cautious, and that's what we're seeing. That will change.
James Gorman: I think just on the efficiency ratio, it's worth pointing out and Sharon mentioned this earlier, if you actually average the last two years, '21, '22, you end up right at 70%. '21 was about 67, '22 at 73. Part of it is revenue driven. We took the efficiency that will take some expenses out in the coming year. We also want to feed the beast. I mean, we're growing parts of this firm. We're trying to -- we don't -- we're not of the view that we're heading into a dark period, whatever negativity in the world is out there. That's not our house views. So we want to make sure we're positioned for growth. This thing will turn. M&A underwriting will come back. I'm positive of it. So, we want to be well positioned for it, but we're going to manage to that number of around 70% as best as we can.
James Gorman: Well, the adviser is the biggest, obviously, by far. We have 15,000, 16,000 advisers, phenomenal business. The direct channel is from the acquisition of E*TRADE combined with our Morgan Stanley Direct, great business. Obviously, it's a little more market sensitive, a little more active, particularly on the option side during bullish market environments. And the workplace is sort of the sleeper. I've said previously, I think, two years ago, I thought in a decade, we'd look back at this firm and say that the workplace was the most significant strategic change to happen over the last decade. I truly believe that the workplace employee, the retirement space is sort of the next frontier, and we're right in the middle of that. So as to margins, they're probably margin accretive in reverse order. In other words, workplace first, the direct second and the adviser third, that's simply a function of advisers. We have adviser payout, and God bless them for the jobs that they do, and we're very happy to pay them. So I think it's a combination, Gerard, of all three of them. We will hit the 30% margin. I mean, we're almost there now in a more challenging environment. So that zero anxiety about whether it's this year or next year, it's coming, and all of them will contribute.
James Gorman: Okay. Let me try and unpack that a little bit. I'm not going to talk about Twitter. We don't talk about single names as you would expect. You did see the line -- the other ISG line. You can assume that whatever marks we took on any single name are reflected in that. And I think the way I think about this is we run a portfolio business. We obviously have single credits at any point in time that disappoint relative to others. But it's the total package, and the total package, if you look at it actually turned out to be very fine given the environment we're in. So on the plan B, I don't know if the rip we did -- we took about 1,800 heads in early December, would equate to a plan B. It certainly felt like it. We've reduced -- we took a severance charge, Mike, which affected some of the efficiency ratio for this year, but we'll improve it for next year. And that was the rightsizing. We were frankly a little overdue. We hadn't done anything for a couple of years. We've had a lot of growth, and we'll continue monitoring that. Obviously, with the way bonus pools work, we reflected the performance of the firm in the bonus pool. So we're not very different from the rest of the world in that regard. And that obviously resets comp a little bit. So, I feel good about where the whole package is. I'm actually, as I said earlier alluded to I'm a little more confident about the long -- medium-term outlook for the market. I'm not talking about the first quarter or two, although Sharon said the first quarter has actually started well. But the medium-term outlook for the markets, I see the Fed has moved from 75 to 50, likely to go to 25. The next stop on the train line is zero and then to mention they start cutting. Not sure they're going to cut this year, but I think there'll be zero increases this year for sure. So that's the inflection point. And there's a lot of money sitting around waiting to be put to work. And that's our job is to be the flow of capital between those who have it, and those who need it. So I'm pretty confident actually about the outlook. So we're -- we've done our plan B, I guess. We're not anticipating a plan C. And we're going to watch and wait for a little while, but I feel pretty good about it.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So if you think about, we were -- we've been below 70%, right? So if you look back to the last couple of years, and there are periods of time where we are below, there's obviously two pieces to it, both the expense side and the revenue side. I think that as we continue to gain scale across the businesses, each of those dollars that we put to work will be more and more efficient. As I highlighted, where we've been investing a lot of those dollars is on the technology side. I noted that in my prepared remarks, and we have seen that both from the cyber resiliency side and also just as we think about the broader integrations of all of the platforms that we've acquired over the last couple of years. So as I think through it and I think about the timing, obviously, a different revenue environment will certainly help. And there's tremendous operating leverage, particularly as you think about the Institutional Securities business, which will help to drive that. Now if you go through each of the businesses, each of those businesses also exhibit operating leverage, right? If you have a constructive market environment, we've seen very strong margins also from the Investment Management business. We're on our way to achieve the 30% margin target as you relate to the Wealth Management business. So I'd say it's a balance of both, both the revenue environment and how that turns around and then just continued discipline and making sure that we have the right investments as we think about our expense base going forward. So we've been extremely prudent and disciplined as we think about the base over the last especially nine months that we've seen with this type of environment.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Why don't I start and if James has anything to add? I basically say that from -- if we think about the Investment Banking pipeline, the pipeline itself isn't what's changed. What's changed is that movement from the pipeline to realized. And when we think about what will cause that, that policy pivot, a peak in inflation, something that allows the CEOs that are actually having those conversations in boardrooms to have more confidence both with their own economic outlook and -- or excuse me, our own company outlook, the economic outlook that hinges on and then also just price clarity valuation certainty. Those are the things that as you think through it, we would expect to see move from the pipeline stage into the realized and announced stage. So the macro environment that you laid out where there is more clarity on the economy and then also a reduction in volatility should help that move forward.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So, let's take a step back and just say, why did we outperform in the fourth quarter, Brennan? And if you think about that, we obviously -- when we look at the liability side, we outperformed there, and we performed on the asset side. So if we unpack a little bit of the liability side, I take it into two pieces. As you highlighted, it's obviously about the deposit mix and also about pricing. So what we've seen in the deposit mix is that we have seen a moderation in the pace of outflows of those BDPs. Obviously, what -- where we will go from here, we'll need that to play out. But that is something that we take out into account when we think about the first quarter guidance. The second point is, obviously, on the actual liability pricing, we did see an outperformance of that pricing. And when we exit the first quarter, we take that in -- exit, excuse me, the fourth quarter and take that into the first quarter, that's a benefit as well. So, the Fed hiking 125 basis points over the fourth quarter and then being able to have disciplined pricing over the fourth quarter will serve us well in the first.
Sharon Yeshaya: No. Actually and what you highlighted is broadly correct in terms of where you see the broader exposure, the underlying exposure of those different channels. So, it's just a function of the assets that you actually see as well as the mix of the underlying assets based on the channel.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'm just going to take them -- I'll take them in order. The first is, as you asked about loan growth. The NII guidance in the first quarter is not dependent on the loan growth projections. Obviously, the loan growth itself will be a function of the environment. As I said, from an SBL perspective, we have seen some pay downs and it will be dependent on market conditions. Now, the second quarter -- the second question that you asked me around the deposits and the deposit growth, obviously, there are -- there could be a portion of it that does come from, as you mentioned, different inputs that you might see, be that interest, et cetera, in the end of the fourth quarter. But broadly speaking, what we've seen with the deposit base is that we have many channels, i.e. savings, for example, where we can begin to get those deposits and attract new deposits to the institution and to the bank from other sources, external assets held away that come in. And also, as you think about every piece of NNA that comes in over time, the $1 trillion that James mentioned, there's generally a portion of that, that's actually held from a cash perspective. And so that, I think, also needs to be taken account when thinking about the build as you go forward from the deposit, a longer-term deposit perspective.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I would look at it more holistically from an institutional perspective. And so when I think about what does it mean? We entered -- I remember doing an investor conference in February of last year. And we talked a lot about what is normal and is 2019 normal. And our answer then was we would expect to actually normalize somewhere between 2019 and 2020 from an industry wallet perspective. In fact, it looks as though the industry wallet has just been right around that range within those two bonds. And when we look ahead, we would expect to remain above that 2019 level, and we'll have to see what the upside is. But a lot of that growth in Sales & Trading has come from the divergent central bank policies and has also come from the fact that you have higher yields, right? So when you think about investing in the fixed income product, and you go into that going forward, that could create different dynamics than we would have seen over the earlier 2010 through 2019 or '17 outlook for Sales & Trading.
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely, as James highlighted in his prepared remarks, the intention is to generally be in a position where we're able to offer the right type of advice and content and wealth advice over the course in time when we go into the workplace. And so when we think about the retention of assets or we think about the companion account rollout, eventually, what that's really doing is to make sure that we've provided content. We look at content, as I've said before, as a passport into the employees. And you think about that as financial wellness. Something that Jed highlighted in his presentation in the spring is, generally speaking, when you see $1 of vested assets that come into the institution through the stock plan business, we actually see approximately $9 compared to that $1 that come from assets held away. That's the consolidation of assets once you have this advice-based channel and the advice-based relationship. And so, what we're trying to do is build on that. We have an FA referral process. We continue to use technology to help match the right individuals with the right FAs. We have better relationship management within E*TRADE and making sure that larger accounts are also connected appropriately to the right teams. These are all ways to build the right advice for the right clients to provide them choice and give them a reason to bring assets held away into the institution.
Sharon Yeshaya: I mean, we're always, as I said in my prepared remarks, looking at efficiency opportunities where there might exist. We just, as you highlight through the severance, we just had a December employee action. So, we obviously walk in with a different level of comfort as we kind of think about the expense base going forward. But as we've done with our own resources from a capital perspective, we'll remain nimble and prudent, and look forward if and as the economic environment changes.
Sharon Yeshaya: So you have different disclosures as it relates to various loans and lending that we give. As we think about that line, it's inclusive of losses across the loan portfolio. And it was also worth highlighting there that we also mentioned the interest that you receive on the loans that we hold as well as the fees associated with those loans.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure, absolutely. The long term, obviously, what we saw over the course of this year was some movements in equities. That was the most notable. That obviously had to do with some of the higher growth specific -- the specific funds that we have there. But I think you have to really think about those long terms from a long-term basis, right? So you're just focusing on this year, but there were many, many years of very strong flows into that business. What's important is actually the diversification that we had because of Eaton Vance, where we have other products that we're able to offset some of the long -- some of the outflows in, say, the equity product, for example. So parametric is one where we continue to see inflows throughout even the course of this year. We're really focused on the secular growth trends, sustainability, alternatives and customization more broadly. Those are the things that we think as we move forward, we'll be positive for those line items.
