Thomas Faust: Yes, so there were a couple of things that occurred in the quarter that adversely affected the flows. One, relating to a changing view on where short-term interest rates might be going. Second, relating to where it looked like the economy might be going is the potential there for credit losses in full investment grade assets like floating rate loans. And the third was, yearend tax law [ph] selling. And as we look at the outlook from here, we’re not in a position where we’re going to see yearend tax law selling at least not anytime soon. From our read of the economy, there is not a substantial chance of a recession or a dramatic weakness occurring over the next few quarters anyway for what’s visible.  In terms of where rates are going, I think we’re in a position where investors could see long term rates frankly move either way and also where there is some potential albeit diminished for continuing upward movement in short term rates. What people need to understand about bank loans is that you don’t need increases in short term rates for this to be a favorable investment. If you can look at yields on the funds today based on where rates are today and the potential for recovery overtime of some of the old ground that was lost on valuations in the December declines, we think we’re positioned for high single-digit type annualized returns in the asset class even in the absence of upward movement in short term rates which we believe many investors will find attractive.
Thomas Faust: Yes. So, let me just -- I'll start with the organic revenue growth. We don't calculate work, it's a fairly involved calculation. So, we don't do a daily updated organic revenue growth this was actually the first time, we've broken it out on a monthly basis into quarter. So, we don't -- I have a sense of exactly where we are in February, but it feels like the tone of the business remains positive. We do see daily flow data, we can approximate what that looks like from an organic revenue growth perspective. So, generally the positive tone of January continues with solid net inflows for the month to date in February. In terms of drivers of -- our declining average fee rate. It's 2 things, it is mix of business that is both across categories and within reporting categories. Generally, we're adding business or adding more business at lower fee rates. And in some cases, we're losing higher fee assets. There was also some, I would say it's a secondary effect, but also there was some re-pricing of existing mandates. Particularly in the first quarter, I highlighted in my comments. The net outflows from our bank on mutual funds and our global macro mutual funds, both of which happened to be among our higher fee strategies.  So, in this particular case, it was really the outflows from those plus the fact that our inflows are in things like custom beta that are lower fees. That really accounts for the continuing movement downward. But we view this as a long-term secular trend and expect to manage our business accordingly.
Thomas Faust: Well, so we manage across parametric. I think it's something on the order of 40,000 individual separate accounts. So it has to be highly automated for that to work, particularly given average fee rates across that business in 20 basis point range. So let's say -- so we're -- we think we're already pretty good at serving customized individual separate accounts investors on an cost effective basis.  We expect over time to get even better to continue investing in technology and improving our operating efficiency to drive down service costs. And those costs are primarily reflective of the number of accounts. So it's -- although our fees tend to be AUM-based or [indiscernible] O-AUM base, our cost in that business are primarily account based.  So the margin is sensitive to average account size and also to our costs per account. And we very much focus on trying to drive those down as much as possible because we expect and we hope that as our business grows, we will expand the range of assets and investors that we serve. That will likely have the effect of driving down average account sizes.  So we need to drive up our operating efficiency so that we can drive down our per unit operating costs, so that we can maintain profitability levels as we bring down average account sizes.
Thomas Faust: No. There were no material individual repricings during the quarter, certainly nothing to call out. I was just commenting on the general trend in our business that fees are moving lower. Sometimes that's in response to agreements with individual clients, or intermediaries or fund trustees, but frankly more often it's driven by competitive forces where our sales teams or marketing organization generally recommends that we lower prices in a particular asset class because we think that will make our strategies more saleable.
Thomas Faust: Yes, Brian in both of those categories, it would certainly be overwhelmingly mix shift. I can't promise that it's going to reverse in future quarters. If you look at the alternatives category, the Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund, which has embedded leverage in it, and therefore has a higher return potential commends a higher fee. We saw an increase in the average fee rate within that category a year ago or over the early quarters of fiscal 2018 as the global macro advantage version grew relative to the category as a whole.  With the outflows from the global macro strategies including global macro advantage in the fourth quarter that reversed. Within equities, I would say the primary driver, there has been new business gained at relatively low fee rates. That includes a large investment council client, that includes our parametric defensive equity mandates which are at lower than average equity fee rates.  Also, some of the inflows at Calvert are in index-based strategies, including their largest index-based bond, which is at 19 basis point expense ratio for the institutional share class. So it's really very much in those two cases in particular, very much driven by mix shift for.
Thomas Faust: Yes, thanks, Laurie. To go on the other direction parametric emerging markets where we had I think about $700 million of net outflows in the quarter, is an above average fee rate. So it's gaining assets in lower fee strategies and losing assets in higher fee strategies. Unfortunately that's the way of the world these days in asset management. 
Thomas Faust: Sure. So the clear hedges one of now a series of half dozen or so exempted applications before the SEC, relating primarily to the ability to offer ETFs that don't disclose their full holdings on a current daily basis. Most of those the proposition is that the fund will disclose on a daily basis using different technology, but different terminology. But I'll call them a reference portfolio that was something that looks like smells like behaves like the fund's actual portfolio but does not include all the current holdings where the delta is designed to preserve the confidentiality of current trading.  The concern has been that a proxy portfolio, I'll call it, while on clear days may perform adequately particularly in asset classes like U.S. equities that in harder asset classes like international securities or less liquid securities, or across all asset classes during periods of significant market volatility, that, that won't be good enough. And that the reference portfolio and the actual portfolio will be subject to what's called basis risk, which market makers will deal with in a very clear way, which is during those times, and for those types of funds they'll deal with, by widening their bid-ask spreads and causing investor trading costs to go up.  Our proposed approach called Clear Edge builds on that approach by not only disclosing a reference portfolio, but also by incorporating a swap facility whereby a market maker or other arbitrage --could enter into transactions with the fund to an effect lay off the relative performance risk between the known hedge portfolio, and the unknown underlying portfolio, so providing a much more reliable basis for ensuring that the funds can be arbitrage effectively across all market environments and across all fund asset classes.  As mentioned in my comments, we were issued a patent on this approach back in October. And it's on that basis that we're looking to not only get approval for these application, but also potentially to license that technology across the fund business.  We don't claim to be unbiased but we certainly think that we're all that to the other applications our proposed approach up stacks up very well, in terms of broad applicability and the most assured level of strong secondary market trading performance.  In terms of the impact of this on NextShares, we continue to support our NextShares initiatives. We still face the issue that we have very limited distribution access. As we’ve talked about in previous quarters one of the biggest challenges perhaps the biggest challenge with NextShares has been the competition against the idea that the SEC is about to approve something else that is an ETS, not something like next year’s exchange trader managed fund that requires more of an education process to the advisor and to the underlying and investor as to what this is. What the clear hedge method exemptive application does for us is essentially puts us with a significant leg in both camps, that is if the SEC were to act to approve some or all of these exemptive applications for ETS that don’t disclose their holdings on a daily basis we think we have an idea that stacks up very-well against the competition, and we hope that would translate into approval for our idea and potentially broad market application. If things go the other way and the SEC somehow puts a nail on the coffin on the idea that these things will become approved, that opens up we believe a much greater opportunity to introduce NextShares across the broader range of distribution. As it stands now the NextShares effort is largely on hold in terms of adding new distribution relationships, pending what many perceive as maybe a near term resolution of this issue at the SEC.  Many people are saying we don’t know if this is true or not, that 2019 will decide one way or another whether some of these or all of these concepts get approved. 
Thomas Faust: And we don’t expect the same kind of cost to be incurred in connection with launching Clear Edge if we’re so lucky to have that opportunity. Our expenses for next years if you look back on it were principally related to training of advisors educating the market and developing technology at the broker-dealer level to accommodate the special way in which NextShares trade.  ETFs involving the Clear Edge method will still be ETFs and will trade in exactly the same way as other ETS and don’t require significant investor education.
Thomas Faust: Yes thanks so just check off you hit most of our list strategic priorities for the year, so building out our specialty solutions for high net worth investors led by the custom beta offerings, responsible investing and when you did mentioned but which I’ll just highlight is floating rate and short duration strategies building on our historical basis of market leader and [indiscernible] to encompass a broader range of short, ultra-short duration strategies. Some of them connected to Calvert some not, some primarily fund vehicles some offered a separate account but broadening our portfolio of businesses relating to short duration floating rate type assets. The fourth priority and the one you’re asking about specifically is growing our business internationally. We seem to be in a holding pattern with about 95% of our assets managed for clients in the U.S. and that’s [indiscernible] of trying to grow our business outside of the United States. You mentioned an effort that we undertook about 3.5 years ago to put in place an equity investment team in London that team continues to operate there.  We are at a point where our lead strategies managed by that team recently gained three year track records and in some cases those were quite attractive three year track records. Particularly in small cap global and international equities, we see an opportunity to gain significant business in 2019, driven by the strength of that three year track record, the reputation of the team that precedes their coming to Eaton Vance.  And also just the fact that small cap is an area of the market where good managers tend to talk with capacity. And so there tends to be more demand for let's call it new managers. And also there's maybe a broader belief that active managers can add value in small cap then in the larger cap asset classes. So I would point to first what we hope will be expanding business in small cap there.  Another angle that we're pursuing to growing our international business relates to Calvert and specifically to the integration of Calvert source ESG Research into our menu of internationally offered, both equity and income strategies, particularly in Europe having a demonstrated integration of responsible investing criteria into your research process is a must have not a want to have, and having Calvert is part of Eaton Vance.  And the work we've done over the last couple of years to integrate their research into our investment offerings -- and when I say our I mean things branded Eaton Vance management as well as things branded Calvert, we hope will begin to pay dividends in the market in 2019. Very strong demand in the market for responsibly invested solutions, very strong respect in the market for what Calvert stands for in that market and the capabilities of its research team, the challenge and the opportunity for us to marry those two things, and to bring out a range of strategies that incorporate that research inside Eaton Vance managed equity and income strategies, particularly focused on the European market.
Thomas Faust: Yes, we certainly subscribed to the view that the industry needs to consolidate and is likely ripe for consolidation. There have been some challenges to that, in that the rising equity markets of let's say 2017, 2016, 2017 covered a lot of sense for companies that while they were experiencing organic declines in their business, we're seeing top line growth driven by rising prices.  With the declines in the market last year, particularly the acceleration of those in the fourth quarter. I think more companies are aware of the fact that on the active side and unless you have scale also in the passive side, this is a pretty tough business and that there can be significant advantages by combining to gain market strength and potentially also to realize some cost synergies.  We have not done what we would consider consolidation type acquisitions. For the right kind of target we would certainly be interested, they would have -- they would have to be a cultural complementarity, there would have to be clear potential to save costs. But probably most importantly, we would have to have a clear path to understanding that revenues were going to be sustained post transaction.  Always in these things that the risk is that you lose more in revenues then you save in costs. But we're looking at this, Laurie and I spent a fair bit of time chasing down different potential opportunities in most cases we proved to be to price sensitive to be the cases, we proved to be to price sensitive, to be the winners that things come to an auction, where it's outside of an auction situation where people are more focused on the past, supportive owner and supportive investment culture, we tend to do pretty well in those conversations.  Objectives that we have in considering acquisitions, I'd say, first and foremost, adding to the value of our firm. That's number one. So that's a function of -- if we buy something, what does that do potentially for earnings and what does that do potentially to the multiple that the market applies to those earnings recognizing that, if we were to merge with a lower growth company. We might get back more in multiple then we gain in terms of earnings accretion.  If you go down a bit and say, well, what strategic objectives would we like to perhaps advance by growing inorganically. Certainly making our business more global would be one objective. There are certain asset classes that perhaps we would be interested in growing. We don't have a fundamental emerging market equity capability within our company, at least not of size. We have been interested in expanding and leverage credit perhaps into private markets. That's probably covers the landscape. We're interested in growing the Parametric business, if there are complementary businesses that perhaps, we can acquire, that fit in with their systematic rules based approach to investing that would perhaps either add scale or add complementary features or perhaps help us gain new geographies. But we kick the tires on a fair bit of things and so far haven't come up -- haven't emerged victorious in anything since the Calvert transaction two years ago.
Thomas Faust: Okay. Very good. I think we're out of time for today. So at this point, I want to thank everybody for your participation. And we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Laurie Hylton: Yes, the most significant impact of the new accounting pronouncement related to the reclassification of fund subsidies so previously under the old accounting guidance, we recorded fund subsidies as a component of fund expenses and under the new guidance we need to actually bring that up to the top line and actually report that as a contour revenue amount against the management fees. So, you’ll see that we adopted the new account pronouncement using a full retrospective application so the numbers you’re seeing are full apples-to-apples comparison going back for all periods presented. But just to kind of give you the numbers that really kind of moving the numbers around a little bit on the revenue side.  The subsidies that we moved from expense up to a control management fee representation where a total for the quarter were $9.2 million for the previous quarter so Q4 of 2018 were $8.7 million and then for the first quarter of 2018 more felt $5.7 million so those are the numbers that are now being netted against management fees and are affecting not only the obviously the absolute dollar amount of management fees presented but also impacting our affective fee rates and then all the calculations. So again, we did the full retrospective application all prior periods had been changed to reflect those that movement including our effective fee calculation by mandate category.
Laurie Hylton: Yes. At the end of the day and just be clear, operating income didn't change at all, this is all just movement around categories. But on the distribution side, there was a modest required between distribution expense and distribution income. And by quarter, it was somewhere in the neighborhood of $3.5 million to $4.5 million.  So that was far less impactful, because obviously one of the biggest drivers of the business right now is looking at our effective fee rates in terms of our management fees. So that had far less impact, but it muted the impact on margin of the management fee change.
Laurie Hylton: Yes, I think we're still continuing to invest. So, I wouldn't make any assumptions about our longer-term investments on the technology side. I think that we've got, and Tom identified in his comments earlier. We're continuing to invest both in Calvert and also on our platforming around separate accounts and will be thinking more about that as the year progresses. From a comp perspective,  I think that the comp range is reasonable. I think that obviously in periods like we saw this quarter, where you had a significant downturn -- down take in the management fees, the mix between variable and fix is going to shift a little bit. But we would not anticipate seeing anything significantly changed in terms of our overall comp ratios.
Laurie Hylton: That's a -- that's pretty broad question. I think that we're very mindful as Tom mentioned, that when we start entering and continue to scale the separate account business, that the margin profile is a little bit different, because it is far less about the variable costs as it is about that sort of fixed cost base that you have to deal with, because it really is an account driven business.  So I think we're really being very thoughtful about that business right now. Because we do recognize that going forward, if we want to scale way beyond the roughly 80,000 separate accounts across the complex that we're currently managing. And we certainly have every intent and desire to do so. We're going to have to make some investments to ensure that we can remain as efficient as possible and ensure that our platforms are scalable as possible. So I would anticipate that we will see incremental investment there, I don't think we have anything that we're quantifying at this point, but we will be making incremental investment. But to that end, if we're able to make those investments, we would hope that we would become on an account-by-account basis, effectively more -- will be able to leverage the business in a more efficient way.  So we continue to think that both sides of the business sort of, our traditional active, as well as the direct indexing and other separate account parts of our business are equally attractive to us and are certainly capable of generating significant operating leverage. But we need to be really thoughtful as we continue to grow these businesses going forward.
