James P. Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be able to talk to you about our performance in these turbulent markets. Our businesses demonstrated resilience with strength across a number of our institutional areas, complemented by stability among retail investors and ongoing performance in MSSB. I'm also happy that we will be finally able to address some of the concerns and misinformation that have weighed on the stock of late. While it was tempting to address some of the issues as they arose, frankly, our view is that addressing every rumor is counterproductive. When Ruth walks you through the numbers, it should be apparent that the biggest challenge we face of late is subdued client activity. In fact, overall, we were modestly profitable in the quarter. Our firm and our system have derisked, both strategically and financially, which provides the type of stability needed in all times but particularly in challenging markets. Clearly, we're in a very dynamic environment and our journey is not done. But the U.S. financial system in general and Morgan Stanley in particular has made far more progress than it is being given credit. On the topic of the financial system, a few quick words. The regulatory landscape continues to evolve. We're managing our business with an eye towards Basel III and the SIFI buffer. We're already above the 7% Basel III base requirement for Tier 1 common and are confident about our ability to reach required levels in the appropriate time horizon. On the liquidity front, while we are significantly above proposed LCR ratios, we believe the regulators are doing the right thing for the system and the economy by taking another look at the calibration for those requirements. In regards to Volcker, it's far too early to determine the impact on our business model and the industry. We understand the regulators are trying to strike the right balance of preventing prop trading by depositor institutions, but at the same time allowing for market making in liquid markets. As we have repeatedly said, we have, over the past 3 years, taken the steps Volcker was designed to address. We have shut down our pure prop trading desk, we've spun our front point, we have announced plans to spin off PDT and we have meaningfully reduced the capital levels we intend to invest in support of the merchant bank. It is critical that the Volcker Rule does not restrict activities necessary for market making in liquid markets. We and the rest of the industry have an opportunity now to weigh in on these issues during the upcoming comment period. Let's turn to the environment. Market conditions are challenging. We're constantly reassessing whether we are experiencing something that is secular or cyclical and under what conditions we would act to shrink or change businesses, product lines, our overall balance sheet and our level of risk-weighted assets. I want to be very clear about something. We will continue to make whatever decisions are necessary if we indeed determine we are experiencing a secular change. We're not myopically focused on SIs, only on the returns we generate for shareholders. We will optimize our business mix and our balance sheet to generate returns that you should expect from us. We're all very focused on expenses. Ruth will walk you through an update of our cost-cutting program, and I want to briefly address compensation as it's clearly an important lever to drive returns. We will be balanced and remain focused on protecting our important franchises and paying those employees who are delivering differential value. At the same time, we're fully cognizant of the challenging environment and the need to deliver acceptable returns for our shareholders. That is the balance we intend to find at year end. If you take away one thought from my comments today, it should be this. We will make the necessary business decisions that need to be made to ensure that all the changes that have taken place at Morgan Stanley since the financial crisis, including reduced leverage, the shift in our business mix towards more stable revenue streams, the MUFG conversion and strategic alliance, the more than doubled liquidity and the elimination or spin off of our prop trading businesses, among others, all of these deliver the long-term shareholder value and performance investors expect. We're delighted with our ongoing partnership with MUFG and I particularly want to thank them for their support in the past period. We look forward to many opportunities to strengthen our relationship in the months, years and decades to come. Finally, it would be remiss of me not to acknowledge the incredible hard work and resilience of our employees, the steadfastness of our clients during this particularly challenging 6 weeks. Thank you. And now let me turn it over to Ruth.
James P. Gorman: Guy, it's James. The strategic intent is pretty clear. We want to intend to own this business. But timing of executing on that is flexible. And we built in that flexibility when we negotiated the initial deal with Citigroup. Whereas you may recall, it's in 3 stages beginning in May of 2012. And it is an open-ended call option where we have the right at that point to exercise the first, next May, first 14% but not the obligation to do it at that point in time. We're obviously aware of where the stock is trading right now. It certainly feels a little better than it did 2 weeks ago, but it's not where we think it should be. And it's something that we'll take into consideration. But May is a long way off, and we've got to be careful not to mix long-term strategy with short-term tactical optimization.
James P. Gorman: I think you've got to play this out over time. I think we've managed -- Kenny and the team have managed the exposure much more aggressively over the last 12 months. And I think the results show that. We had a positive return in the first half of the year. We had a deficit in the last quarter. But we've got to manage this over time. There's a lot of complexity around the exposure, and it's not something that we are chomping at the bit to have results tomorrow.
James P. Gorman: What stood out to me was that a simple proposition of ensuring that depositor institutions don't take on aggressive proprietary trading was converted into 290 pages with an additional 394 comments, questions asking for commentary, some of which have multiple parts to them. I'm not criticizing the regulators, this is very a complex thing they're trying to find and fortunately they've opened up a healthy, I think, it's 5 to 6 months for the industry to weigh in with directive and providing a list of all of the questions that they felt needed addressed. Everybody, maybe not everybody, I think most sensible people are trying to get to a sensible outcome, which is to protect deposits from the kind of natural crisis we had, but not lose any of the robust liquidity strength of the global capital markets. So we've got 6 months to work on it and work on it we will.
James P. Gorman: I think it's a reflection of this is a very complex set of changes that potentially going through, and they want to be very careful to make sure they get real input from all the market participants to make sure we don't somehow mess this up.
Guy Moszkowski: I had a question for you about debt repurchases that I think you did during the quarter, maybe you can give us a sense for amounts, timing, how you think about that repurchase activity as part of your kind of long-term capital management plans. Then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's fair. Maybe you can -- I don't know if you've got the numbers that you'll use in the Q for the monoline CBA in terms of the gross counterparty exposure, the CBA adjustments and the counterparty hedges there. If you have those at this point, they would be useful.
Guy Moszkowski: And let me ask a capital management question finally, that kind of ties in with MSSB as well. Obviously, you have approval from the Fed to purchase Citi's remaining stake in the JV.  And your current capital ratios are all certainly very strong in all the relevant measures, but your stock is so cheap. I just wonder what's your strategic attachment to moving forward with the MSSB timetable for repurchase relative to using some of your excess capital and liquidity just buying the shares here.
Ruth Porat: So as I noted, the amount, we did buy debt throughout the quarter. In particular, as spreads widened, we bought debt towards the end of the quarter. We thought it was a profitable, smart move to make. Just for your reference, the debt buyback is reflected in the other revenues line, just so you know where to find it. And I think our view is, again, it's about prudently managing the liquidity portfolio. So we were early focused on those maturities that, in particular, are caught in that 12-month period of time, but as spreads widened it's just a wise prudent move to make, not just continuing to act appropriately as a market maker but the right answer for our shareholders. And so I think we'll continue to monitor it and do what's in the best interest depending on where the market is.
Ruth Porat: Well, 2 parts to your question. One, we do buyback structured notes. That's reflected in the overall debt repurchase number that I gave you. And with respect to hedging, we don't hedge DVA, the noncash item, and we don't hedge to manage an accounting result. Our view is it's not worth the expense and we really run the business based on economics. But we do, as a regular matter, buy some of it back throughout the year.
Ruth Porat: So the monoline number is $284 million. I think I gave that. And that obviously, CBA is included in monolines, but there's more in that number as well.
Ruth Porat: We are pleased with the progress on the integration, having completed the platform, moved to Morgan Stanley FAs onto the platform and the success we have with it and benefits has been another way. We're able to move the Smith Barney FAs on to that platform earlier next year than we have previously anticipated, which is helpful. Part of the margin benefit this quarter, as I noted, came from the lower FDIC fee than we had previously expected coming from the Citi side. But very much to your question, Greg Fleming is very focused on expense -- disciplined expense management. And that is a core part of what he's continuing to focus on with the team. It's reflected in a number of different ways, but one example that I gave was the reduction in FAs. And what he's focused on is reducing the lower-productivity FAs, and that brings with it some incremental cost savings as well. So yes, the core part is expense discipline.
Ruth Porat: When CDS in particular widened, it's clearly frustrating when we look at what we were seeing in the number of liquidity, the exposures. What it did result in is a lot of what I think it's fair to characterize as very productive conversations with clients. We're able to talk about the changes we made that James really opened with the business mix, the approach to liquidity, funding, capital. How we fund the firm, fundamentally different than it was years ago. And that was, I think, quite productive. I made comments with respect to how we think about funding the business. Our view is that we've seen a bit of moderation here in spreads. And hopefully, with the incremental information, that will be helpful as well. But we're certainly thinking about all options and have a lot of flexibility.
Ruth Porat: Well, the simple answer is we didn't see any meaningful changes. In the third quarter, as I noted, PB was one of the better performing businesses in equities, that we did see an increase in the number of clients. And as we moved into the fourth quarter, we had some balances move out. We had some move in. Where they were moved, they were more likely partial than more than that, and the business remains very strong. It really did benefit from the changes over the last several years, the focus on relationship management, the focus on really working with clients across the platform, this topic of benefiting from adjacencies and institutional equities. So we really didn't see a meaningful change. A lot more conversations but not substance change.
Ruth Porat: Well, the reason I gave the roll forward is I think one of the critical elements in sizing a liquidity reserve is whether the likely outflows in a stressed environment -- one of the clear outflows that we can measure is what are upcoming maturities over the next 12 months. And the fact that maturities are coming down indicates that with the current liquidity reserve, if you roll forward to the first quarter and your outflows from that point on are $10 billion lower, you have flexibility within your liquidity pool. So we ended the quarter at $180 billion. We're sitting there today at $180 billion. That gives us a very nice liquidity pool going into the fourth quarter, in particular as our near-term outflows are declining because we're really knocking off the maturities as we go through the balance of -- because we have reserve for all of 2012 at this point. So that's probably one of the most important ways to think about how do you size liquidity reserve. I think as it relates to WAM, long-term debt WAM, it's generally in the same area. And we're trying to manage what we think is a prudent level. And as I've said also, when we look at what we're doing in the secured book, I think we were early and quite aggressive and thoughtful in pushing out WAM in the secured book and have continued to have that extension of WAM serving as well with the durability you've seen in liquidity.
Ruth Porat: So we did see greater stirrings coming into the latter half of September. I think the strong areas I've highlighted, rates in particular, performed very well. And I would say commodities was strong in particular as we went through the balance of September, and up nicely, granted off of a weak second quarter, but a strong performance. The tough area continues to be credit. Although I think there was some moderation there as well.
Ruth Porat: We haven't broken that out separately. But the way to think about is in 2011 we're not indicating any savings. And the reason is we're really investing or spending what we need to do in order to make some of the moves, in particular in technology and location sourcing that will then yield benefit 3 years out.
Ruth Porat: Definitely not because of guarantees. Year-to-date -- just let me break it down. First of all, obviously the firm compensation ratio is affected by the compensation ratio in MSSB, which is as you know, formulaic running at 60% plus. And so that's one important differentiation from other firms. Within ISG, excluding DVA, it was at 51% this quarter. That brings us to about 46% year-to-date. And what we're continuing to be focused on is ensuring that we can appropriately compensate those that are delivering returns for the franchise while balancing with what we need to do to deliver returns for shareholders. So it's a balancing act but I did want to at least catch you up on the year-to-date 46%, give you a sense that the third quarter had a bit of a catch up in it.
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So the performance was off of a record second quarter. There are, I think, probably 2 items to highlight. One is that a lot of the activity this quarter went through the electronic trading platform, or MSET electronic trading platform, which is a terrific asset but it tends to be lower margin revenue than broadly in our cash equities business. So that's one driver to where is that revenue coming from. The second, as I noted, is that the second quarter tends to be seasonally strong in Europe on an annual basis. And so we were -- we knew that coming off of the second quarter, we had that strength in the second quarter that wasn't going to flow through to the third quarter. That was well offset in certain regards with the strength in derivatives and cash equities and PB. But it did create -- it explains some of the difference.
Ruth Porat: So the net counterparty exposure line, as I indicated, captures a number of different things like repo transactions. So it's really running a matchbook, and so we haven't broken that out.
Ruth Porat: So overall, the -- if you follow with IR, I think we have all the breakdown of the various categories, which I don't have in front of me. I think the main point, VAR did come down because we saw starting mid-June client activity really coming down. And I think this line item, which I found helpful hopefully, is for you to break out credit portfolio VAR, just focus on where we're making risk decisions today, really punctuates the point about the extent to which risk is lower this quarter than it has been actually in quite some time.
Ruth Porat: Right. And that, I think that really goes to it's very much of a flow business and so you don't see as much VAR utilized there.
Ruth Porat: On debt repurchases there's a window when you're blocked out, so we bought not all the way through the quarter because there was a bit of a block out again.
Glenn Schorr: So you've spoken loud and clear on liquidity rising, PB actually not affected, the number of clients actually went up. Just curious, finishing off on the hoopla on the quarter, were there many novations away in the quarter? It sounds like you defended the fort great, just figured I'd ask.
Glenn Schorr: On the liquidity front, and we have some upcoming debt maturities, but obviously you have lots of liquidity to handle that. What's the right -- how do you strike the balance? What's the right long-term average maturity or duration of the debt outstanding? It's come down over the last couple of years to about 5 years and I didn't know how you strike the balance. Maybe that's in response to the balance sheet coming down.
Glenn Schorr: In FFIEC, if you add in all your comments on both DVA from both quarters and the MBIA gain and loss, it looks like FFIEC was only down about 4% quarter on quarter, just want to see if I did the math right. And then just curious on what got better since Barclays because something clearly got better.
