Ruth Porat: Well a couple of points, given there was an acquisition, there is goodwill associated with it. So the return on tangible equity in the business is about 30% today. And we do see the profitability, the profit margin and the returns on that business increasing. So up nicely year-over-year increased versus the last quarter and really reflects the ongoing strength on the revenue line, the benefit as the cost moves that we’ve made on expense line. I did call out that there were some higher expenses this quarter, but fundamentally the benefit on the expense line. And we do see longer term upside as we continue to execute on the lending products. So again upside from lending. We revised our target to 20%-22% by the end of 2015. And again to be clear, that was with no assumption about higher equity market levels or rate changes and we expect that we would be above 23% with the benefits of market and rates. The other thing I would note is that this quarter we did take the charge associated with buying in the balance of the wealth management business. That's $152 million charge, so the return on equity excluding that 10%, but again I would focus you to the return on tangible equity given the acquisition.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So let me start with the leverage ratios. I indicated we estimate we are spot at about 4.2% this quarter and as I said we expect to be above 15% in 2015. We do see opportunities with both the numerator and the denominator, and most important they are very consistent with the strategy against which we have been executing. So starting with the denominator where we see a big opportunity, there are a couple of things to note. First, with our focus on reducing risk-weighted assets in fixed income, this is not model approval but passive and active mitigation and as a result we are taking balance sheet down because there is a relationship between risk-weighted assets and gross balance sheet. So that’s the first point. And as we repeatedly said, we are taking risk-weighted assets down in areas that are not accretive to revenues. So we don’t see that as impacting the business. The second is our focus on central clearing. We have talked about that on many calls. We have invested meaningfully in central clearing. We are well positioned to increase the volume of our derivatives through central clearing and back-loading old trades leads to an elimination of the gross up in the denominator. We are obviously accreting capital which benefits the numerator. So when you incorporate those items, 500 million share repurchase we talked about and then assumption that we do continue to return capital on the future, that takes us to this glide path to above 5% in 2015. Now to be clear, on top of those items we do believe there are additional opportunities to reduce the denominator but it's too early to quantify. A couple of examples. With banks on both sides of the Atlantic focused on reducing balance sheet, we believe there could be lower derivatives notionals by compressing offsetting trades between clients and counterparties for non-clearable derivatives. A second opportunity is more upside in central clearing. In our calculation, we only incorporated our expectation for the amount to be cleared in the next 12 months. We didn't go beyond one year. This is an important area and so we do see, again, upside in the reduction in the denominator from the amount that's centrally cleared. And then finally, consistent with all that we have been doing to optimize capital, business unit leaders have the analytics to optimize the returns, we have talked about this in the past. We charge them for the capital balance sheet and liquidity needed to support their business. And when you look at the way we are organized with our bank resource management effort, we've talked about that in the past, BRM. It's a centralized resource governance structure. We are well positioned to make appropriate resource allocation adjustments. So we do feel good about the strength of our capital base. We have baked in returning more capital into that calculation and I would note that we are already above 6% at the bank.
Ruth Porat: So, just to break it down, in the 2013 CCAR, the only request we put in, as we've talked about on prior calls, was for the wealth management acquisitions given how strategically important that is. And there is a provision though within CCAR, once you have capital approval you can apply for an additional 1% of tier 1 capital for capital action. So upon closing it, I think this is where you are going, but just to make sure I’m very clear on it, as we went to the final closing of the wealth Management acquisition, we put in the request to use this incremental 1% of tier-1 capital for capital actions. We thought it was the logical next step and are pleased to have the approval, no objection and to be commencing the share repurchase. It hasn't yet started. We just got approval for it, so it gives the ability to use it as James said in his opening comments.
Ruth Porat: Let me first clarify what's in the allocation of required capital. So you’re absolutely right, the parent capital number went up. The allocation is based on the final Basel I, Basel 1 plus 2.5 if you want to call it that. And with the reduction in risk weighted assets and fixed income that we require less capital in fixed income, which is why the ISG number went down and the parent number went up, accretion of earnings plus the reduction of capital required in the business. Now the way we are managing the business is with the Basel III lens as we’ve talked about and we will shift this table to Basel III as soon we are -- the industry is reporting on the Basel III basis completely. But fundamentally, what you see here is that we are continuing to accrete capital. That's why we said we believe we are increasing our degrees of flexibility that's reflected in our Basel III tier-1 common ratio and in particular the clarity we think we have with the execution path on the leverage ratio. So directionally, yes, and then the numbers have changed a little as we move to Basel III.
Ruth Porat: Well, it was a tough quarter. We reduced risk in May given our concerns about the potential market volatility within fixed income products. You can see that. When you look at VAR, we ended the quarter with VAR down about 15%. And as I noted risk weighted assets were down, down to $239 billion. In our view it does set us up well going forward to support higher client activity. And we do -- I think that we have upside in quite a number of the products areas. And we’re continuing to benefit from the leadership positions across our franchise given the benefit of adjacencies.
Ruth Porat: Well, you went right to the key point which was the referral fees. That referral fee is set on an annual basis and it's based on rates at the time. It was reset late in the first quarter. So this is the first full quarter of the lower deposit referral fees. It gets reset again next year. And the deposit referral fee, just like the higher FDIC fee as well, both of those roll off as the deposits roll over to Morgan Stanley.
Ruth Porat: So a couple of things. One, we are managing a leverage-based capital -- looking at both leverage-based capital and risk-based capital and a portfolio actually, when you manage those two, results in the highest overall return. Second, on the gross up. In terms of the gross up for the balance sheet, the areas that we're running down are areas entirely consistent, as I said, with the strategy we're executing upon. So back to James' comment that we are not focused on fixed income size for size's sake, we are looking at the returns on the business. And so the run down in risk-weighted assets enables us to focus on the areas that are core to our client franchise where we are continuing to put risk behind clients and the reduction in denominator associated with the move to central clearing. Again, we have repeatedly said on calls that we believe that central clearing is not only good for the market because it increases transparency and standardization, but it does play to Morgan Stanley's strength because it's less about competing on size of the balance sheet and more about content and service and execution. So we were moving in that direction in any event and the opportunity to back load old trades in the central clearing and thereby reduce the denominator, again, consistent with our ability to have a right, a focused, fixed income business that plays to our strength and again benefits from all that we are doing across the franchise.
Ruth Porat: I know as I said, I think what the elegance of the rundown to 2014, if that's the right word to use, is it is consistent with the strategy that we have already articulated and against which we're executing. And our equities franchise is a stellar franchise, continued strength across products and geographies, balanced across the franchise and so again able to continue to execute.
Ruth Porat: We included an assumption but I don't want to prejudge where 2014 CCAR comes out, and given flexibility that we have as I enumerated the various other items to further reduce denominator. We have built in levels of flexibility so that again it will be based on where CCAR is at the end of this year and managing the mix of levers that we have. But I noted it because 500 million is a good first step in terms of a share repurchase and it is a tool that we believe we've built flexibility to use on a go forward basis, but don't want to prejudge 2014 CCAR by putting a number out there.
Ruth Porat: Yeah. So James laid out in January the six point ROE plan and as he said we've already made progress, substantial progress on a number of the items. Completing the Wealth Management acquisition obviously a key step. The earnings this quarter don't have to benefit of that incremental 35% we closed on the last day of the quarter. That starts July 1. The revenue and margin upside, we've delivered, but as we indicated we think there is more upside there. The reduction in risk weighted assets in fixed income, we’re very much on track, if not ahead of track and we do believe that there is upside in that business. We're continuing to execute on the wealth management -- sorry, on the expense ratios. And expenses were a bit higher this quarter as we noted. Litigation was a bit higher and again we're on a good trajectory to have tighter expense ratios as we go through to 2014. We’re executing on our on the bank strategy which again gives us some upside and capital as well. So the ROE this quarter was obviously also depressed by the charge associated with buying in the Wealth Management business. But when you roll those items together, excluding the charge about 6% and then we see upside from the six items that we've consistently taken you back to.
Ruth Porat: Sure. The pipeline does remain healthy. U.S. Activities is strong as I did note. Europe is up, but that's versus a very week prior 12 months. Japan continues to be strong. Emerging markets are mixed. China is slow. Brazil has a big pipeline, but as challenged. We think that's on pause at least for now. But we’re seeing greater opportunity in Asia Pacific. So it's very country specific. I think the intriguing element is this backlog in M&A which has been sitting for quite some time and I’ve said on prior calls we attribute that to CEO confidence. But what we are increasingly hearing is reassessments of timing, in particular as Fed comments are that any moves are data dependent. Where there are signs of improvements in the economy, that isn't inspiring, in conjunction with concern about higher rates and what that means is if there is a delay. So we are hopeful to see that backlog start moving through the execution. The drivers today on activity have been more cross-border as I noted in the sponsor and activist related activity. The equity pipeline is stable. It’s skewed more towards the U.S., Mexico and Japan.
Ruth Porat: So the second quarter was up a 140 relative to the first quarter. It's proven to be an ongoing cost for the industry associated with all the pre-crisis matters. It's proven to be lumpy, tough to forecast. But we called it out in terms of the expense comparison, because at some point the financial crisis is behind the industry and these start to abate. And just to give a sense, first half this year versus first half last year we were up $250 million.
Ruth Porat: The VAR was down in particular on the interest rate and credit line. And that really goes to my comments that we reduced risk in May given concerns about potential market volatility within fixed income products. And I think the team did a good job managing that, but it does set us up well to put to support client activity this quarter going forward. We have capacity there.
Ruth Porat: That's a great question because I indicated that we’re above 6% at the bank now. And the way we are looking at it, it's obviously just come out and it's still in the proposal stage. But if we move derivative to the bank, we get a dollar for dollar benefit because we’re not obviously funding them with unsecured any more, but with deposits. So there is some optimization there. And I think the way we are thinking about it is client preference, efficiency, logic of it, how the market is evolving, we have some capacity in the bank that we have a clear flight path for the holding company. So it's much more about looking at the specific asset classes and assessing it and it's too early to actually answer it more specifically than that.
Ruth Porat: Well, FA headcount is up a bit this quarter. We continue to be very focused on FA productivity which as I noted is at a record high. And kind of in and around this level is logical and again our focus is primarily on FA productivity. So it's not a line in the sand here.
Ruth Porat: No, I think your opening comments actually answered it. NIM is much more a banking book than a trading book concept and so it's much more relevant for the wealth management business and it has been improving nicely and should continue to as we deploy deposits. So really it's less relevant in the trading business.
Ruth Porat: Yeah, we've indicated that it really is -- we focus on the much shorter end. So the first 150 basis points in Fed funds is about $1.1 billion in PBT for the business. To the extent we're seeing rising rates because there is improving economic activity, that's constructive for all of the businesses but the guidance that we provided was really anchored at the short-end.
Ruth Porat: No, our assumption is there is some benefit. There is benefit to it. And trying to quantify it for our call, it's too early, or to estimate (inaudible) capital, too early.
Ruth Porat: We are still fairly short and it's been our philosophy given we have been in the low interest rate environment is to keep duration short, given the inevitable rise in rates would prove to be a financial drag, and I think that was the right thing to do.
Ruth Porat: I was concerned from the team about potential market volatility and just thinking that was it prudent risk management to bring risk down in the business given that concern. And we’re pleased that they did.
Ruth Porat: Well, there’s the provision that you have the opportunity to apply to use 1% of your tier-1 capital, but it's still an approval. And so we're pleased to receive the approval no objection and to be able to proceed.
Ruth Porat: Yes. The big event was obviously category two. The move went well. Clients are ready. We didn't have operational issues. We do think the staggered rollout of clients was constructive between category one and category two. At this point it's premature to judge I think the impact fully on market activity because there were so many other exogenous events. But it went well and we feel we are well positioned.
Ruth Porat: It would have been much higher before we started reducing the fixed income book. And I think the two buckets that I broke out, one, the RWA reduction and the RWAs in fixed income were $390 billion at the peak. They’re down to $239 billion and most of that really is in areas that are relevant to the growth subs, in particular our structure credit, credit correlation business. So yes, we've absolutely benefited from what we’re doing and we continue to be on an execution perhaps to take it down even more, which is what gives us the confidence we can continue to do so. And then similarly, we’ve moved, already moved quite a bit. We were early in central clearing. And so we’re already seeing some benefit in the denominator from the move to central clearing and look forward to continuing to execute on that portion.
Ruth Porat: So, I may give you a somewhat unsatisfactory answer because I'm not going to be able to quantify it by buckets, and the reason is, we've said consistently that we are leading with credit risk management and that it will be a prudent build-out of the portfolio and that is how we are continuing to build it. So, the deposits are going to continue to grow and support growth and lending product both for wealth management and institutional securities. And on the wealth management side, the biggest growth is on the securities based lending and secondarily on residential mortgages. We have 5% penetration of our clients relative to our peers who have 10%. So, our view is that there is tremendous upside. We've got a tailwind there but we're, again, leading with prudent steady growth and that's going to be the continued philosophy around it. And then on the institutional side, that's also how we are going to be utilizing some of the deposits. We do get a funding benefit when we move dollar for dollar funding benefit when we substitute unsecured debt with the more efficient deposits. So, certain product does move to the bank and obviously our relationship or maybe not obviously, our relationship in that lending is in the bank. And then we have an attractive opportunity growing bank appropriate product in the bank. So areas where we already have very strong teams, domain expertise, client base, like commercial real estate lending, asset-based funding, project finance, we can grow the lending suite, an area we hadn't here too far been focused on. So, it is a real diversified portfolio of assets supporting growth on both wealth management and the institutional securities businesses that we'll build over time. And we'll be sharing more about the bank and the bank strategy over time given the growth that we are seeing there.
James Gorman: I think, Guy, that the key first I'd say consistently is to focus on the strategic platform, get Morgan Stanley in the shape that it needs to be in for the next decade and more. And then the financial management through buybacks and other capital actions obviously follow from that. So were very careful to make sure we got the deal done even though it was a modest capital outlay of $400 and some million before started anything on the capital action. And we’ve taken this first step and obviously we’re pleased to do it.
James Gorman: I would just add how there is a little bit of an obsession comparing for size. We don't frankly compare for size. We have a different structure business from a lot of other institutions for very important reasons. We’re not a global commercial bank in the traditional sense. So we’re always going to have smaller foreign exchange and rates businesses. But we focus on our returns. We’ve been through a period where we had to clean up a lot of stuff that we had. We did that going back to MBIA and longer. We had to then build out our flow footprint which we’ve been doing over the last couple of years. And now the business is aligned the way we like it. We’re now working on each of those paths as we laid out at the last analyst call getting to their individual returns. The sum aggregate obviously gives us a decent return for the business. So, we’re much more focused on returns that on size.
James Gorman: I would just point out though, since the last CCAR we have had earnings of 800, round numbers, 800 of [BM2] and 900. So we are obviously accreting reasonably healthy levels of capital quarter-by-quarter.
James Gorman: Mike, I'd just say there is nothing that we have seen in this quarter that changes our view on what we laid out on our ROE projections. We stand by them.
James Gorman: It will bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. Honestly, I wouldn't think about it too much.
James Gorman: Well, as I say, journey of the 1,000 miles begins with a single step and we've had our first step, that's really what mattered. We don't want to get ahead of that obviously. It's what payout ratios are. It's going to be a function of where absolute earnings are and managing against the changing regulatory environment. But what we wanted to do is put ourselves in a position where we could launch a buyback and begin that process which is what we did.
