Robert Lee: Great and good morning everyone. Kathy, I just have on expenses, can you just clarify, I mean you talked about the $0.04 of potential, I don’t know if I’d call it non-recurring. I mean should we think of that as non-recurring or I think you kind of suggested that some of that could be carrying forward. I’m just trying to get a better feel for kind of the run rate of the comp.
Robert Lee: Okay, great, thank. And then Tom, I don’t know – I mean, obviously the portfolio implementation has been very strong. You cited some things with Parametric, but can you maybe update us on if you look across the business, kind of the institutional RFP activity, kind of maybe pipeline, kind of any color around where that stands and maybe drill down a little bit, particularly outside of the Parametric business, the progress you may or may not be seeing.
Robert Lee: Great. And then maybe just one more question or a pair of questions on to our NextShares. First, assuming when you are ready to launch the Europe product, Euro advance NextShares products, do you anticipate that you’ll have some other firms ready to go kind of at right the same time and then what are your current expectations around seed capital and need for those funds. Do you think it’s going to be mainly reallocating existing seed or are we likely to see some increased use of cash or debt. I’m just trying to get a kind of update on your thoughts around that.
Tom Faust: Yes, so institutional just maybe to step back, our key strategies that we offer institutionally, Parametric aside from their service and implementation oriented businesses, their primary strategy that they sell institutionally is emerging market equities. On the Eaton Vance side the primary strategies that we focus on currently include high yield bank loans, certain other flavors of equities, certain other flavors of fixed income in certain markets and also Hexavest as being a primary focus of ours on the equity side. I would say a few of things are not particularly working well at the moment, starting with Parametric emerging market equities. I think you’re probably aware of the challenges that asset class has faced in terms of performance, so it’s just institutions. Sophisticated though they may be, don’t always allocate new assets to underperforming asset classes, which is where emerging market is at the moment, including lots of headlines about China.  We have in that strategy also suffered from a bit of under performance over second half of last year and the first part of this year. That has largely turned around, the key driver of that performance was an underweighting to China. The way that portfolio was built, we systematically underweight large market exposures in the interest of greater diversification and that really hurt us during that time period, but of course as the Chinese market has turned over, that’s now working to our favor. On the Eaton Vance side, high yield is certainly an area where we funded a large institutional mandate during the quarter and where the pipeline and activity level is quite robust. I would say on bank loans we are still in this market environment where we kind of scratch our heads that we had net positive flows for us in normal institutional business, but we had a pretty significant allocation that I highlighted out of a sub advisory account that pulled the overall numbers down.  So long term mix. Our case there that we’re making is that bank loans should be a core asset class and that they have diversification, benefits and returned characteristics that should make them a core holding and we’ve had some success with that, but that’s a long term build. I would say other areas, Hexavest, Hexavest is a top down oriented goal equity manager that has been bearish on the markets generally, that’s been their investment point of view. Bearish has meant that they’ve struggled to keep up with the markets, so last year they did outperform. They are just about equal to the markets currently based on the strong last couple of months as they’ve experienced stronger relative performance, but it’s been hard for them to really build a compelling performance track record, because they hold high cash levels at the moment consistent with their bearish views.  I would say similarly we’re a little out of favor in terms of our multi sector income strategy run by Kathleen Gaffney. Great performance out of the box. She has been aggressive and has underperformed less aggressive managers for most of this year. We’ll see how that resolves itself, but we’re getting close to the point where she has a three year track record, which over the time of her experience here she’s really had in total exceptional performance, though this year is not in particular good.  So to summarize I would say it’s okay. We don’t have a compelling pipeline, but we don’t have a bear pipeline either and we don’t certainly have visibility to significant institutional net outflows. 
Tom Faust: Yes, first on the product introduction, our plan has been and continues to be to launch as part of a consortium of sponsors. We highlighted these companies – they are on our website that have filed. I mentioned them in my remarks, but there are 11 sponsors. I would say eight relatively large fund sponsors included in that group.  We’re putting together what we’re calling a consortium of sponsors. We have an initial meeting of that consortium that’s been scheduled for next month and our goal would be to launch products in conjunction with other companies. Unfortunately we don’t control the timing of what they do, so we don’t have complete control over that, but it’s our understanding that that’s what everyone wants to do and it will come to market together and everyone sees the benefit of doing that. I would say for Envestnet and how they see NextShares fitting into what they are doing, what they want to do, there’s two primary things; one is potentially introducing NextShares funds as a complement to an existing multi manager strategy, so that could be alongside of the mutual funds or with ETFs, but it could be all active, it could be all passive or it could be into a formerly all passive strategy. But we can blend and that doesn’t necessarily require a consortium to be available, but they would also like to offer a range of NextShares only strategies and most likely they would not want that to come from any single advisor. So that needs to be offered in conjunction with a consortium of funds, introducing NextShares. In terms of seed capital, I would say that’s not something that we have a definitive answer to. I think as you know the general primary requirement for seed capital and the mutual fund has been requirements that have been imposed by broker dealers to say if you want to be offered on our platform, you have to have some level of either track record of assets in the strategy. We have not gotten to the point in our discussions with major broker dealers where that’s been fully decided. It’s certainly one of the things that’s important to us, is to make the case that if it’s an existing proven strategy, there shouldn’t be a requirement for that to be worth their attention that it have a certain amount of seed capital. I get for a new strategy that doesn’t have a track record why that same logic would apply, but we would certainly make the case that we shouldn’t need to put $25 million or $50 million into a fund just because that’s an internal requirement. That would be something that we would expect to be part of a negotiation in terms of gaining access for NextShares on our particular dealers platform. From an exchange perspective the requirement is much, much lower than that. I don’t know the specific number; maybe its $1 million or a couple of million dollars, something like that, but the primary broker dealer requirement, we would hope and expect that it wouldn’t be the same as a brand in your mutual fund offering.
Tom Faust: Well, I guess I’ll start by saying some people thought I spent too much time on this topic a couple of weeks ago, so I’m not going to go into a whole lot of detail, but there are a couple of things I would assert.  First, since 2001 when the SEC put out what they call a concept release on actively managed ETFs, the possibility of this, their primary focus has been on how well will these trade? Will they trade at tight bid ask spreads and they are all premium discounts and particularly how they will trade during periods of market stress and volatility.  As I look at the Precidian filing, this version actually moves a step away from that and that it takes away information that would have been provided in the last iteration. So I guess why you could say that they made progress in addressing certain issues. To my thinking they possibly have moved away in the other thing.  I continue to believe and I’m not going to decide this, we’re not going to decide this, the SEC is going to decide this, but it remains my view that all of these various proposals and there are a couple of other ones in addition to the preceding ones, all of them are likely to face an uphill challenge.  The SEC is trying to look for evidence that these things will trade consistently well and it’s hard to see that in the historical record of existing ETF and particularly existing active ETFs and knowing and understanding that these will trade less well, because they provide market markers with less information. I think it’s going to be very hard for the SEC to get comfortable here, but again, I’m not in a position to decide this. This is just one persons opinion.  And the other thing I would say and I think people sometimes lose sight of this, is that the specific Precidian proposal applies only to funds whose holdings consist entirely of two things, U.S. listed securities and cash and if you look that market for actively managed mutual funds today, that’s about 3% of the fund market.  In other words 97% of active mutual funds hold something other than U.S. listed stocks and cash and its possible that they could address a larger market than that over time, but their specific filing as its in and this is the new version as in the old version is just U.S. equity funds and just U.S. equity funds that do not have any holdings outside the United States and any holdings other than cash and that’s a very, very small potential market. So that’s my view and I’m sticking to it, but we don’t get to decide.
Tom Faust: Let me maybe talk about the scale. So scale in terms of spend that is having the team built out, we really expect that to happen probably in the current quarter or certainly by the end of the year. We’ve hired some more people that have not been announced in terms of who they are, although that will be expected shortly. There are a couple of more open positions that we’re likely to fill over time, but this is a major initiative for us. This is a multi-million dollar expense item that we thought was necessary and appropriate to expand our footprint as an equity manager to include a full-fledged robust global equity offering.  Some of those expenses are of an ongoing nature, but some of them also are of a one-time nature and the two leaders of that team were onboarded in the current quarter. So any compensation we paid them of a one-time nature in terms of signing bonuses or the initial recognition of the value of an equity grant, those all hit in the current quarter. On a run rate basis those costs are going to go down.  Now over time we’re going to have some new people that are going to come on, but the way we tried to frame the discussion of this topic is that we think that over coming quarters generally this category is going to go down. It won’t go to zero, we got new people we’re going to be hiring in the next quarter and maybe some more in the quarter after that, but you should expect to see substantially less than $0.04 a share of spending related to this and related topics; and remember the $0.04 was not just this. It was also the closing of Fox Asset Management, which is a business that we’ve been supporting.  We acquired Fox in 2001. They haven’t made money in quite some number of years and this over time, the money we spent to shut down that operation in the current quarter will help our earnings going forward, because they were just as not as an economic scale business. Now you are correct that the business we’re creating in London is not at the moment generating incremental revenues equal to the incremental expenses. Sadly that’s not the way our business works. We do think however that we are in a position to start winning new clients relatively soon. The people that run that team, Chris Dyer and Aiden Farrell are well known in the marketplace. Particularly Aiden is a recognized player in the global small cap world and that’s an area where there has been generally strong demand for active management and also an area where due to capacity constraints on existing established market leaders, often there is an appetite for new managers.  But this is a – I mean I think your right to focus on this. This is an expense item that is not going to go away. The one-time cost will go away, but the cost to support that team. But as we look at it we look at the potential to bring in potentially over time multiple billion dollars of actively managed assets that doesn’t exist today. But we look at the breakeven assets we need to support this team and we see this is a highly probable win for us, not guaranteed but highly probably to be a win for us.  Just looking at putting the pencil to paper in terms of what does it cost to support this team and what would it require in terms of incremental assets raised for this to be a positive. That’s not the only reason we are doing it, but certainly making money is a key objective in terms of that initiative.
Tom Faust: As I understand and I’ve been involved in some dissuasions with them, but not all, implementing new strategies on their models is a relatively straight forward process. I mean many of those models are overseen and built by their own in-house teams, there is a vetting process for that. But we are not talking about bringing out NextShares funds that are normal strategies.  We are talking about bringing out NextShares funds that effectively replicates the investment track record of – replicate the strategy of an existing mutual fund run by the same team, holding the same assets where it is a very small leap to say that if that same strategy can be offered in a lower cost structure and one that has potential tax advantages that they shouldn’t be ready to adopt that.  But is I think consistent with the spirit of what was announced yesterday, that they are not going to take a wait and see attitude for us to see how these things perform. Buying any new strategy involves a bit of a leap of faith, but that leap of faith here I would argue is extremely small and that we are dealing with proven managers, proven strategies with proven track records in a structure that where I think most people would say that the potential benefits in terms of performance, lower costs, etc. are quite clear and doesn’t, wouldn’t be too hard for people to get comfortable with.  So we don’t have specific time commitments that I’m aware of on the part of Envestnet. We don’t have product approved yet, other companies don’t have products approved yet. But everything from my understanding of what they’ve said is that when these products are available that they will look to add them to their portfolios and when that proves to be ultimately will drive the timing of their implementation, that’s my understanding.  In terms of the types of intermediaries that we are talking too, I want to be careful there, because we are in discussion I said a couple of weeks ago, that we don’t want to compromise some discussion that may be sensitive points. I guess I’ll say advisors serving all market categories, we do not see the potential appeal of NextShares as limited to a particular distribution channel. For example, only registered investment advisor, or only independent advisors, or only broker dealers.  Our business is quite broad based. We have good distribution arrangements across all types of firms; warehouses, independent, banks registered investment advisors, and we are having discussions involving NextShares with all of them and I would say on an overall basis something like 75% of our mutual fund sales is in Class-I shares were there is no 12B fee paid, no front end load, no back end load and for that business it is a fairly straight forward transition from that to NextShares in terms of the business economics.  So I think I guess I would count to you to think about NextShares fitting in everywhere that Class-I mutual funds fit in, in terms of distribution economics and that’s almost the entire advisory channel, both advisory within broker dealers and advisory within independent advisors. All of those customers are primary using I Class mutual funds. Here we are offering something that has very similar economics, but potentially better performance in characteristics for investors. 
Tom Faust: Well, I would say unlikely. This is a long term initiative. Thinking about it you’d have to kind of – the math isn’t very hard. We’ve talked about what our spending is. I think we’ve also talked about what our fee rates would be. A little math and you can come up with what our average assets would have to be in 2016 to cover that spend. Maybe we’ll get there, but we are not doing this because we expect to make a lot of money in 2016. We are doing this because we think this is a better product for investors and we think overtime that all the various slings and arrows that we’ve taken along the way ought to be at some point rewarded to Eaton Vance shareholders for having done this. 
Tom Faust: Yes, I think their business model is a pretty straightforward, transparent business model in which they charge fees for services to their customers and that one of the things they try and offer to those customers in exchange for those fees is access to the best products. And how they grow and how they compete is by offering a – I’d say a relatively unconflicted, if not completely unconflicted set of tools and advise on making advisors better in what they are trying to offer their clients and offering NextShares which has we think compelling cost and tax advantages. It fits very well with how they business. I don’t think it’s more complicated than that.
Tom Faust: Okay, all right. I guess I was going to say that we have two major initiatives in NextShares and this Global expansion that are both multi-million expenses that annually, that we have taken on that have the effect of lower our earnings, lowering our margins today. But these are both investments that we think have huge potential, different types, but both investments of a similar scale that have the potential to have enormous payoff over time. So there is a short term pain with a potential, certainly for a long term gain in terms of our business. But you had another question Michael.
Tom Faust: I guess I would say the main – I think you hit upon what I would consider the key issues. Probably the biggest is focus, priorities, you got the department of labor out there with the fiduciary, a standard initiative. Where does this fit?  The top part about this is that it affects – if a broker dealer imagines this becoming meaningfully successful, it doesn’t affect just one little part of their business. It’s embracing next year’s – potentially could be a pretty big deal decision for a broker dealer or anyone else providing intermediary services and that how it fits into their revenue model, what new revenues it would offer, what revenues might go away, it’s fairly central to their business. It’s not terribly complicated. You can easily identify sort of the pros and cons. All of these firms recognize that they exist to serve clients and that we get zero push back on the idea that this is a better product for clients than the alternatives of a mutual fund and in a very broad range applications, but it’s really kind of getting people that are at a level of seniority in the organization that have a broad enough per view that they can see and think about how this impacts their business, getting them to focus on this, that’s really the challenge for us.  We don’t get pushed back at senior levels that people that say, this is bad for our customers or this is bad for our business to a person. They say that this is interesting to a person; they say this is disruptive, but its working this through a process and some of this is maybe reluctance to be first.  We’re grateful to our friends at Envestnet for stepping up and willing to be first. We believe that as we make progress here, making further progress gets easier and easier and so we’re working at it and we share the frustration of those that want to get this done tomorrow. I’m certainly in that camp, but we have to work a process and have to be respectful that we’re not the only thing that these firms have to think about.  These are generally large complex organizations and these are fairly interesting times where there are some major shifts going on in the offering and distribution of investment products, principally the shift that’s ongoing from active mutual funds to ETFs. Every broker dealer that offers, that serves retail investors and offers funds is experiencing that. How does this fit into this? Does it help them or hurt them to introduce NextShares? I don’t think there’s a lot of debate about that, but what priorities should that get versus other possible initiatives that they might have.
Tom Faust: Yes, we don’t – I mean, so there are a lot of unknowns here, right. You’re going to have to I think build your own model in terms of timing. I think we can give a lot of guidance on how big the market is, we can give a lot of guidance on what revenue and cost expectations might be, revenue in terms of fee rates, but the big question in this and the big modeling question is what’s the uptick? When does it happen? How big is it?  I can make a case where this should be a very rapid conversion. If you look at what happened with passive investing, it took 20 years for ETF to get a 50% share of the passive business, but that was an environment where for the first eight or ten of those years there was extremely limited product offerings. The first half dozens of those years was essentially one or two funds available.  As I see it, given the historical pattern of acceptance of ETFs, the fact that people know what an ETF is, also the fact that there will be many, many fund companies out there talking about this, the fact that from the get go its approved for all asset classes. If this takes off, that’s a big if; it should not take 20 years to get to a 50% market share.  So I don’t have a great answer for you in terms of what AUM will be at the end of 2016 or 2017. I think if this takes off, it can take off relatively quickly, but we’re not going to be where we hope to be by the end of 2016 or 2017. There’s a lot of advisor education. There’s a lot of money that’s in strategies and products that will have to migrate to this. Everyone can believe this is a better mouse trap, but still that doesn’t mean the assets will all move overnight. So sorry I can’t help with the modeling questions.
Tom Faust: Yes, I guess I would say and I’m not particularly proud of this, but at the moment we don’t have a whole lot to lose in terms of traditional active assets invested in U.S. equities. We had a one-time, a quite large cap value franchise that is – I think it’s around the $8 billion today versus a peak of something like $34 billion. I would assume that to some degree the continued outflows we’re seeing despite a pretty good performance record has to do with that broader trend from active to passive. So to some degree we’re being hurt by that. It’s harder to sell active strategies today than it was two or five or eight years ago, because I think there’s a greater attitude of skepticism about the ability of active managers to sustain outperformers than would have been there prior to the long career now we’ve had with our performance generally for passive over equity and large cap US equity. So I guess I see us, for our business where we sit today, the balance is far more to the opportunity side in large cap U.S. equities than it is to the risk side. We have a balanced fund. It has a five star rating for all time periods. It’s a top – I believe top deciles performer, certainly a top quintile performer year-to-date one, three, five and ten. It’s an enormous category. Balanced funds don’t go there every month, but there’s a large audience of potential investors for that fund.  We can have a much bigger balanced fund than we did today in the $300 million range. There’s no reason that even with the adverse trends in our business that that fund couldn’t be some multiple of its currents size relatively quickly, just by taking share from other managers.  Our focused growth opportunity fund, also a strong performer, still relatively early in the slide. I think we hit our five year anniversary sometime in the next year I think, but it’s got very strong performance, focus strategies appeal as a good application of active management, but our industry generally faces – I feel like a pretty huge threat. When I say our industry I really mean active managers in this case from passive.  But the threat to Eaton Vance is relatively small, because that threat is greatest in large cap U.S. equity and that is today a pretty small part of our business. When I say that I‘m excluding specialty products like host and funds and exchange funds where we don’t place the normal type of competition like we saw in large cap value for example.
