Tom Faust: Yeah. Okay. I think that’s pretty straight forward. We offer most of our mutual fund products almost all of them in a multi-class structure where we have institutional share classroom where there is no front or back end sales load and no 12b-1 distribution fees. We also have A shares, which have typically a 25 basis point distribution service fee and sometimes offered with a front end load, then more commonly that is waived. And then our third most common class of shares is C shares which has a 100 -- no front end load, 1% CDSC, if redeemed within 12 months but ongoing 1% of distribution and service payment. Where we see NextShares is fitting in, as being competitive with what we call Class I or institutional class shares. That represents about two thirds of our business today in terms of flows. So what I would expect is that, if the example is the Richard Bernstein -- if the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund that we would offer, we would continue to offer the mutual fund with multiple share classes and alongside that, we would offer the new NextShares version of that same strategy. I would expect little or no movement of assets from the Class C shares, potential sales of Class C shares from the mutual fund to the NextShares version, maybe some but probably not much Class A activity would move to the new version. But I think it is reasonable to expect that significant percentage of what would've been the Class I shares sales of the mutual fund to shift to NextShares which we expect to have a lower expense ratio. We expect also to have incrementally higher returns in addition to the lower expenses based on the way the funds are structured and the way the funds are effectively sheltered from the cost of accommodating inflows and outflows and the expected higher tax efficiency. So we would expect that that much of the activity in terms of new sales will shift from the mutual fund to the NextShares version of the same strategy. We will not stop marketing the mutual fund. There will be some customers that would take a wait-and-see attitude to see how this new type of fund structure shakes out. But we expect to certainly to put a significant focus on selling the new version alongside the existing product. Of the 18th strategies that we have announced as where we intend to offer NextShares, 17 of those are effectively clones of existing top Eaton Vance mutual funds. We expect from a compensation perspective, which maybe you are getting towards your question, also to compensate our wholesalers on a similar basis, not exactly the same, similar. Although NextShares will be exchange traded products and where we will not be able to track gross sales on the same basis that we’re able to track mutual fund sales. We do expect through most, if not all, broker-dealer systems to get data that would allow us to track growth in the fund assets on a territory-by-territory basis. And we use that -- we use that as the way to compensate our salespeople.
Tom Faust: Yeah. So there were no -- you're correct, there were no big platform reallocations. I think the thing we’re seeing as you observed were continued steady positive flows on the institutional side and maybe a diminishing of retail interest has expressed more in lower gross sales than higher redemption. What I think is happening now is that institutional investors are perhaps more mindful of the fact that the 10 point interest rates are going to go off and that when that happens, there's a significant performance -- portfolio benefit are being diversified of not having only fixed rate income assets but also having floating-rate income assets. That was a lesson that retail investors were sharply reminded of in the first half of 2013 when our rates started to move up pretty quickly since rates have comeback down that less than it’s moved to the back up of -- I suspect many retail investors mind. But nonetheless like the institutional investors that continue to put money into this asset class, my own view is that it's inevitable that at some point we will start to see upward movement in interest rates. And so what I think will be required to get retail flows into bank loans moving again in a significant way upward from where they are today is something some catalyst that causes either investors or financial visors to be reminded that yes there is interest rate risk and that the best defense against interest rate risk is moving a significant portion of the client assets from fixed rate to floating rate. I don’t have a crystal ball as to when that’s going to happen, but I think it will happen. It could happen soon depending on what happens with the economy. But I think that’s likely to be the trigger.
Tom Faust: Yeah. Now we would expect -- we will see activity, I would hope significant activity well before that launch in the second quarter. We are quite busy, Stephen Clarke, who runs this initiative for us. I know yesterday was traveling and had meetings with four different fund companies, he told me and spoke to a fifth via conference call. So there's a lot of activity, lots of interest in the space. In some cases, this is a relatively new store. We might have had one or two preliminary meetings but we didn't really get fund committees attention until we got this positive news from the SEC a couple weeks ago. So in some cases, its people moving quickly from a relatively undeveloped state of understanding of the potential opportunity here. In quite a few other cases, however, we've been talking seriously for a number of months, in some cases over a year where we think those companies can move quickly to do two things one -- two things that we’re asking fund companies to do. One is to sign a term sheet with us, which effectively puts in place the broad outlines of our potential agreement on the economic terms of our licensing arrangement. And the second equally important is to file exemptive applications getting themselves in line with the SEC. As we mentioned, couple of weeks ago when we have the call on announcing the next year news, the process that the SEC has prescribed for how licensee can -- should file an exemptive application is designed to be extremely efficient, that is essentially what a licensee has to do, is represent that they will agree to abide by the terms and conditions of the Eaton Vance exemptive order. So rather than the process of filing exemptive order be a potentially multi-month process involving extensive use of outside counsel and producing a document that might be 40 to 60 pages. This is a simplified process that would certainly be done in-house at little or no cost that involves up four to six page document that more or less says, these are the fund that we would initially propose to introduce. We would like this really to apply to both those funds, as well as future funds, we might introduce in the future. And all of these funds would rely on the terms and conditions of the Eaton Vance order. So we view that as extremely important in the development. The SEC embracing this approach in the timeline for not only signing up licensees because it's not a big commitment of resources for them to sign a term sheet and get inline with the SEC. And then second, even more important, this also should greatly speed up the timeframe in which other fund companies are bringing out products to market. So we are very busy. We would expect us to sign up firms possibly this month but we think there's a good chance as certainly before the end of our first fiscal quarter, which is at the end of January that we’ll have announcement. Some of these may come to light by virtue of a press release announced either by us or by the fund company that’s the licensee or it may just be in the form of an exemptive application that gets filed, that would indicate that they are filing for relief and are licensing Eaton Vance technology and are relying on the terms and conditions of our order. So we’re very busy there and certainly, quite hopeful that there will be significant activity over the coming weeks.
Tom Faust: Sure. So there is the study, which we’ve concluded and are releasing on a selective basis primarily, focused on getting that in the hands of potential licensees. The study identifies four primary costs of mutual funds that would either be eliminated or substantially eliminated by moving to the structure. One of those, the most straightforward is probably, one distribution fees which of course don't exist for institutional share classes but across all fund classes, I think average something like 40 basis points on an equal weighted basis and around 15 basis points asset weighted. So no 12b-1 distribution fees for NextShares. If you're comparing NextShares to the institutional share class of mutual funds that cost savings effectively doesn’t apply but what does apply is three other cost savings. The first of which is significantly reduce if not illuminated transfer agent fees that’s a cost of roundly 15 basis points and maybe a little bit more than that for the average fund. The second cost is the one you mentioned which is cash drag, which is variable for different funds depending on how much cash they hold, but also variable of course depending on whether markets are moving up or down over a particular period. And the third avoided cost as we describe it is the cost of the incremental trading that a fund incurs to accommodate cash inflows and cash outflows. And this is for memory, but that cost, as I recall, its about 20 to 25 basis points for typical fund. So the study identified -- which focuses on the broad universe of equity funds over the period 2007 to 2013, identifies the total of I believe 62 basis points of non-12b-1 costs for a typical fund that would be -- that should be avoidable by shifting to this structure, which roundly 15 basis points is transfer agent expenses, 20 to 25 basis points, I believe is the flow-related trading costs and the balance would be cash drag. The study also looks at, if you take historical mutual fund performance and adjust that to remove these cost factors, how does that compared to benchmark ETFs that have the same index over that period in it. And not surprisingly, that if you pull out enough cost that makes a dramatic impact on the percentage of fund -- percentage of active funds that outperformed in a way that I think that will be potentially a very significant in longer-term affecting the balance of active versus passive in the market if this new lower cost structure is widely adopted. The study does not focus on. Though this is an area of significant interest that both for us and potential licensees. This study does not attempt to quantify two things. One is the benefits of fixed income funds, which we also think would be significant and also the benefit in terms of tax savings and both of those are areas of potential future research that we’re started to think about. But the work that we've done is on equity funds. It covers a broad universe of funds over a long period, both up market and down market, and we think is going to be quite instructive to fund companies, as they think about the potential benefits to their shareholders from adopting this new structure.
Tom Faust: So we talked about, let just say, so that, the areas that we identified as laggards for the year, one would be large-cap value, second would be global income and third, Atlanta Capital, I think those were the three areas.
Tom Faust: Our understanding is that the exchange has a minimum of 1 million shares to list a new fund. We're thinking this hasn’t been finalized but we’re thinking of an initial value of $20 a share, so $20 million of seed capital. We haven't really gotten fully into how we would finance that, but 20 times -- 18 is not insignificant -- $20 million times 18 is a not an insignificant amount of money. We could conceivably finance that internally if we thought that makes sense. But we would be open to other avenues of financing that as well.
Tom Faust: I didn’t say that we were going to be compensating them on net sales. I said we are going to be measuring the growth in assets of the strategy on a basis that looks at essentially the book value of the position in account. So, we're quite aware of the complexities of compensating wholesalers on net basis that’s not been our traditional approach. But we do think that as we move into exchange-traded products, it will likely become more important to use NextShares -- to use net sales. Sorry, too confusing here, to use net sales as a primary determinant .But it won't -- certainly it won't be the only determinant of sales force compensation going forward.
Tom Faust: I’m aware that the SEC is interested in the topic of liquidity and the fixed income markets and interested in particularly how that affects funds that offer daily redemption privileges and maybe also particularly how that affects ETFs that offer intraday pricing and intraday price-based liquidity. And we've spoken to the SEC on these topics. I've not heard either directly or indirectly or maybe I have missed this that there is a proposal that would require fixed income funds to maintain a cash reserve. I would find that very surprising if that’s currently under consideration at the SEC, but I’m not aware of that.
Tom Faust: I won’t speak to specific fund companies that wouldn’t be appropriate. But I can say that certainly there are companies that we’re talking to that were looking at or considering alternative models. So the kinds of things that we’re offering, which is the ability to present active strategies in a structure that preserves the confidentiality of current funds trading information while still capturing the potential cost efficiencies and tax efficiencies and exchange traded structure. Those same things would have attracted people to Precidian as attract us, as attract people to us. So it’s not surprising to us that the people that might have been interested in that structure would also have an interest in talking to us about our structure.
Tom Faust: We've made it clear that we don't intend to have a monopoly here. Our goal is to license this technology broadly across the industry. We expect not only Eaton Vance but essentially all comers in our industry to have access to this technology at what we think will be reasonable licensing fees to make available to their customers. I would point out this is not the first, but it is the second approved the way that an active manager can offer exchange traded products. There is the fully transparent version that was approved in 2008 and there is now the NAV-based version that we believe we’re on the verge of approval of in 2014. I wouldn’t want to speculate whether they will or will not be other versions that might be approved at some point in the future.
Tom Faust: Okay, great. Thank you for joining us this morning. We hope you all have a happy and safe Thanksgiving. And enjoy the holidays. And we look forward to reporting back to you at the close of our first fiscal quarter in February. Thank you.
