Tom Faust: Yes, I would put it -- maybe I would agree with your assessment that it's maybe splitting hairs here. I don't think we're far enough into this to have a really very different view on kind of what the spin levels will be and what the resulting impact on operating efficiencies and scale economies would be. We are working on, we put a lot of effort into this. We made some real progress. As I noted, Ranjit, who will be joining Parametric towards the end of next month, isn't here yet, so we can lay a little bit of this uncertainty on the fact that the person that’s going to be driving this isn't here yet. It's not like we haven't done anything. In fact, we’ve done quite a bit to prepare for the launch of this new platform. But in terms of quantifying the margin impact of how this is going to impact our overall business or even impact the profitability of that particular part of our business, I think it's quite premature to say that. I will say that this is a business where continuous investment in technology are just par for the course. We’ve scaled this thing up to something like 80,000 separate accounts, and we are looking for ways to continue growing that business to a multiple of its current size. We know if we do this right, there will be significant CL economies. It does not take twice as many people to run 160,000 accounts as it does 80,000 accounts, particularly if we invest in technology the right way. So, a little bit vague in the answer. Sorry, I can't be more helpful. Directionally, we know we are going to be spending a bit more money in the near-term, but we're highly confident that’s going to pay off with operating efficiencies and scale economies down the road as we grow that business.
Tom Faust: I certainly can't comment on anything specific. We're not aware of -- there aren't major opportunities that we're looking at in Europe that we are at a point where we could comment on, not that we would. I would say areas of interest to us relate primarily to rounding out our business in ways that are -- that we view as complementary to what we're doing now. I would put on that list extending our credit capabilities into private assets. We’ve also looked at things recently expanding our small wealth management business to leverage our capabilities in wealth management solutions. Beyond that, I would say we’re opportunistic. We'd like to grow in responsible investing. We have a -- we think very strong platform, really a couple of platforms there with Calvert and what Parametric does in customized separate account solutions with responsible investing being one of the key value adds there. Those are probably the areas I would highlight for us. We are -- our business continues to be approximately 95% in the U.S and 5% outside. We’ve stated our long-term goal to become more diversified internationally. But we are only going to do an acquisition that we think makes sense to us and we are highly confident it's going to bring value to our shareholders.
Tom Faust: Yes. So, I think I scaled the business at about $105 billion of what we call custom beta. So that's the Parametric custom core business as well as the municipal and corporate bond laddered offer -- laddered products offered at individual separate accounts. We have additional individual separate account businesses. There are actively managed muni pieces, there are active managed equity businesses as well. 
Tom Faust: The -- but the biggest growth opportunities we see are in what we call custom beta, which is I believe slide 12 of the handout had the growth trajectory. We’ve been on there. Year-to-date, 19% annualized internal growth. We think we're positioned to see -- we hope, we bet we don't know this, but we hope an acceleration of that growth as we move the muni and corporate capabilities there under Parametric. We think there will be new product strategies that will emerge out of that, that will give us the potential to do things that we don't do today. We think the investments that we're making in technology to enhance service levels and drive scale economies will position us more attractively versus competitors where our goal would be that to gain market share over time. We think there is a -- there is room in this market for multiple competitors, but we intend to maintain our position as the market leader.
Tom Faust: I guess it depends where you're looking. We’ve got pretty broad business. If you look at our equity performance to starting there, we're really having a quite strong year where Calvert strategies, Eaton Vance managed equities and particularly the Atlanta Capital strategies, which in many ways are our purest for compete on performance equity mandates, really exceptional, high performance there. That group as you may know also runs the Calvert equity fund, which also has had strong performance. So we are seeing flows into -- positive flows into active equity strategies that are not completely, but we would assume are being driven largely by that -- the strong performance numbers that we’ve been putting up over the last, let's say, year and 3-year periods. On income side, I think generally a good story. Our -- because our bank loan assets are fairly large percentage of our total. We have seen a -- maybe somewhat of a falling off in performance there, nothing that we're worried about. But we had a significant boost to performance last year that came as some loans that we had held through restructuring process, paid off in a major way as -- to us is equity holders as they came to a restructuring. We haven't had that same effect this year, so our bank loan performance has been more muted across fixed income. The primary driver of relative performance year-to-date and particularly over the last three months has been duration exposure. So if you're long relative to your peers, you’ve had the wind at your back. If your shorter duration relative to peers, you had the wind a bit in-your-face. We have an array of short duration income strategies. The biggest being our short duration government income fund which really had a exceptional performance run. It's been facing a bit of a performance headwind this year, primarily because relative to its peers it is shorter duration than its peers. And in the government category duration is going to be a primary driver of short-term periods, particularly during months like we've seen recently when we’ve had sharp movements. Sharp movements in this case down in treasury yields. So it's really nothing that from a competitive point of view we're fighting against. We continue to see good flows into that short duration Government Income Fund, despite a fall off in relative performance versus other funds in that government category. Same with bank loans, a relative performance versus peers over the year-to-date period has fallen a bit. The longer-term track record there is exceptional and as I mentioned our market share there based on the numbers we see continues to grow. So there's certainly -- we don't see a performance problem for Eaton Vance over all or for any of our major strategies. In fact, I would point to performance of our active equity strategies, Calvert branded and Atlanta Capital managed in particular, as creating opportunities for us to sell places that we wouldn’t if we had more pedestrian returns.
Tom Faust: So we have a relatively small CLO business. I think they’re 4 or 5 active CLOs that we managed. It is a pretty small balance sheet exposure. Overall, bank loans are important business for us. We have been in net outflows there as described. There is nothing systemic there that we're particularly worried about. We believe the outflows have been primarily driven by the fact that these are floating rate assets and people are expecting short-term rates to come down, that's a strong market consensus probably will prove right. But we don't see significant issues on the credit side. Nothing is showing up in our portfolios to date. We're very aware that these are below investment grade loans and that these are subject to credit risk. We maintain broadly diversified portfolios. To date, we have not had issues with liquidity or -- so we generally feel that things are okay. On balance, we think that the stimulative moves that are starting to happen in the U.S and in other Western economies are broadly supportive of good credit performance and bank loans. So on the one hand, shorter rates make -- can make floating rate assets less appealing from a yield perspective. They also have the effect generally of reducing economic risk of significant credit losses. But we're mindful that we're at -- we are -- we're long into the current economic cycle. We are mindful of the fact that flat or inverted yield curves are sometimes viewed and have been markers of coming prudence of economic weakness. But to date, we are not seeing that in our bank loan portfolios.
Tom Faust: No. That the key is that it is not deemed an assignment for purposes of the contracts. And we have a legal opinion to that effect, which we’re making available through our business partners, primarily this is the separate managed account business where this is -- potentially an issue. But we've gotten -- I would say, no pushback from clients or intermediaries about the change. There is no change in control. We control these businesses through Eaton Vance Management today. We will control them in the future through Parametric, which is a control subsidiary. The same people will be running the strategies, the same investment style. It's a change in branding and ultimately organizational reporting responsibilities. But nothing that we think clients should be concerned about and nothing that we think based on evidence that clients are concerned about performance records will carry over. No change from a client's point of view other than a different name associated with the brand.
Tom Faust: Yes. We talked about how we benefited during the quarter of a renegotiation of a custody fee agreement where -- because the custody fees are highest for emerging markets, non-U.S markets, which are -- were those assets tend to be concentrated in alternative strategies. The impact of that on our effective fee rates was positive during the quarter which reflect that -- reflects the fact that a fair bit of the subsidy activity that we’ve been had in our funds is connected to those strategies and where the relief in terms of lower custody fees fell in part to benefit of the fund, then also fell in part to us to the extent we're providing subsidies to keep fund fee levels at a flat level.
Tom Faust: Yes, we don't have much of a pipeline in active equity institutional accounts. Most of the sale success we are seeing for active equity is retail either funds or in some cases individual separate accounts. Most of that active business is through model programs. But the places where we're seeing sales success are primarily high-performing equity strategies, branded Calvert, sorry. So it's the one-two punch of strong performance, which is a distinctive factor and also the strong brand of Calvert and responsible investing. So we're benefiting, I would say, across the board. Almost without exception across. Calvert active strategies from strong performance and this wind at the back in terms of marketing, because although there are a lot of players that have come into the responsible investing space, few of them have the credibility and reputation that Calvert has, you marry that with strong performance and we’ve been able to grow Calvert's business in active equities pretty meaningfully. The other brand manager I would point to is our Atlanta Capital affiliate, which although Atlanta Capital in total has been a net redemptions in the last couple of quarters, primarily because their largest strategies which are the SMID-cap and small-cap strategies are at capacity. They've had very strong across the board performance, small-cap, SMID-cap, large cap in their active equities. Atlanta Capital's mantra is high quality investing, which they’ve practiced for decades. We are in a market cycle where high-quality is performing very well. They have not just top quartile, but top decile performance across most of their equity strategies. And they’re seeing growing interest in that as you would expect. This is a group of funds and separate accounts that are distinguished not only by strong performance over time, but also a consistent investment approach, low turnover investing in high-quality companies that resonates with a lot of investors that are looking at alternatives to passive investing. So beyond that I would say, a small cap generally as a place where we're seeing positive flows both branded Calvert and branded Eaton Vance, both U.S and international. So you don't think about active equities as a place where there's a lot of growth opportunity, but we're seeing some potential for our business to grow there based on performance and based on the distinctiveness of the Calvert brand.
Tom Faust: Yes, this is a -- it's a lot harder business than managing funds. 80,000 separate accounts gives us a scale that's hard for anyone to come close to, we think we are based on industry data, the largest player in this market. We compete on service more than anything. And when I say we, this is both Parametric and what are today Eaton Vance Management branded strategies that would be -- in some cases moving over to Parametric. We have over the last, I would say, two years seen a number of new competitors coming to the market both in terms of laddered bond separate accounts, but also on the custom core equities. So competing against us on both the income side as well as the equity side. You’ve seen our numbers. We continue to grow that business. 19% organic growth for the year-to-date on a combined basis. We will see no doubt more competitors into this. Other people, we think will be attracted to the same opportunity to grow in the space, but we think we have today a differentiated position based on our reputation for service. And so far we've been able to hold off competitors and keep that business growing. Some of our competitors have not surprisingly try to compete largely on the basis of price. For the most part, we’ve held the line on price, but have the flexibility to be competitive when necessary. This is a value proposition. If we can deliver value relative to cost, which we think we can, we think this business will continue to grow. For the most part, our competition here is more about competing against on the equity side index funds and ETS as opposed to other managers of customized individual separate accounts. And in the case of munis and taxable bond portfolios, it's primarily competing against unmanaged portfolios. So, yes, there are more competitors into the space, but at $100 billion we are by far the largest player in this business, but tiny compared to the size of the addressable market, which we view as consisting of most of the index ETF and index mutual fund market held outside of qualified retirement plans. And maybe away from institutions that are using ETFs as a short-term market exposure vehicles. But we think this is you sketch it out. This is -- these are potentially trillion dollar plus markets. You look at the number of municipal bonds, the value of municipal bonds that are owned by individuals, how much of that is managed versus how much is unmanaged. We think there's a huge potential for that market to convert to from unmanaged to managed. You look at the growth of index investing. How much of that is held through funds, where there's not the advantages of customization, not the advantages of pass-through tax -- pass-through treatment of realized tax losses that you can achieve with customized separate accounts. We think there's enormous growth potential here. Our objective is to grow our market share over time as this market continues to grow, maybe that's a challenge because we will see new entrants into this market. But there aren't many people that are in a position like we are to make the kind of investment in technology to drive service levels that other people I think are going to look at this and say I don't want to do that. That looks really hard. I don't think I can compete with Parametric and Eaton Vance on the basis of service excellence. I think I will do something else.
Tom Faust: I don't see any improvement. The last I checked fee rates aren't going up across any parts of asset management that we participate in. Our primary driver of those fee rates that will continues to be mix, even both across categories and inside categories. The biggest changes in average fee rate has been within fixed income. That really reflects the growth of this business that we call custom beta, the muni and corporate ladder business which is fundamentally quite different than managing high yield bond portfolios or mortgage-backed securities portfolio. We are seeing some price competition, some level of fee concessions in existing businesses. I don't think it's accelerating. It feels like it's more on a steady modest decline in average fee rates across most of our businesses if you look at true apples to apples comparison. We think we can manage through that. I’ve been in the investment business well over 30 years and there has never been a time when fee rates have been going up, how you grow and how you achieve attractive margins in this business tends to be based on scale. The ability to offset reductions in a fee rates tied to per dollar of assets by growing up the base of assets you managed and leveraging the spending in support of that asset management. So no real change in our business mix. We expect continued modest declines in our average fee rates.
Tom Faust: Yes. So this is -- these strategies are a little hard to pigeonhole in terms of what -- where they’re positioned relative to broad market trends. We describe ourselves as country pickers, investing both long and short in emerging and frontier markets using primarily currency and short duration sovereign credit instruments. We -- returns, you can look this up, I think are like 6% or so in the range of 6% year-to-date through yesterday, for the iShares of these funds. So we think that's pretty good. Some years 6% returns are nothing to get too excited about in other years. If you can deliver something like that, in a way that is less volatile than long-duration fixed income or less volatile than most equity strategies, that can be quite appealing, particularly given the very low correlation of the performance of these strategies to the major asset classes that most U.S investors are heavily weighted in, namely developed market equities and U.S. duration assets. There have been some upsets in the world recently, maybe putting that thing modestly. So far we're weathering the storm quite well. And those performance numbers are current numbers for the year-to-date.
Tom Faust: There have been absolutely -- so let me answer the question in two parts. One is on the equity side, which is the Parametric business and the other is the -- is on the fixed-income side, which is the Eaton Vance Management business that is going to become part of Parametric. So on the equity side, the traditional player in this market that we’ve competed with is a firm focused on this business called Aperio that I think continues to grow in our business, but is an established competitor. No particular change that I’m aware of in the Parametric versus Aperio competitive dynamics. There are other players who have been in this market and put more of a focus on that. Goldman Sachs has an investment offering here. Natixis has a subsidiary that has an offering here. The competitive landscape is first about getting access to platform. So are you offered at major broker-dealers or are you available through a particular registered investment advisor and what kind of strategies are you offered though? So is it tied to a single index, is it across a range of indexes? What’s the expectation in terms of product features? Are you -- what kind -- what approach are you taking to tax loss harvesting? What kind of your business is funding -- funded in kind? Do you do after tax performance reporting? Is that performance reporting appropriately tranched by the age of the account? These are all things that that differentiate players in this market. It is a very customized business. If your level of customization is not as good as the next guys, you’re going to struggle to be successful here. An element of customization is that service is often challenging. So what kind of turnaround is there for whatever customization that a particular advisor or client is looking for. So far we’ve been able to withstand the competitive challenge and continue to grow that business, despite no secret that this is a growing market. People look at the success we've achieved and said, yes, that doesn't look all that hard. But one of the things we're trying to do with this strategic initiative is to make it less attractive and make it harder for other asset managers to try and get into this space by doing a better job for clients. On the fixed-income side, the story is probably similar. The names are different. Aperio, I don't believe has a fixed-income offering. Names here are Nuveen, Lord Abbett. I think BlackRock has an offering in this market. There might be a couple of other players there. By and large, we’ve -- we continue to be successful in that market. One of the things that’s notable about our competitive offering is that earlier this year we launched a systematic year-round tax law -- tax loss harvesting service as part of our core offering, no upcharge in price, something we make available. We’ve been in the process of rolling that out, getting approval at various platforms to offer that for clients. We view that as a bit of a raising of the bar to differentiate us from competitors, not everyone. Most people don't offer something similar. Again, beyond the service, beyond the features that we offer, a lot of this comes down to service, how good are we at responding to requests to evaluate a particular hypothetical transaction? What's our turnaround relative to somebody else's? What kind of service do we provide to advisors? In general, fee rate differentials in this market are small and that these are not viewed as commodity products because of the intensity of the service experience and the high-level of satisfaction we deliver on the service side has allowed us to in many cases when business we're not a low-cost provider, but we're at or near the top end of the fee range for people bidding on the business. But we think it's a business that has the potential to grow to accommodate a number of competitors. We expect fairly soon the competitive landscape to shake out where this won't be a competitive market -- this won't be an interesting market for new people to get into simply because we and perhaps some others will set such a high bar in terms of scale in technology and service levels that people look at this and say, I don't think I can be successful here.
Tom Faust: Yes, I got it. So, one of the -- you’re referring to the strategic -- part of the strategic initiative is that we're combining our sales organization covering the RIA channel here heretofore. Parametric has had a dedicated sales team covering an array of their strategies, but primarily custom core in that channel and then Eaton Vance's separately offered mutual funds and separate account offering there. And as you've said, like most asset managers, it's been a bit of a struggle for us from the Eaton Vance side to be successful there, whereas by contrast Parametric has built quite a business with dominant market share in that custom core product offered into the RIA channel. What we’re hoping to do is not surprisingly leverage the success that Parametric has achieved there across a broader array of asset classes. And so if we’re leader today in custom equity index separate accounts, we want to be the leader in custom bond separate accounts, both indexed and laddered and otherwise. But it's really leveraging the strength of the Parametric brand, the relationships that they built up over the last 25 years to allow us to successfully introduce fixed income strategies into that channel beyond the small success that we've had to date there. I think as your question implied, most of the assets that we have today on the fixed-income side are in the wirehouse and independent side. Through this reorganization and rebranding and changing in this -- in the sales coverage for the RIA channel, it is very much our objective to extend that success into RIA for fixed-income separate accounts.
