James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, thanks for joining us. It was an exceptional third quarter this -- the firm delivered, and it's contributed to year-to-date revenues of 45 billion. To put this in context, year-to-date revenues surpassed full-year 2019 revenues by nearly 10% as of this stage. Our business model continues to generate durable revenues, high returns, and strong operating leverage, and we produced an ROTCE of over 20%, both in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Institutional Securities continues to gain share, it performed strongly across all regions and all 3 major businesses. The work we have done to integrate our businesses across the Investment Bank is clearly paying dividends. Of note, investment banking had its best quarter in history. And within that M&A also produced its own record quarter. Equities were extremely strong and fixed income was stable. The wealth management business, which includes E*TRADE now, of course, is growing assets at levels far beyond what we've seen. Through the first nine months, this business added over 300 billion of net new assets, compounding growth on a client asset base of over 4.6 trillion, and we believe this is going to be an economic engine for Morgan Stanley for decades to come. The majority of our advisors had positive net new assets year-to-date. And it's this broad-based strength that's key to driving these asset levels. We're seeing momentum, though, across all our newer channels, self-directed and workplace. Self-directed client engagement remains elevated, US corporate soft claim wins increased over 90% versus last year. In the quarter, we continued to broaden our reach, especially Morgan Stanley at Work, where we now have in excess of 14 million unique relationships. While it's early days, we believe that over time, Morgan Stanley at Work will be a meaningful growth driver for the overall business providing additional connectivity to a wider range of prospective clients for broader Wealth Management services.  Investment Management. Fee-based asset management revenues were $1.5 billion in the quarter. By the way, that's nearly tripled the average quarterly level of five years ago. At $1.5 trillion of assets under management represents a more diverse asset mix, further enhancing the range of bay we can provide clients. Expanded solutions and customization, sustainability, and value-added Fixed Income, along with our sizable and growing alternatives platform, position us well to capitalize on ongoing secular growth trends. Year-to-date net flows within Investment Management have exceeded $100 billion. Finally, as it relates to capital, we bought back 3.6 billion of stock, consistent with our overall capital plan, and doubled our dividends, thereby delivering shareholders a nearly 3% return. All that said, we're not complacent in what is obviously a slightly more turbulent market environment. We do expect the Federal Reserve will begin tapering soon, and that will be followed by increasing rates in 2022. We remain optimistic about the firm's position and business outlook, but we will exercise more caution if we see a significant uptick in volatility. Throughout, we remain committed to our core values that drive our culture and ensure we do business the right way. A final word on capital. As you know, SA-CCR, the Standardized Counterparty Credit Risk, regulatory changes beginning next year for the largest banks, It impacts the calculation of counterparty credit risks and thus, risk-weighted assets. We've decided to early adopt in the fourth quarter. That, of course, increases RWAs and with that lowers the implied CET1 ratio. Our current CET1 ratio, which includes the impact of our recently doubled dividend and our buyback as of the third quarter is 16%. The pro forma impact of CECA, absent further mitigation, could theoretically reduce that by approximately 120 basis points. Of course, we have a lot of flexibility to mitigate, and that work has already begun. But early adoption allows us to pick up a benefit in the future which may itself offset a part of this impact over time. I am now going to turn the call over to Sharon and discuss -- she will discuss the quarter in greater detail and then we'll both take your questions. Thank you.
James Gorman: Glenn, in case you're confused, this is James. The accents are so different. On SA - CCR -- I mean, it depicts counterparty credit risks, there were models that were in place, that Basel has been working on replacing. They actually started in 2014. And the idea was to implement it in 2017. And they relate to most of the derivative contracts and the determination where their margin and not margin have to treat that from a risk-weighted asset perspective. So there's a complicated formula that applies the weighting to default risk and then the NPV of future payment obligations under various contracts. So it's taken a while for them to get it done. They actually deferred it, I think, during COVID. They've given the banks till the beginning of next year to get -- to put it in place and they are allowing banks to pre-announce the benefit of starting early if it affects the peak-to-trough in your SA-CCR calculations during the SA - CCR cycles. So there will be some offsets later. And we just felt, we need to get -- we needed to get into it sooner rather than later. Most of it is in ISG. I think about if let's say the RWA number, I think we've got at $35 to $45 billion, honestly, that's moving around a little bit because we are -- this is complicated stuff. But we've certainly done the end's worst, and hopefully, it's the lower end of that. Some of it is in the wealth business because of all the options in that business, but it's a relatively small part of it, but I think like 10%, 15%.
James Gorman: My key takeaway on -- because this is a very important topic broadly. My key takeaway on it is, we used to have a very monolithic model for asset gathering. You had existing clients who may be brought new money to you from other institutions or accumulated wealth. They also spent wealth, so that would go up and down. You had financial biases about who left and who you're recruited. And for many is, we were frankly net deficit of financial advisors as frankly most of the broker dealer is in my 30 years of doing this. A couple of years ago, the net deficit changed materially for us. We are seeing net positive attrition, very few advisors leaving and significant advisors come in particularly large teams from across the street in the banking industry. So that's positive. The channel that the workplaces opened up and the opportunity to gather assets, which was a part of the driver between -- behind this quarter's numbers is basically a new channel. And then obviously the E*TRADE channel is a new channel, and now you're seeing this sort of acquisition of RIA type teams of which this is one, so it's gone from one model, a defense and a tack model of keep you people and try and get some of the marketplaces to our multi-pronged model, which if we obviously, we can't predict the future, but it looks like this is set up to have multiple channels of growth in the years ahead, which is the strategy.
James Gorman: Well, on the normalized markets, it's clearly being a major shift between the U.S. and non-U.S. institutions post-crisis. And I'm talking about capital markets here, Gerard. It's the barriers to entry for those businesses. If you look, a lot of the regional banks and investment banks that tried to be global investment banks and didn't work out so well, the scale economics over the barriers to entry are just so large. And frankly, the technology is so demanding and complex that it's pretty hard to be a wannabe or a new entrant trying to break into the group that is dominating the global flow of capital markets. And within that, we are obviously performing very well. We've picked up a lot of shares consistently across fixed income and equities, and increasingly in banking over the last several years. I don't see that abating. I mean, I don't see a compelling reason why that would change in the wealth and asset management space, again scale is your friend, we've done two huge deals in the last year and then Smith Barney a decade ago at 6.5- ish trillion, clearly at scale, we're one of the biggest asset managers and Wealth Managers in the world, and that generates about 30 billion revenue. Again, it's hard to pick up advisors one-by-one. And there aren't that many firms out there of the size that really moves the needle on the scale, and there aren't really any direct firms of size. You saw the Meritrade deal which combined 2 competitors, you've got Fidelity, you've got a couple of smaller ones, but each was kind of the last big one that was available. So I'm pretty confident about our market position. I don't see why it would deteriorate at this point. Doesn't mean it can't, I mean, but that would be more internal what we've done to ourselves than external what the market is going to do to us, is my gut on that. On volatility, I mean, you're just -- you're looking at all sorts of stuff. You're looking at day-to-day movements in market prices, you're looking at when when the Fed starts tapering what the impact of the market is, what they start signaling terms of how many DOT suggests there will be rate increases next year. It's gone from, I think, 4 to 9. That's going to introduce volatility. Some of the geopolitical discussions around obviously U.S.- China relationships, Taiwan -- injects volatility. Like anything we look at monetary policy, inflation numbers, geopolitics, and then see how that bleeds into market activity. And from that we get -- we sort of dial-up or down on the margin, a risk then you're looking -- you look at specific transactions, you look at multiples of EBITDA the deals are done at. You're looking at days of distribution on syndicated deals. I mean, there's a lot of more tactical stuff. But I try and take a thematic view. My thematic view is, it's good to be watchful right now. There's certainly nothing to suggest there are any issues, but it's -- the markets are bouncing a little bit, and over the next 18 months, we'll see more of that as the Fed starts to move.
James Gorman: It was an important deal. Obviously, Microsoft is one of the great companies in the world, if not the largest Company in the world. So fantastic partner for us. We did do a multi-year deal with them. I won't give you the financials as you would understand. But a multi-year deal with them, and by the way, they are not the only cloud provider we use. We use -- there are great players in AWS and Google, and we have relationships with all of them, but we wanted to make a significant move. It gives us more capacity to process and analyze data, gives us time-to-market tools. There's more resilience and flexibility in the Cloud. Obviously, some of the digital initiatives that we're using to improve our client experience, we do through the Cloud. So it's one of the pillars of our technology strategy. We've tried to drive more innovation across our businesses. If you look at what we've done in Wealth Management with some of the virtual financial advisors, the lead IQ platform, and the next best ideas, these kinds of things, they are all AI-driven. And I think what you're seeing is with first, the acquisition of Solium, and then an E*Trade, our wealth businesses have a much, much stronger technology backbone, and we've been driving a lot of innovation in that space. The Cloud decision with Microsoft is really a corporate one, and I think would just lead to a much more efficient Morgan Stanley and more resilient by the way. But it's not totally -- it's Microsoft, we're very proud of our partnership with them, but we're a huge Company and we're going to keep evolving. We have developed a special relationship with them on some other things that we worked on, that I don't want to go into, obviously, on the call, that's between us and Microsoft, but it's a great move, Mike, we're really happy about it.
James Gorman: I kind of mentioned savings. Obviously, we're balancing it between both private and public. Capital One is a very different business model. They don't do M&A, they don't underwrite equity deals that have global trading businesses. So, It's really a function of -- you drive your technology decisions based upon the path to innovation and what your business model needs to support different technologies. One of the programs Rob Rooney and the team set up several years ago was something we call our distinguished engineers. We have some unbelievably capable engineers, software engineers, computer scientists around the world, who work with us and we've created a cohort where they're basically driving and feeding innovation across the firm. So no, I can't break it down to a simple you go to the cloud and it will improve our efficiency ratio by 1.2%. It just, I can't do that. But I do know that when you drive it down into the actual business activities, it's making us both a more efficient, more resilient, and faster-moving player. And frankly, being in partnership with Microsoft is a very good thing for Morgan Stanley. They're best-in-class as a Company -- as a tech Company.
James Gorman: And I would just add a few -- when we bought E*TRADE, they had a relatively small loan book, and that was for good reason. I don't know if you remember Devin, but I forget exactly what year was it was probably '05, '06 when they had problems with this large hillock portfolio they had, and that made them very gun-shy about the lending space. So with -- just our mortgage product alone has the enormous capacity with the E*TRADE clients. That's even before you get to start to think about the stock plan clients ultimately. We just think about converting their equity grants into accounts, that's project number 1, but project number two is obviously managing their full liability side as well. So a lot of space to go.
James Gorman: We're not directly trading crypto for retail clients and there are other players who are choosing to do that. We give access to them to buy crypto through various funds and things. But listen. I've said it publicly before, I'll say it again. I don't think crypto's a fad. That doesn't mean it's going to go away. I don't know what the value of -- I don't know what the value of Bitcoin should or shouldn't be, but these things aren't going away and the blockchain technology supporting it is obviously very real and powerful, so it remains Andrew a working space. But for us, honestly, it's just not a huge part of the business demand from our clients. And that may evolve and we'll evolve with it. But right now, it's certainly not what's driving or economics one way or the other. But we're watchful of it, we're respectful and we'll wait and see other regulators handle it.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think. Hi Glenn. It's Sharon. I think if memory serves me, there was a strategy deck that we did in 2017 or '18 that does give a portfolio mix that you can see for advisory lead assets. So it can give you some sense, rough sense from those documents. What I would say though is that I had also noticed this trend. When we go through it, there has been a slight shift. But you're obviously talking about a very large asset base. But I would definitely say that both anecdotally, and it does bear out in some of the numbers that you see a slight increase towards alternatives as a composition of the portfolio.
Sharon Yeshaya: I'd say in -- holistically, Brennan, nice question. Thank you. It's fair. I think that it is a large-scale team that you can consider in terms of that asset acquisition. I think that as you rightly point out, it is an extension of our strategy. And what you're really trying to think about is how do you get more participants that you can touch, that you can begin to sell both products and assets that are appropriate for them, but more than that, offer them true services like financial wellness that we're already doing through the stock plan business. If you think of retirement assets and then you think of who is the actual holder of those retirement assets. And those are the participants. So through municipalities, pensions, et cetera, and all of a sudden you have just another layer of people that you first offer, financial wellness and education to. And then you can introduce them to the services that Morgan Stanley has, the same way that you would introduce the services to a workplace client. So an extension of the strategy and a continuation of the concept of the funnel.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. It's nice to speak to you, Steve. So I would just echo what you said. Yes, we saw US stock plan wins increase by 90% over last year. So just to put that out there and put it in perspective. As you think about conversion, we're still working through some of the metrics as it relates to retention, but anecdotally we are seeing strong retention. Obviously, there were different metrics as you think about what E*TRADE defined as retention and how you might define retention going forward given this new structure. But I think that the synergies as they've played out are very strong. We obviously never gave a direct revenues target. But if you think about what E*TRADE was doing, it's -- the concept was always, well, how you think about the whole spectrum of client wealth. And so we're seeing our teams work very closely together. We're thinking about new ways to offer Morgan Stanley services like research, et cetera, and advice that you would see through your advisor also through your E*TRADE portal. And all of that's really much interacting on -- we continue to think about meeting our companion accounts for example, which was 50% right now and 90% in the U.S. accounts by next year. So all of those sorts of touchpoints and milestones are on track and we look forward to giving you, I think more detail as you think about the January deck next year.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think that key point that we've always said about direct listings is that it's another tool in the toolkit and it's really dependent on the client situation and the needs at that point in time. So these are specific situations, but I would say that that's, while potentially can be a contributor to the advisory results, what I would focus you on for advisory are two things. One is the diversification across the sectors and the geography. So what we're seeing is not just one product necessarily driving results, or one sector driving results, but rather that the pipeline broadly is healthy. And as James said, last year, we continue to invest in this business. So I think that's sort of where we -- how we think about the business going forward.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think that if you think about sponsors and -- but if you really think about everything, right? What's gone on is you have cash that you've raised, and debt in other parts of the market, given where the industry was at the beginning of the pandemic. And so you have the cash that needs to be deployed, be that either from a corporate or from a sponsor, et cetera. And as you push that through the system, people are looking for opportunities for growth be that from the corporate lens or from the financial sponsor's lens. So I would say that it's an active part of the business. It's not the only part of the business though, and that's the point that I was trying to make before when I mentioned sector diversification. So you might look at a financial sponsor of the sector, but you can also think about all different types of materials or retail or consumer discretionary, etc. All of that -- -- that pie in terms of where it's coming from, is changing. And that diversification I think is what's helping the activity. And I think that corporations are looking for growth. And so I'd say that it's not just one sleeve that is driving what -- the results that you saw, at least over the course of this quarter and the future pipeline.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that it continues to be the beginning of that process. And so when you think about where we came from, and then the penetration that we've seen from the household side, the numbers are still small. And so while there is a loan growth momentum, and we've obviously done quite well, there's a technology that James mentioned that's also in the loan space. So if you are an advisor and you see somebody or you receive information that they've looked -- that your client has listed a mortgage calculator, for example, you'll get notified. You will speak to your client about the product that you might have. And so I think that that extension of how you use technology to service your client better. And then also just the sheer numbers given that we became a bank later in our life cycle provides a further runway for growth along with that space.
