James Gorman: Thanks, Sharon. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. While the third quarter was impacted by the typical summer slowdown across many of our businesses, our results reaffirmed that we can generate solid returns against a more subdued backdrop. Strong performance in Wealth Management and Investment Management and stable results in the market-sensitive businesses demonstrated the importance of the balanced business model.  Wealth Management posted record revenues. Margins remained in excess of our target range. These results were achieved despite slower transactional activity. We continue to witness growth in fee-based assets, which surpassed $1 trillion in this quarter. Clients continued to choose the enhanced service models provided by this offering. This trend has reduced our resilience -- our reliance on transactional activity. Incremental revenues will continue to drive margin improvement, subject, of course, to decisions to invest in initiatives that have the potential to further accelerate growth. These investments include not only our digital build-out but also further enhancements to our advisory platforms, lending cash management products and integrated, goal-based planning solutions.  Within Institutional Securities, Investment Banking showed continued strength, particularly in advisory, notwithstanding the amount of uncertainty around the political and fiscal outlook. Sales & Trading was impacted by the environment, characterized by a seasonal slowdown, muted client activity and low levels of volatility. That said, Equity Sales & Trading demonstrated consistency despite subdued activity. Fixed Income remained above our $1 billion run rate per our average quarterly revenue goal, and Investment Management exhibited steady performance with a combination of positive flows across our actively managed strategies.  Often an underappreciated part of our firm, Investment Management represents a high-returning business with a complementary mix of traditional and alternative platforms. We continue to explore both organic and inorganic opportunities in this space. Our pending acquisition of Mesa West Capital serves as the most recent example. Mesa West complements our existing real estate product offerings and provides us with an opportunity to leverage our current distribution channels.  We continued to see signs of operating leverage across our business model, not just in Wealth Management, where it's most apparent. Incremental revenue is expected to generate higher margins, assuming we continue to manage our cost base with discipline. That said, we won't be shy about reinvesting where we see market and competitive opportunities. The Mesa West acquisition and the continuing build-out of our U.S. banks serve as examples of this choice.  Finally, as has been widely discussed in every corner of our sector, there are 3 additional medium- to long-term drivers of performance improvements for our industry, corporate taxes, rates and any changes to the regulatory framework. To repeat what is commonly understood, as a firm, we have a relatively high corporate tax rate given our meaningful U.S. presence. Second, we continue to be positioned to benefit from higher interest rates. And third, we are heavily regulated, not least in the area of capital, which culminates with the CCAR exam. While the degree of these changes will become clearer only over time, they should not go unnoted. In the near term, we continue to have good client receptivity around the globe. And absent any material changes to macro conditions, we remain confident in the goals we have set for this year.  I'll now turn the call over to Jon.
James Gorman: I think there are a bunch of areas across the asset management platform we could continue to build out. We have looked obviously at Fixed Income, where we have smaller space. We have a relatively narrow but very productive active asset management business on the long-only side. And so there are some geographic areas where we could fill in. In this case, it was in the alternatives platform. Real estate has been, for most of our history, a tremendous strength. We have a great team running it. The business is doing well. They've launched new funds. This made sense to us. So I think what we're signaling, and Jim, you're picking up on it, is we're open for business to find inorganic pieces that can help build out parts of our platform that make sense. We're not looking for any grand splash here, but we're open for business opportunistically. And this was a perfect example. We looked at another deal over the last couple of quarters. And in the end, it got too expensive, we pulled away from it. So we're going to keep pricing discipline.
James Gorman: I guess, that's sort of the early question around, "Are we going to change our margin targets or whatever?" Listen, the incremental dollar revenue is coming on with an incremental higher margin than the embedded margin. So in theory, absolutely they grind higher. In practice though, we've got to look at -- we're also focused on growth. And what the management team in that business is doing is looking for ways in which we can drive further growth over the next several years rather than trying to grind out a particular margin in a particular quarter. But you're right. The math suggests with what's happening with retention deals coming off and what's happening with interest rates, margin should grind higher. But again, I'm as much -- more focused frankly on total growth than I am on the incremental margin in a given quarter.
James Gorman: Steve, it's James. I think that's a much broader discussion than we'd probably do justice on an earnings call. We've worked very hard in the last several years to get ourselves in a position where our buyback and dividend combined generated close to 100% payout. We still believe we're carrying significant excess capital. And you're right, at this point in time, the leverage ratio has been the constrained at least the last couple of CCARs. Now whether that continues remains to be seen. I think the team, we're acutely conscious of risk-based capital, leverage-based capital tradeoffs. I think we've started, as evidenced by the Mesa West transaction, to show that we're not shy about doing inorganic things where they make sense. We're not interested in particularly making a splash on that front. We like businesses where we have real scale advantages. That's where we're aggressive. And Wealth Management was the example on that. But otherwise, they tend to be inorganic, should be much more tactical, I would think, in general. So it's a much longer discussion. But at this point, we'd like to continue -- we have a lot of shares outstanding. We've got our dividend to $1 a share on an annual basis. We like to continue to pursue the buyback dividend strategy and excess capital. Once we see more clarity around the regulatory framework, if and when we see we have more excess capital, then we'll put that to work either inorganically or with further buybacks or indeed against some of the risk-based businesses that we're in.
James Gorman: The other thing I'd just add about -- strategically about that business is the lending side provides a lot of stickiness with the relationships. So I was on a phone call with a client yesterday. His adviser left to a competitive firm, a multi-hundred million dollar relationship. We have a significant loan out to that client. And the client has no interest in moving because they like the loan that we have. They like the funding they're getting from that. They -- in fact, after the call, he said they were likely to increase their assets here. So that stickiness for the high end is a big deal. These markets go in cycles as we all know. And people want access to credit. They have large illiquid positions, so concentrated stock in businesses they founded, and they don't necessarily want to liquidate that. And we're in a position where we're dealing with a lot of very, very wealthy people. I think 2% of our assets with clients with less than $100,000 with us. So the vast majority have significant wealth. And it's a real competitive advantage now to be able to compete with the banks and offer these lending products.
James Gorman: Guy, when we set the targets, it was the beginning of 2016 for 2017. And we said we'd like to see 4 things happen, an ROE range of 9% to 11% in 2017. We've hit that each quarter; efficiency ratio driven by Project Streamline of 74% expense to revenue, and we've been below that for the 3 quarters; Wealth Management margin, 23% to 25%, and we're now operating above that level; and the fourth, of course, was the Fixed Income division's revenues, which we thought, given what the team did with the restructuring in the fourth quarter '15, I think it was, we thought that the business model stood on its own with about $1 billion in revenue. That wasn't obviously an aspirational performance. But we thought that's what it should do. And recall, we've had a couple of quarters around $500 million, $600 million. First quarter of '16, I think we did about $800 million and change. And since then, we've had, what's that, 6 quarters of consecutive $1 billion-plus. It's actually probably average. I haven't look at the numbers, but my guess is it's averaged $1.25 billion over that time. So clearly, we exceeded the $1 billion. I don't know. We'll think through the end of the year. I don't think there's a lot of point in trying to nail ourselves to a specific revenue target for a business as volatile as that. I haven't seen our competitors do that. What we wanted to do was say we want it full-blown minimum. It's not sort of a race to -- we could drive revenues in that business harder, but we'd use more balance sheet and we wouldn't necessarily have the same risk profile we've got, so there are tradeoffs in it. And at this point, we're really happy with what the team has done. I think they've done a terrific job. They've taken a business that was really on its heels. And it's clearly become competitive on a global basis. It will never have the macro businesses of the big banks, but it's really performing well across the franchise. So I doubt you're going to see new targets in that. I just don't see a lot of upside for that. And I don't think people can sensibly predict revenue outlooks for something that volatile, but what we did seek to was a minimum revenue number. And let's get through the end of this year, we've got another quarter to go.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I think, as you recall, we've been talking about our deposit deployment strategy for quite some time. And we've been investing excess liquidity into our loan product over the last several years. In the beginning of the year, we told you that, that trend would come to an end. We did see that this year. It happened a bit sooner than we anticipated as we saw more cash go into the markets, particularly the equity markets as those markets rose around the world. And we've seen cash in our clients' accounts at its lowest level. So what we had been doing over the last several years is building out our product suite in that business. As you recall, we were really just a solo product with the BDP product. So we've built out those products, particularly around our cash management engaged initiatives around savings products as well as CDs and other products to sort of supplement our deposit base. In terms of the pricing, we had 4 rate hikes over the last 2 years. We did, at the end of the second quarter raise our rates across the platform in the broker deposit channel. Those rates were predominantly sort of pegged at 1 or 2 basis points. They're now on average about 6 basis points. But we have been supplementing our deposit base with other savings products and CDs. And you see the cost of that running through the interest expense line. So started the year at $154 billion of deposits, it drifted down to $144 billion as people engaged in the market and deployed their cash. And it's now back at $154 billion again with a slightly different mix, but back to sort of the historical year-end level.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. Let me try to take a crack at that. There are a couple of different points. Just remember, we have not made a huge effort historically to build out incremental products in the wealth -- in the deposit side, because we were sitting on so many excess deposits. So this is new for us. We've been working on this cash management engaged initiative as well as building out sort of traditional CD products. And we will continue to diversify our funding mix and our liability stack. And we also have access to wholesale markets, including brokerage CDs and FHLB and external sweeps and other things. So this is really around the right composition and mix of a liability stack. In terms of the interest expense, Brennan, it was a combination of both. The increase -- the BDP increase really happened at the very end of the second quarter, taking up from 1 -- a little over 1 basis point to 6 basis points. So some of that increase is from that; and the rest would be from a combination of the CDs. We ran some savings promotions as well. Mind you, this is for existing clients and new money only. And we're obviously not alone in running promotional programs to increase the deposit levels. I think in terms of stickiness, as James has mentioned and I have mentioned, we are seeing more of our clients engage with us on the advisory platforms. We're providing more services and products for them. And I think we're approaching the clients holistically both on the asset as well as the liability side. As I said, we're new to this, so we'll have to see what the numbers play out. But we're very confident regarding the liquidity position that we have in the banks.
Jonathan Pruzan: No, it came at the end of the second -- I think we raised rates either June 30 or July 1. So we did see the full impact of the BDP rate. We didn't see the full impact of sort of the incremental deposits because those were raised over the second and third quarter.
Jonathan Pruzan: Well, a couple different components there. Number one, we are the #1 equities business globally with a sort of -- with an integrated platform and a leading research product. MiFID has been coming for a while. And we've been actively engaged with our clients discussing this change. Those conversations are obviously very unique based on usage and needs of our individual clients. But those conversations have been constructive and ongoing. And we've also been investing in the platforms and the infrastructure to be in compliance. In terms of how it impacts the market, remember, we have, give or take, an $8 billion Equity business. This is a smaller component of that business. We have an integrated platform and provide value-added services through intellectual capital access, liquidity and whatnot. And we've approached our Sales & Trading clients holistically. So it will have an impact. Trying to measure that is sort of hard at this point. Our sense is, it's going to be a little bumpy because it's not clear that everyone is going to be ready for the switchover in January 3. But we would expect it, a, to be manageable; and b, potentially longer term as the #1 player in this space, if people do consolidate trading with counterparties, we would expect to be the beneficiary of that. So overall, a change, but we adapt to change all the time. We think it's manageable. And it has the potential to accrue to our benefit.
Jonathan Pruzan: Wow, those are pretty technical questions. I think still good. How about still good. Lots of stability in this business and good tailwinds. Obviously, the total revenues generated are increasing. But I still feel like it's in that range in terms of a good indicator on a daily basis. The nice thing about this business is not only the stability and the growth dynamic, but we've got some nice tailwinds behind it. Also if you look at the fee-based accounts and the fee-based revenues, it's now over 50% of the revenues in that business this quarter. So again, lots of stability and lots of continued operating -- opportunity for operating leverage going forward. The general shape and characteristics of the business are pretty stable.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. That's a great question, Mike. Let me just step back for a minute and just sort of talk about NII more globally or at the top of the house. We have seen really good growth in that line item. Year-to-date, we're up just under $500 million. Some of that is on an increase in the lending balances. We're up about $6 billion or $7 billion. Some of that is based on the beta concept. As I've just mentioned, we've had 4 rate hikes over 2 years. This was the first time we raised our BDP rate. We raised it, on average, about 6 basis points. So on the last hike, the 6 over 25% would suggest a 25% beta. Based on historical behavior and our model suggests closer to a 50% beta is the right number to look at going forward. But we're in a new environment of, a, rising rates; b, we've seen money market reform; c, there's been a lot of changes in technology and how people save money. So I would say that, to date, we've outperformed the beta assumption. But we still think that 50%-ish is the right way to think about it going forward. That also being said, as rates get higher, betas get higher, as you know. In terms of the overall strategy, we are getting more mature in this business and in our liability structure. We have sort of made it through, if you will, the excess liquidity position. We still have some, given that we've just raised the deposit number from the $144 billion to $154 billion, we do have excess liquidity today to continue to fund lending growth going forward. But we're going to have a mix of products that support future lending growth. We still feel good about the lending opportunity within our wealth client segment. Penetration rates are still reasonably limited. And we've seen opportunities to continue to increase penetration there. And the funding will be a mix of all of the liabilities that I talked about earlier. We do -- we would like to continue to build out this cash management engaged initiative, which should bring in savings deposits, some mix. We raised about, give or take, a couple billion dollars in savings this quarter, probably $5 billion or $6 billion of CDs. That's both within the network and externally; and then a couple -- some incremental wholesale liabilities. So again, we have plenty of access to liabilities. BDP will be and will continue to be our primary product and our biggest contributor. But this is a day that we have expected for a long time and have sort of been building out the capabilities in advance of it.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. Listen, the year-to-date flows have been very strong and they've not been solely driven by DOL. A significant amount of the conversions this quarter came from non-retirement accounts. So while I think the DOL implementation or the original implementation did form a catalyst for some conversions, it's not been the primary driver, number one. Number two, as we continue to build out the goals-based platform, as we continue to build out digital and our other services, I think our clients are attracted to the value-added proposition of a managed account and we see that trend continuing. It's been a nice tailwind, as you say. And we'll see the benefits of that going forward. As you know, there's a lag between the fees and the flows. But it's been really quite positive and diversified, not only driven by retirement accounts.
Jonathan Pruzan: Well, again, I would say that we've seen continued growth in the lending product across Wealth Management across the 3 products, mortgage, securities-based loans and tailored product. In '16, that was $10 billion. To date, it's been about $7 billion. We've seen good loan production across all 3 channels -- or excuse me, all 3 products. We did see some big payoffs at the end of the quarter that muted our total balances outstanding this quarter. But we continue to see real receptivity within the wealth client network for these products. We're continually designing products that we think that fit within the footprint. Based on market data, it suggests that our penetration rates are lower than some others, so we think that we continue to have room both on the SBL and on the mortgage product. And we've seen consistent production over the last several years. So it sort of gives us confidence that we will continue to be able to grow those balances going forward.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. No, I think you've hit it. I think we continue -- if you just look at the non-comp line, we continue to try to make progress on there. If you recall, when we came out with our targets at the beginning of '16, we didn't really expect the incremental CCAR that we got from the resubmission. Brexit wasn't on the table. So there are things that pop up all over the place that sort of cause that business -- cause those expenses to move around a little bit. But again, on an incremental basis, we've shown some really nice discipline and trends in both the areas that we can really control. We have seen a little bit of an uptick in the BC&E and transaction taxes as our strength in outside of the U.S. has continued to grow. So Europe and Asia generally come with higher expenses in the Sales & Trading businesses. But our hope is that we'll continue to maintain the discipline. Maybe some of the investments that we're making around automation will lead to better efficiency that might be able to bring down the unit cost a little bit more. But I would agree with James that sort of the low-hanging fruit is sort of -- we've sort of taken that out already.
Jonathan Pruzan: Our LCR for the second quarter was in the high 120s. We would expect it to maintain that level or it has maintained that level. It's going to bounce around a little bit. But clearly, the 100% limitation is not a binding constraint for us at all within the liquidity -- within our liquidity framework. So again, it's not -- it hasn't been a constraint for us. I don't expect it to be one in terms of the management of our liquidity. We look at our stress tests and resolution and all the different analysis that we do. And it has generally not been a binding constraint for either -- for the institution.
Jonathan Pruzan: Well, again, specifically to the October white paper, it was really around the capital markets. I think we're broadly supportive. It was a very large and dense document. Anything that improves the liquidity of markets would be a positive. Anything that reduces the unnecessary administrative burden would be a positive. Anything that reduces complexity around the implementation or the compliance with the regulations would be a positive. Generally, the tone, broadly speaking, has been positive. It's been around recalibration and simplification. And so whether you're talking about Volcker or CCAR or the SLR resolution, which was generally the topics that get discussed, anything that would simplify those, anything that would reduce the complexity and the overlapping nature would be positive. We think the tone, at least from the Fed right now, has been around that simplification process. And we'll see what and if anything gets done over time as people get into their seats and their new jobs.
Jonathan Pruzan: I'm not sure I follow the question so much, so let me just take a stab at what I think you're getting at. In terms of what we've seen in sort of the wealth network, the total sort of cash and money market and cash equivalent balances are down at sort of near-time lows. So it's not only deposits that people have been deploying into the markets, it's just sort of all their -- it's sort of all the cash and cash equivalent categories. There are clear synergies between our wealth business and our institutional businesses. But in terms of the amount of revenue that goes back and forth, I think that's an area that we think the businesses are complementary and they benefit each other, but we don't -- I wouldn't describe it in terms of the ways that you have. Clearly, having that distribution arm is good for a new issue product. It's good for certain structured products. So we continue to develop products that our wealth clients want. But again, the businesses are complementary and we don't measure it like that.
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, our clients -- we have an open platform. Our clients have access to products across all of the different investment opportunities. Clearly, some of our clients like the new issue product. As I said, we saw a lot of engagement with our clients with the cash and money market balances going down. And it looks like the proportion of invested assets and equities went up across the platform, so broadly speaking, equity product. They enjoy -- also there's structured products that some of the segments enjoy in terms of products that are tied to indices and other markets or other indexes or other rates around the world. But again, it's an open platform. It's a full-service platform. It is integrated with our institutional business, so there are some complementary -- complementarity to it. But again, I wouldn't describe it as the way you're describing it.
Jonathan Pruzan: A couple different things. I would say, one, that sort of the digital strategy and the digital product rollout, I would say, broadly is on schedule. We're in beta testing with some of the products right now and are going to go out to the full network soon. So I would say, our investments around product are on schedule. When we think about digital, it's obviously a very important component to the overall franchise, but there's 2 components. There's a revenue component as well as an efficiency and automation component. I would suggest that a lot of the investments that we're making are going to help with the automation and efficiency of our branch network, which should lead to again better operating leverage in the business upfront and will also save time with our FAs and our CSAs, so they'll have more ability to spend time with clients. But again, when we think about our wealth business, it's a business that's built on scale. And it's built on the fact that people with wealth want personal advice. So it's going to be both a mix of technology and digital with the personal element of the advice channel. And we think that's the winning formula going forward. But digital is important. It's on track. I would say the impact to the financial results are going to lag those investments. We'll see it probably first on the expense side and then later on the revenue side.
Jonathan Pruzan: Listen, I don't think it's structural. We've seen low volatility across many asset classes. We've seen a lack of sort of idiosyncratic events. When there is uncertainty, in some ways, that's -- or differences of opinions, that generates trading activity. We haven't seen a lot of that more recently. I think the underlying fundamentals sort of the global recovery, if you will, are pretty positive. But we haven't seen real dramatic changes in the rate profile. The 10-year treasury rebounded a little bit here recently. But given the geopolitical risk and the persistently low inflation numbers, it's a pretty tight trading band, FX rates, tight trading band, credit spreads, tight trading band. So again, I don't think it's structural. I think it's cyclical at this point. At some point, there will be catalysts to change the direction of the trading environment, and whether that's tax policy, whether that's better inflation data. But there will be something. And so this has been a sort of a subdued environment. I don't think it persists forever. But when and how that catalyst appears is clearly a question mark.
