Ted Pick: Good morning, and happy spring in New York. Thank you for joining us. We entered 2024 with optimism, encouraged by improving boardroom confidence and an increasingly positive tone from our institutional and wealth management clients, the quarter was strong. We generated $15 billion of revenue, a 71% efficiency ratio, $2.02 in earnings per share and a 20% return on tangible equity. In a relatively constructive environment, these results highlight the power of our clear and consistent strategy, serving as trusted advisor to our clients, helping them raise, allocate and manage capital. During the quarter, higher asset prices and an improved economic backdrop supported confidence with our wealth management client base. We saw greater activity both in the advisor based and self-directed channels, resulting in higher adjusted margins of 27%. Net new assets grew by $95 billion. Investment Management also generated positive long-term flows in the quarter. Across both wealth and investment management, total client assets grew to $7 trillion advancing toward our $10 trillion goal. As the new issue calendar returned for the first time in a number of quarters, it was great to see us regain our leadership position in equity capital markets. More broadly, we saw building momentum in investment banking, both in our M&A and underwriting pipelines across corporate and financial sponsor clients. [Audio Gap] both generated very solid results to round out a strong quarter in institutional securities. As ever, we remain focused on managing our resources, sweating the income statement and being judicious with our capital. Our CET1 ratio was 15.1%. Our excess capital position allows us to support our clients, invest in our businesses and return capital to our shareholders, particularly as regulators continue to evaluate Basel III endgame. Additional regulatory clarity and a sustained capital markets recovery should have a multiplier effect across our global franchise, further unlocking the unique power of our integrated firm. I wanted to touch on the topic of client onboarding and monitoring in the wealth business with 3 short observations. First, this quarter's wealth management results speak for themselves with record revenues and strong metrics across the board, including strong margins and very strong net new assets. We are really pleased with this terrific performance and we are going to keep ongoing. Second, this is not a new matter. We've been focused on our client onboarding and monitoring processes for a good while. We have ongoing communications with our regulators, as all the large banks do. As James said in January, we want to ensure we continue to be world class in every aspect of this growing business. And third, to be clear, this is about processes. We have been spending time, effort and money for multiple years, and it is ongoing. We've been on it. And the costs associated with this are largely in the expense run rate. To conclude, the first quarter of 2024 aligns with the goals outlined in the January strategy deck: $15 billion of revenue, a 71% efficiency ratio, $2 of earnings, $7 trillion of client assets, and a 20% return on tangible. We have strong backlogs and momentum in every part of the firm. While the pipelines are healthy, there remains a backdrop of economic and geopolitical uncertainty. Our job is to generate these kinds of durable results on a consistent basis. I'm very optimistic what lies ahead for Morgan Stanley. And on behalf of our 2,300 Managing Directors and 80,000 employees, say to those listening to the call, we will deliver an integrated firm to clients and shareholders that is unmatched in both its integrity and in its intensity. Now, I'll turn it over to our excellent CFO, Sharon Yeshaya to discuss the quarter in more detail.
Ted Pick: The pipeline is clearly growing. It's growing across sectors. It's growing on a cross border basis. There are some who will be willing to take the regulatory risk at this point in the cycle. And there is activity that we will see both from the financial sponsor community and the corporate community will effectively be bidding with and against each other for assets. This is a moment when most want to purify their business model or grow. And that scaling needs to take place now that the effects of COVID and supply chain are in front of us and geopolitics continue to be on our minds, it is not surprising that the C suite wants to act. So I think we are in the early innings of a multiyear M&A cycle. On the back of that, we should continue to see all kinds of underwriting. What was interesting about this ECM quarter where we had real success was that it was a combination of IPOs from the Valley, capital raises from industrial companies, regional trades, cross border unlocks. It was the whole potpourri of offerings and we've also begun to see the beginning of event financing in the high yield and leverage loan market. So I'm feeling good about this being early to mid-cycle for the classic investment banking capital markets business around the world. And as you know, we are very active in Japan where we think activity will be heightened for years to come.
Ted Pick: What I'd add to that is if you just sort of had an intangible sense of what we talk about at our leadership meetings, our operating committee of a dozen people and the next group, the management committee of about 3 dozen and then their leadership teams. I think it's fair to say Steve over the last 5 years, a large chunk of time was spent talking about capital efficiency, how we can optimize those toggles and of course with Basel III endgame pending and the annual CCAR process ongoing. We, of course, continue dedicate time to that. But the C change over the last number of quarters and it is accelerated now into 2024 is we're actively talking about the income statement, about delivering earnings growth, earnings momentum that obviously then ties into the returns on capital that we were able to generate this quarter. But we're looking to make investments, strategic investments in top human capital now and then when it comes about, but we're being pretty judicious about that. This is a great platform and we have a great team, but we need to be running this thing super efficiently. And that is why reiterating the efficiency ratio of 70% in January was so important and that we put up 71% this quarter where it was a generally constructive environment. I think I called it a relatively constructive environment, but there's clearly more operating leverage to be had when you get to the higher brackets of ISG and then as you move to the funnel of wealth. So the focus on generating that operating leverage and keeping the income statement really tight is very much on the minds of the leadership team.
Ted Pick: Yes, I think it's a reasonable question. The backlogs are all up. I think it will be a slow march back. People are not going to jump into some of the speculative paper that we saw during the SPAC period clearly. But the receptivity to recent IPOs that were high quality was quite impressive, quite broad interest among investors. The need to execute on cross-border M&A is here. It's for many companies an existential reality. Their supply chains have been disrupted by 2 major global conflicts and they need to near shore and make the trade off, which means they need to potentially bolt on piece of supply chain that's in front of them. They may need to take regulatory risk. There may need to be structuring and financing advice around that so called solutions where we think we're strong. The other motivating piece, Mike, is and I do think there's going to be growing consensus on this. The financial sponsor community is sitting on product that has a 3, 4, 5-year life as a private company ready to come out one way or the other, either through a public offering or to be sold in the private markets. That is the best way for the financial sponsor community to return capital to their LPs and keep the thing going with raising ever big funds. So there will be a competitive dynamic I believe between the financial sponsor and corporate community with respect to assets that are available, whether they are public or private in order to continue to create value for their LPs or shareholders. The fact that the U.S. Economy continues to grow, that China is weaker, that parts of Europe are weaker, highlights the fact that people indeed want to get even more exposure to the U.S. With respect to Japan, what's interesting there is most of our client base are both buyers and sellers of assets, which is to say they're sitting on enormous yen denominated deposits, but they wish to grow the economy. So that is a market obviously where we're active in the financial sponsor and corporate communities both in and out will continue to be. So, I am quite bullish about the full investment bank capability for those that have a global reach. It could take several years and have some lumpiness along the way. But I think the next 3, 4, 5 years will be quite active.
Ted Pick: Yes. What I'd add to that is, to Sharon's point on integrated firm, we have this Sharon made reference to this gem of a business that we have in the institutional equities division called Fund Services, which caters to alternative asset managers and effectively does their documentation work and effectively all of the release to their LPs. The question that has been asked over the last number of years is, when some of these folks go on to open their family office and manage their own wealth? What about having a product that has the feel of an institutional product from when they were running their asset manager for their family office or for related business. So the folks in Fund Services got together with the folks in wealth management who run our outsourced CIO product and they effectively came up with a mousetrap that gives the look of an institutional product for folks who are very much in the ultra-high net worth category. And this helps work towards a piece of the wealth bracket that we've all been focused on over the last number of years, which is the very high net worth space, which is very competitive. But in bringing together some of the capability and kit from the equities business over to the wealth business and have them work together with the founder in her next life managing a family office. It's actually a nice seamless way to keep the funds in house and to deliver institutional style capability to clients. So this is something we are putting our foot on the accelerator on and is a great example of our equities division and the wealth management folks are working hand in glove to deliver something for clients.
Ted Pick: And what I would add to that is, we're in the middle of the PE ecosystem. With respect to M&A financing risk, if you ask a number of the asset managers, both real money and alternative asset managers, they would say we are a partner of choice. So opportunity exists within credit, where there's a big focus on the financing side. It's obviously stable revenue and we're getting after some of the opportunities that lie across fixed income and inside of our new issue business to originate structure, finance credit, of course, a focus on private credit and then in equities to continue to expand our prime brokerage capability and to build out derivatives. So this ecosystem around the financial sponsors who know our firm very well with all of the integrated firm capability, this is a space and a client base that we are focused on along with, of course, our leading strategic clients on the corporate side.
Ted Pick: The competition is real. And we all need to adapt to stay relevant in the ecosystem. I think there's going to be room for folks in the private space to participate in deals. But I certainly do not believe as some seem to suggest that the global investment banks will not have a large role to play as underwriters of securities and all the benefits that that brings to the issuer versus someone issuing private credit and potentially being the owner over time if things don't go well. So I think we're in a world where the ecosystem will at times have many of the players acting as partners. Sometimes we'll act as counterparties and at times even competitors. But I think the ecosystem has more than enough room on a global basis for both the emerging private credit space, but also the incumbents to continue to be able to do their thing.
Ted Pick: Well, it's a great question. It depends on whether rates are higher because they are sustaining continued growth in the U.S. or if they are higher for a period of time and are followed by a tough landing, in which case we're in recession and clearly then things will slow down. I think our view is that the U.S. economy continues to progress quite nicely, that balance sheets amongst our client base are quite strong, both on the institutional side and on the wealth side, and that there is plenty to do and that the higher rates that we see are in part, if not more than in part dictated by a view that we continue to have some inflation and that the economy is in healthy shape and maybe asynchronously relative to other places in the world. But that again speaks to U.S. strength and as you know, first and foremost, we have our activity based in the U.S. But over time, there will be strength in places again like Japan and Europe, and then eventually in the China complex where we will be busy too. So my bullishness is not a mark-to-market on any given week or month. It's a view that corporate boardrooms have been quiet for 3, 4 years and that is not sustainable. They need to move. They're ready to move before the pandemic, then the pandemic came and then there were higher rates. Those higher rates seem to be well absorbed. Yes, now we need to have models that factor in appropriate cost of capital, as we saw in prior regimes where cost of capital matter. And now we're in a period that comes after financial repression, where we'll have some inflation and some real rates and companies and financial sponsors will adapt and the strong companies will prosper. So we are setting up for that and we believe will be a multiyear cycle. And I would say finally that what we're most excited about of course is the model that we are working with both the institutional community, but also our wealth management clients to adapt and to optimize as we move into the next cycle.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think it's a great question, Glenn. Happy to take that and just follow-up on exactly what Ted said, which is as you said, the results really speak for themselves. This is a phenomenal business. We had record revenues and we're in a great position. We have strong margins, strong net new assets, and no, there are no strategic changes to our business. There is no changes in our ability to do business, and we're extremely confident in our ability to grow and to deepen the relationship with the breadth of firm offerings that we have to serve our clients. Specific to your question on the international business, it is small.
Sharon Yeshaya: I welcome the day where I stopped getting questions on NII. I would characterize this, it's now the third quarter in a row that I've said that our suite models and the client behavior is following client expectations. It does feel as though we are reaching that frictional level of cash. Of course we'll have to wait and see how things play out, but broadly speaking it feels as though like I said we are at a place where you have what we would say is inter quarter volatility associated with things that might be T-bills maturing, people putting things in markets. But that again is frictional levels of cash rather than large changes or movements in real client behavior, which is what you saw 2 years ago in the summer when we saw the large move in rates, which was a one off event, and then you had again a very large event with the regional bank movements in the first quarter of last year. So those are very specific events that we can look at and since then, like I said, we have been working with our modeled expectations.
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly, let's take just the expense big picture and we obviously disclosed the SEC drivers of expenses, I called them out. We've had multiple years now where we've been looking to integrate multiple acquisitions, and as we've come out of that we've been able to reevaluate our expense base. And I've talked about it in different pieces of our earnings call, many times I've mentioned space. You can see even in the lines around occupancy in the actual disclosures, you can see bump ups in spaces where you're taking write offs down in space and then it begins to trend down again. So we're making big picture decisions around what do we actually need and where do we want to invest those growth drivers as we move forward. So consolidating the marketing dollars and figuring out what is the best use of those marketing dollars, consolidating professional services, how do we actually want to deploy full time hires in those growth objectives. So in my prepared remarks, we talked about 2 things. We talked about taking expenses down in certain line items, but we also discussed investments, right. I talked about the fact that we're looking at opportunistic hires in M&A. We've discussed a lot about investing in parametric and technology. We've been giving technological tools to our advisors and investing in the business. So it's a push pull and it's making sure as Ted said that we're sweating the income statement and we're thinking about our resources efficiently and durably as we move forward through the cycle.
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, what I would say is that we put out our goals in the last strategy deck and we're obviously making progress towards those goals. When you think about what gets you to 30%, the framework that we've offered the investment community is that there is sort of 3 parts to it. The first is migration to advice, the second and really the monetization of the funnel will go through this. The second when you think about it is solutions and products that we're offering, and then the third is the benefits of scale. And what was encouraging about this quarter is that all three of those things happened. The first being the fee based flows that we saw at $26 billion came from brokerage accounts. They came from people taking money that was already in the channel that we said will eventually be deployed, and it is being deployed and that's what you're seeing here. If you look back, it's a, that particular transition, that conversion is at a 2-year peak. Again, encouraging color, Steve. The second piece, solutions, products, differentiated offering. I called out structured products. People have interest in products, as Ted said, as markets begin to improve, those could be new issuance, that can be derivatives, that can be solutions through structured notes. That's what we're seeing beginning to happen here. So yes, again, an encouraging sign. And the third is that we continue to gain the benefits of scale and operating leverage. So all three things are working, of course there is room to run, but what we're trying to do is make sure that we also have the right tradeoffs between investing in the business, giving ourselves room for technology, and being able to build a 30% margin for sustainable business and durable revenues over time.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think we've talked about it before, Brennan. But I'm happy to talk about it again and highlight that the reason that we point you to the wealth management NII is it's a business driven NII. When we look at the trading NII and we look at firm NII, it really depends on the products that you have, where you're booking them, what you're using as your funding sources. That falls into the various pieces of the trading revenue. So we call, we focus you in from our disclosures really on the wealth management NII when that NII is being driven by a business concept rather than just where you might be booking certain trading trades.
Sharon Yeshaya: No, I would really step you back and tell you that that's not how we manage the business and the trading revenue is going to fall where the trading revenue falls based on the products that we transact in that quarter. And the wealth management revenue, I've given you the drivers with the deposits, with interest rates, with spreads and with reinvestment and really two separate things that you should looking at.
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. So when you're growing the wealth management client assets, it's going to be all sorts of places. Like I said, we begin to see assets, they can come in actually in the brokerage side. And over time they will migrate or can migrate based on the client preferences into the advice side. Those different assets are going to have different fees associated with them. For us it's about growing the funnel, Mike, and then beginning to see this movement towards advice. Now I'd also point out that once you're in the advice led channel, even if you're in the fee-based channel, you might not directly be in the S&P. There is a composite, there might be preferences to be in fixed income products, there might be preferences to be in equity products. But for us it's about building sustainable durable revenue over time. First, you bring in the clients and the participants, we've seen the participants grow. Then you bring in the assets. We've seen the assets grow. That then comes into the brokerage accounts, which eventually moves into the advice-based accounts, and we continue to see great trends in the advice driven model, in fee-based assets and the advice the asset management revenues. The asset management revenues, Mike at a record high, so I would just highlight that as well as proof point that this model is working.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So we did see the percentage of client cash. So we've given you I think 22% in the advisory channel is now down to, say, 21%, 20% levels depending on what channels that you're looking at. But that, I would say, is not a function of the actual cash levels coming down, but rather that the equity markets have risen, so just to be clear in terms of the actual mix. The reason I bring up those percentages is they are still high relative to the pre-COVID historical levels of, say, 17%, 18% that we've given on previous calls. So there is still room to see the deployment of cash over time into the markets.
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. I'm so glad you asked, as it relates to the family office offering because we have been talking about it for some time. We launched and we really formally enhanced our family office offering in 2021. We discussed it on some of our earnings calls as a place where you could begin to see the integrated firm, and by that I mean a way to offer our wealth management clients different solutions from institutional securities. So our fund management products, where you're actually able to look at your portfolio from a more integrated basis the way that you would as an institutional client. As we begin to offer new solutions to our clients, these are more ways to get touch points with different and deepen different client relationships and bring them on board. So this is an example of that. The reason we pointed out is also to highlight to you that there are lumpy flows that come through these channels. And so when we say these flows can be lumpy, there are different sales channels across the offering and those different channels have different sales cycles and so therefore you will see ins and outs of various pieces of NNA over time, but in this particular quarter and over the long-term history we have seen a very diversified set of channels. We have the workplace, we obviously have the advice-based relationship, different pieces of stock plan, et cetera that come in through the channel and there is diversification there.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'll take that. When you think about the expansion of the wallet and consider where we came from and where we are now, as more and more of the corporations and coverage of the corporations is becoming more integrated, there are many solutions that a bank such as ourselves can offer, be that from a global perspective, if you think about where rates are as just a tangible example, interest rate hedging that you can offer corporations as they think about transactions. There are different types of foreign exchange transactions that you could think about when you're looking at M&A or you're looking at other corporate deals that you have to do in house for a global franchise. So there are corporate solutions that you see, we expect to see growth in from a wallet perspective, and there's also financing where you have different types of markets and channels that are growing, private credit being an example. We're financing different assets by different types of sponsors are places where we could see opportunities for a wallet share growth more broadly.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I would point you to as you said there is interconnectivity. Remember that I think many of the peers have also mentioned there could have been some pull forward that you saw. It's also been a market that's been open over the course of the last 2 years. So I wouldn't draw these same parallel that you might have seen in M&A or in equity where you had a real dearth of activity the last 2 years, but rather that market especially in IG has been relatively open. When you think about high yield and other non-IG kinds of concepts and of course there is the event related transactions, but from an IG market, that market has been well open over the last 2 years.
