James Gorman: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We started the second quarter with significant headwinds and uncertainties, and it's fair to say that we ended the quarter overall in a better place with a better tone. The headwinds reflect the ongoing market transition from a high-inflation, low-rate environment to a higher-rate, lower-inflation environment. In addition, there were several other issues impacting the markets. April started on the heels of the first bank crisis since 2008, which had the risk of bleeding into the broader financial system. Prompt action by regulators and what turned out to be idiosyncratic stories of the failed banks combined with the strength and support from the large U.S. banks helped to rebalance the system. Second, we found our country moving headlong into a debt ceiling crisis. While our view was it was likely to be resolved, there is no doubt it created unnecessary uncertainty in the markets in April and May. Thirdly, after rapidly raising rates over 15 months, the Fed reached a pause, if not a plateau at its recent meeting. And while we may not be quite at the end of rate increases, I believe we're very, very close to it. Finally, strong rhetoric from government leaders from both the U.S. and China in recent weeks is evident, but there's now been recent efforts to normalize relations and a constructive dialogue is surely welcome. Seeing these four not-insignificant macro concerns progressed positively, supported a more constructive tone in the markets, particularly evidenced in the last few weeks of the quarter. Beyond more macro issues, we at Morgan Stanley completed a significant part of the E*TRADE back-office integration with the final part to be completed after Labor Day and we're very pleased with how it's gone. And today, we announced new institutional initiatives with Japanese research and equity and in foreign exchange with our long standing partner, MUFG, further evidence of how our businesses can work together over time to best serve our global clients. And importantly, we received the most recent results of CCAR. We're pleased our performance under the stress test has improved for the fourth consecutive year, every year since the SCB was introduced. Given our strong results, we increased our dividend by $0.075, the same as we did last year. That brings our total annual dividend per share to $3.40 annually with a dividend yield of about 4% given the current stock price. As to the financial performance of the firm this quarter, certain key metrics were encouraging. Net new assets in Wealth Management grew by $90 billion, and combined with inflows from Investment Management, we saw over $100 billion, bringing our year-to-date net new assets to approximately $200 billion in six months. Our year-to-date growth is well ahead of pace, and while obviously any quarter can bounce around and that will happen, our consistent growth in net new assets in Wealth Management is evidence of our scale and our expanded channels and the clients that we serve. Second, our institutional businesses navigated a choppy environment well. And altogether, the firm delivered net revenues of over $13 billion, up 2% from last year when conditions were very different. This translates into an ROTCE of 12%. Finally, our CET1 ratio was 15.5%. While we knew this would significantly exceed our capital requirements, and it did, it reflects our desire to remain highly capitalized in the face of the new unfolding Basel III Endgame. It's too early to predict the rate of market improvement through the rest of 2023, but the more positive tone and activity seen later in the quarter across many parts of our business is promising. Of course, how much it moves through the balance of the year remains unknown. That said, the fundamentals of our business model remain strong. Finally, a brief comment on succession. At the annual meeting in May, I made it clear I would transition out of the CEO role before next year's annual meeting. Succession planning should be intentional and managed just like strategic planning for the firm or any of our critical talent management processes. We are and have been dealing with a number of uncertainties including but not limited to the CCAR results, business environment, Basel III upcoming Endgame proposals and certain other pending matters. I committed to the Board that I lead our response to those issues, and when I do transition out of the CEO role, I remain as Executive Chairman for a period of time. We are fortunate indeed to have three very strong internal candidates that the Board continues to evaluate along appropriate processes for their readiness to step up as the next CEO of Morgan Stanley. I'll now turn the call over to Sharon to discuss the quarter in greater detail and then together we'll take your questions. Thank you.
James Gorman: Well, it's an important question. And you're right, I have made comments on it. Let's sort of set the table of where we are right now. We've had a lot of speculation based off of what the Basel III Endgame looks like. By the way, I'm not sure it's actually being implemented fully in Europe, just to say. I think the U.S. banks actually have more capital, but putting that knit aside, we did get the speech from the Vice Chair. I think it's important to look at the title of that speech, which was holistic capital review. So, it's taking into account all of the CCAR, stress tests, SCB buffers and the like as this stuff is implemented. Secondly, we haven't seen the actual rules. I mean, I guess there will be a proposal coming out, as you said, in a couple of weeks. There will be an extensive comment period. There is clearly very different views as to the need for the U.S. banking system to accrete more capital. In fact, if you look at the test of the last few years, what happened with the regional banks, what -- Silicon Valley First Republic Signature, what happened during COVID, what's happened during this period of high inflation, what's happened with the biggest rate increase we've had in 40 years, put all that together, the U.S. large banks actually did really well. In fact, if not all of them, certainly for Morgan Stanley, our capital position improved four years in a row under CCAR. So, it's kind of hard for me to sit here and say that we won't be commenting forcefully that we are very well capitalized. But there will be an extensive comment period. I suspect what comes out of that will not be the same as what starts. I think in the sausage making, there will be a lot of evaluation. Clearly, the intent is not to harm the U.S. banking system, which is the backbone of the economy. It's to strengthen us. Then there will be a long transition period. So, I just happen to be reading the speech from the Vice Chair in the last couple of days, and he had a paragraph in there anticipating this question. I thought I'd read to any proposed changes would go through the standard notice and comment rule-making process, allowing for all interested parties appropriate time. Any final changes to capital requirements would occur with appropriate transition times. And he goes on again later in his speech to point out, it could be -- it will not be fully effective for some years. So, here we are in 2023. I don't think this is going to happen in any meaningful way before the end of 2026. I think what comes out a year from now after comment period will be very different from what goes in. And just take my personal peep in it, which is applying a standardized RWA hit on operating risk as the various regulators trying to figure out what the right way to assess operating risk capital is. And to put a standardized hit is fine, but to do it based on fee income, which is the current European proposal, seems to me to be nuts. I mean, we're not -- you don't build fee-based businesses to create operating risk. You build them to create stability. So that's a point we've made very clear with the regulators, and I think they're taking it under consideration. So, long story short, yes, it's the final trust. It's ironic, I don't believe all the European banks are complying with their own rules. We have a very healthy robust capital system here that's been tested 12 years in a row. Morgan Stanley has done well. And there is no chance there will be a major strategic shift for Morgan Stanley as a result of any of this, is my conclusion.
James Gorman: I just want to add on this a little bit because it's obviously been a focus of mine for many decades. The run rate, Glenn, as you know, for the three years before this was $1 trillion. So we're running about $330-ish billion a year. This year run rate, if you extend it would obviously be higher than that, it would be around $400 billion. But I think you're right, it's going to be lumpy. I mean you're going to have a quarter in here somewhere that's a $50 billion quarter, and I wouldn't get too excited about that. And just as I don't get too excited, we're ahead of the run rate. What I really care about, what I'm really excited about is it's a real thing. This is not just something that's going to stop. We've got a lot of wealthy clients. Just the dividends, the interest they get on their accounts, the money they're bringing in, the migration from the workplace, the migration from the E*TRADE accounts, it's the real deal. And I know we put out this $10 trillion number, which I think is -- I think this is going to happen. And at a 5% increase in the value annually on the portfolio with a $1 trillion every three years, it happens in a bit over five years. And it's just a pretty much unstoppable force, but there will be lumpiness in it. I'm sure of that. I don't know when, but there will be lumpy. This happened to be a great one. And I'm excited about it. I think we're heading to -- we're clearly heading to $10 trillion, which is at 50 basis points, $50 billion in revenue. And if you do the math compounding, and I know people are going to call me crazy, and I know it's the end of my tenure, so I get to do this kind of stuff. But if you do 5% over 14 years, you end up at $20 trillion, which is a $100 million revenue business. Well, that seems like a long way out, but I started this job 14 years ago, and we had much, much fewer than the $6.3 trillion we have today. So it's possible.
James Gorman: Well, again, I think, Steve, we've got to see the rule proposed first. I mean, without talking out of school, I clearly had conversations with all the appropriate regulatory bodies. And I'm encouraged by their response, which is they sincerely want to hear comments from the industry. They do understand capital changes across the whole industry have to result in the right economic outcome for the country. And by definition, the bank's stability, as evidenced by the recent many years of CCARs, shows that the G-SIB banks, the top eight banks for sure, are well capitalized. So, I don't want to get ahead and talk about what we'd mitigate. Clearly, we have flexibility around our RWAs. You saw that this quarter, we ended up with 15.5% CET1. We did that not really from a Basel III perspective. I mean, we had that in the back of my mind, but more from this environment, it was a little squarely. I mean, let's just say it that you had three bank fails at the beginning of the quarter. That wasn't a good look. So, we wanted to be cautious. And on the specific buyback, obviously, just on the dividend, we're totally comfortable with the dividend. We've said many, many times we regard half the company as a yield stock, and we're going to treat it that way. And the dividend increases you've seen, I think they're entirely appropriate, and I would expect they continue over coming years without saying exactly what level they're at. On the buyback, I mean, we would take advantage of weakness in the stock. We will be prudent. We're creating -- this was a very difficult quarter and we accreted $2 billion. So it's not like we're not making money here. And I'd like to see the rule, I guess, in a couple of weeks, Sharon, right, we're getting the rule and then the first range of comments. We'll be doing buybacks through this year. We have $20 billion authorization from the Board. We won't be doing $20 billion, but we'll be doing buybacks, and we'll moderate it. I think this thing is going to take -- as I said, I'd be surprised if this is all done and dusted by -- where are we, '23, by the end of '26. I think that's sort of -- and that's 3.5 years, which is a lifetime in these industries.
James Gorman: It could. And we'll adapt, but we won't change our strategy. And I'm going to be a strong advocate on where I think some of these rules do not align with what is right for the global -- for the U.S. financial system and the U.S. economy, not just Morgan Stanley's self-interest.
James Gorman: Well, to take a few of those pieces, we're not going to have in-person shareholder meetings. Since the years I did this before COVID, we have more people from security than we did shareholders physically in the meeting. So, let's just be honest, it was an enormous waste of time and money. And while one or two people might ask -- like asking question in-person, I just don't think it's a good use of time and money. But that along with my pet peeve that we shouldn't have quarterly earnings reports, they should be every six months. That'll be two immediate changes I would make if I was God of Finance. But that's not what you really asked about. On the CEO stuff, I mean, Mike, we -- I said about five years ago, I'd stepped down about five years. I said three years ago to be three years, and nobody believed me. So, I said the best way to get people to believe and the Board agree with this strategy was that the annual meeting to say I won't be in the job of the next annual meeting. So that makes it very clear. it's 12 months. We're already two months in. When exactly that happens, frankly, just isn't that relevant. I mean whether it happens tomorrow, it happens on May, whatever it is 15th or something next annual meeting is irrelevant, it will happen somewhere between those dates. There's a few things I think just given my tenure, I can probably get done that will help the new CEO get off to a great start. And that is my intent. I want somebody to do this job as well better than I've done it for the next several years and to thrive in it. And the best way to help them is to get them off to a good start. So the exact timing will be just driven by that. Obviously, given the questions here on Basel III Endgame, that's an important thing for me to dig into over the next few months. We just got the CCAR stuff done. We got the dividend done. We're chipping away at what I call the remaining pieces. The Board will ultimately decide. We have a process. It's a committee, the Comp, Management Development Succession Committee chaired by Dennis Nally, runs that process. He reports to the Board, obviously, and the full Board will ultimately choose the next CEO. And I'm sure at some point, they want my formal input on that, but they're doing their processes, they should independently. And I think it's very healthy. So the criteria you look for, obviously, not necessarily who's the business operator running a given business on a given day, but who's best equipped to deal with the multiple constituencies and challenges of running a global bank. And that's what the Board will figure out. So saying more than that, I think, would be inappropriate because it gets ahead of the Board's process. And that's their job. And I'm just here to help along the way. So hopefully, that clarifies it, Mike.
James Gorman: Wall Street had a history of that not happening. I think we will -- frankly we will challenge that history. We have an unbelievable team that worked together for at least eight years. I think they've all been on the operating committee and we have an unbelievable team of executives around them. Sharon, who you're hearing on this call; Eric Grossman, our Chief Legal Officer; Clare Woodman, who runs Europe, Middle East; and so on and so on. So, we have a lot of very talented executives. That'll be for myself, frankly, to help navigate that path, but these jobs are enormous jobs, whether it's CEO or President or COO of these global companies and we're one of the largest companies in the world. So I'm confident we'll end up in a great place, Mike.
James Gorman: Well, I think, Gerard, it's early. We need see the rule. The test -- there's one thing to listen and there's another thing to listen and act. The test is, once the regulatory community receives feedback from the industry groups, which are very coordinated, I will say, what input do they take into account? Frankly, how do we compare what the European banks have done on their own regulations? So, I think bringing the U.S. to sort of a gold plated European standard just doesn't feel to me like the right end outcome. I think we should do what's right for the U.S. financial system. Yes, I think they're listening. They've shown an interest in -- a strong interest in getting the feedback from the industry, the communities, the legislative bodies, et cetera. So -- but the proof will be in the putting. We'll find out over the next -- I don't know how long it will take the comment period. I'm assuming it could be a year or so. I mean, this is a big deal. Remember, Basel III Endgame first proposed in 2017, so it's taken six years to make its way in a small sailing boat across the Atlantic. And here it is. So, now we've got to decide what we like about, what we don't. So, I'm maintaining constructive tone, because I think everybody wants to end up in the right place. I don't happen to think and this is contrary to some people's views that the Silicon Valley, First Republic have a whole lot to do with this stuff, but that's a different discussion for later days. So, yes, I would hope and expect that they're going to listen, because they -- we should be listening to each other.
James Gorman: Well, I'm not going to go into more detail about the European banks. I was just observing that the system was set up many years ago under Basel European banks, some of which are fully compliant with it and some are not yet. And the country system was set up in the U.S. of CCAR. So, we've actually had a capital stress test system for at least, I don't know, 12 years or something. So that was simply the observation. On the operational risk standardized approach to risk weighted assets, yes, actually that is very clearly going to be in the proposal. That is the Basel III proposal and that is going to be in the initial readout. I think, from the U.S. proposal, where that ends up, I've made my position very clear on that. But tying standardized RWAs to fee-based business is not -- just doesn't make sense to me. So, up until now we've had idiosyncratic evaluation of specific bank operational risk and the regulators are trying to move a standardized approach. How they get there, when we get there remains a lot to be seen. A lot of work to be done on that.
Sharon Yeshaya: It will depend really -- Ebrahim, thanks for the question. It really depends on the deposit mix. And so, as I mentioned, there were encouraging signs in terms of that mix as we think about the back half of the quarter. But that liability mix, what's going on with sweeps will be the primary driver when you think about NII in the near term.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Let's take all of ISG first. So, when we think about what we've discussed a lot at length really about normal, post COVID has been for the overall ISG wallet to land between 2019 and 2020. Our view there broadly has not changed. In terms of where we expect ourselves to be, we've laid out a pretty clear sort of market share guidelines in terms of where we are from a wallet perspective. When you look specifically, you talked about fixed income, we've moved from 6% wallet share to 10% wallet share. So, I think the dramatic change that we've made in that business has really been around a client-centric franchise and making sure that we're there and able -- to be able to service our client base. What we talked about, as you highlight, is that there was less client activity for us this second quarter compared to last year's second quarter. But interestingly, as you mentioned, and you're right, we saw a dramatic change in that activity level, specifically in fixed income right after the debt ceiling debate. So, I think what we're looking to do is capture our fair share of the wallet. And that overall wallet in terms of normalization, we think will likely land between 2019 and 2020.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. Remember that, of course, advisory is always going to be lagged just because of the announcement. So, we're digesting the fact that we had a very muted or a dearth of announcements if we look back six, nine months. If we think about the last month of the quarter, we began to see more announcements. And we're seeing that really in sector-specific that have a strategic dialogue around them. So be that financials where you might see industry consolidation, energy where you're seeing transitional discussions and reasons to actually have strategic dialogue. So, what gives us confidence is that you're seeing a broadening out of those strategic dialogues. Our backlog is building, and we're seeing it across various sectors we're having both backlog and discussions. But it is fair to say that advisory will likely lag simply because you are dealing with a lagged announcement pipeline from the last six to nine months.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you so much, Glenn, for the question. And yes, I think referencing Andy's speech that he gave for those of you who may not be aware, is helpful because it is an asset-led strategy when we think about where we see expansion in that business going forward. This particular quarter, historically, over the long term, we've generally said no one channel is contributing to over 25% of NNA. Interestingly, this quarter, we did see the advisor-led channel was a big proponent. And more than that, it was -- what was a big production part of the funnel was the assets held away from existing clients. This has been a strategy that we've been talking about back 2015 through [Technical Difficulty] to give advisors more time to begin to not only prospect new clients, but also really offer their existing clients better advice. And so that's where I think you're beginning to see a lot of that work in terms of aggregating assets held away, and we continue to believe that, that's a real opportunity for us to grow our asset base.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. In terms of the shift in terms of moving out of sweeps into savings or seeing savings products, we still have over 80% of our actual deposit base is coming from our own client base. What's interesting in terms of the movement of sweeps, which might be your question, I'm not sure I'm totally answering it, Glenn, is that we began to see some of those sweeps not just -- remember, we used to see them move into money markets or other cash alternatives. In June, we began to see some of those dollars actually move into markets, so various assets. We hadn't seen that trend since January. So that just shows that some of the clients are actually also deploying excess cash or cash equivalents actually into the marketplace as well.
Sharon Yeshaya: So, Steve, the margin goals that we've given have been really around Wealth Management. I respect your point though, we have given larger efficiency targets for the firm. And so, there are places where you all puts and takes between ISG and I am. Remember, if we look back less than 18 months ago or so, we did -- we were close to 30% margins in the IM business. So, what we've seen over the course of the last year or so has just been the cumulative impact of the outflows associated with changes in what investor appetite was, particularly around active equity. But also just the asset levels themselves that are associated with market. What's important to us is the diversification of the platform and then continuing to invest in where we see real changes in that business. And I mean -- by that business, I mean more broadly in an industry landscape. So things like customization consistently, every quarter, regardless of what we've seen sort of on the top-line, we continue to see increased flows, net inflows on the customization product. You saw -- we talked about a solutions-based product this additional quarter. So, we're leaning into where we see industry opportunities. And as we grow assets, similar to us growing assets on the Wealth Management side, that should help support the margin for the Investment Management business, which we do see as a through-the-cycle business.
Sharon Yeshaya: There were some places where we benefited from the asset side. But as you know, we'll have to look at the ALM mix and it will be dependent on some of the market rates that we see going forward. So, unfortunately, there's not that much more clarity I can give you other than what is leading us as we go forward is largely that liability mix. And so that's the trend that will when we look out in the next couple of quarters is one of the biggest trends that will drive NII from here.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, that was largely just associated with the trading position. And as you know, it depends on many things, including what products you have, where they're booked, how they're booked and what type of instrument, and in addition, various types of funding costs. So, it's really the -- I think when we look and we manage the business specifically on the trading side given our portfolio and how we think about our bank versus just the broader broker dealer, et cetera, we don't manage it on an NII basis. When we're looking at NII, NII is clearly a driver from the Wealth Management side.
Sharon Yeshaya: Great question. We've looked a lot at fee based and thought about sort of as we think about the funnel. One thing that we highlighted to you last year, or last quarter rather, was that from the advisor-led side, we still had around 23% of those assets and cash and cash equivalents. That is a historical average of the last five years is around 18%. So, in our mind, a lot of it has to do with the way that people are looking at the markets right now. And the idea that when you're moving into a fee-based asset, specifically on the retail side, you are doing so and you're actually, obviously, actively investing in different market assets. And so what is encouraging is as I highlighted on, I think, to the question Glenn asked is that in the last month of the quarter, we began to see individual retail clients actually put that money into markets. So that's an encouraging sign, but we do think that a portion of that is market dependent.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. We've talked a lot in the last two quarterly updates around just the movement that we see in terms of channel migration is what we've called it. So, workplace assets that are then some portion of it is moved into the advisor-led side. And then, from that sort of as a core, you see assets held away beginning to come in. For the first three years that we had that, that number was around $150 billion, so call it $50 billion a quarter. And then, in the first quarter of this year, we were -- for that one quarter, we saw $28 billion. And when you look at the first half, we're largely running almost up to a full year rate of last year. And so, what that puts into account is we are seeing encouraging signs. We don't know exactly where that number will land, but obviously, it's trending in a good direction. And what it shows again is that workplace can begin to be sort of a seed to the conversation that people have with advisors. And you see that being 10%, 20% of the assets that are brought in through the migration, the other 80% or so are coming in from assets held away.
