Ruth Porat: Sure. We were pleased to see continued retail investor engagement in the fourth quarter, and that is reflected in higher transactional revenues. The integration process is moving very much on track. As you look at what does that mean and how do we look at the overall PBT targets, we're still very much focused on PBT of 20%. That's market dependent. And so, just a couple of pieces as you look through 2011 and beyond. First of all, retail activity was important. It helped drive the transaction revenues. I would caution you, there are fewer trading days in the first quarter of '11, that's relevant. But as we look forward, the market remains constructive, the building blocks to get to that 20% PBT margin are, to your point, completion of the integration and the drag that comes from the spend. But it's also a function of building up our Lending business, as we talked about before. Because with the Lending business, we have the benefit of driving a non-compensable revenue, which are an important part to reducing our overall compensation ratio in the business. The third element, the PBT margin expansion, is market dependent. We've said that. But just to give you a couple of data points that might be helpful. Every 100-point change in the S&P, we estimate impacts margin around 1%, all else being equal. And that's not looking at kind of investor psyche and reaction, but it's really more on the Asset Management fee side. Similarly, every 50 basis-point change in fed funds can impact margin around 1% as well. So it's really those elements completing the integration, building up the Lending business and market dependent that drives us to the 20% margin over time.
Ruth Porat: We're not going to do a forecastable forum. We're hoping to give you the pieces so that you can model with that yourself.
Ruth Porat: So this is a legacy exposure. It's going to take time to work out. The main point that we talked about repeatedly is we're not taking on new outside risks. We were a counter party in the trade, and we hedged our exposure with detail in the Q and of course the updated data in the K. But this quarter, the hedges went the other way on tightening monoline credit exposures, which is what resulted in the losses. So it was costly to hedge this quarter. You may continue to see a drag depending on market direction. The loss this quarter was $263 million, pretty much in line with last quarter.
Ruth Porat: Sure. First, at this point, our risk-weighted asset number is just an estimate. The final numbers will be in the K. But risk-weighted assets increased from $325 billion at the end of the third quarter to we estimate $328 billion at December 31. So to your point, it was a small move. It was really much more of a mix change that resulted in a modest change. And the Tier 1 common was a bit lower due to a higher DT8 [ph] (31:19) deduction.
Ruth Porat: So balance sheet was down this quarter. That was really much more about client activity than anything. And we still remain comfortable kind of in that $800 billion to $850 billion range that we're talking about. But the point about ROA is very important, and we are very focused on it. And to your point, it is about ensuring that we are redeploying capital out kind of the capital-heavier areas and putting them behind our core institutional money management business and sales and trading business. And in particular, on the sales and trading side, our view is as we continue to build out our footprint and our flow business, we're going to be able to drive a more efficient utilization of the balance sheet and we are very focused on ROA.
Ruth Porat: There are two elements very important, as we said. In Fixed Income, we're in the first of a two-year steady build, and it is about delivering consistency and dependability to clients which will increase our flow business and efficient utilization of the balance sheet. So that's one element of it. The other is we are systematically reducing the drag from legacy positions. Whereas we're moving into more of a Basel III world, we’ll be continuing to redeploy capital behind our core Sales and Trading business in the most efficient areas.
Ruth Porat: Well, as we said before, we remain very comfortable with respect to Basel, both capital and liquidity, and have capacity to absorb the new rules with parent capital, which is about $20 billion. Just to give you a bit of an update on Basel III, our RWA guidance is virtually unchanged, essentially unchanged, same zip code from the commentary after the third quarter. So if you take our RWAs at 12/31, take our balance sheet under Basel III, RWAs would be at $240 billion and then through passive mitigation, kind of through the end of 2012, it would be down about $100 billion. And I guess the other factors to layer in to how we think about Tier 1 common under Basel III, couple items affecting capital. First, we have as you know $7.8 billion of MUFG convertible to common, which is meaningful. We have the 14% Smith Barney buy-in in 2012 and the NCI associated with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. So if we take our consensus earnings, those factors, our 12/31 balance sheet under Basel III, and the ratio at the end of 2012 would be between 8% and 10%, which is why we say we're very comfortable with respect to Basel III.
Ruth Porat: So we, across the businesses, I think we've -- we gave you some more specifics on GWM. What we're looking for longer term is this PBT margin of 20%. Again, I'll give you the caveat, market dependent. But we're continuing to execute on that plan as I went through. On the Investment Management side, you saw the improvements in particular this quarter. And again, it's about building the core institutional, Money Management business and being -- efficiently redeploying capital out of Merchant Banking hedge funds, seed investments to support that core institutional business. And within our Institutional Securities business, we have real strength in Investment Banking and equities, where on our steady build within fixed income, it is about driving ROA. And I think in the aggregate, what we are looking at is, overall, we're very focused on what is ROE and delivering attractive returns for shareholders. So that's what we're driving. As James said, we're outstanding still on any of these businesses, driving execution across them.
Ruth Porat: We remain very confident and comfortable with the strategy. If we look at third-party data, it would suggest that we are gaining market share in a number of the businesses. Now the key is seeing that third-party data translate into greater results. And so, when we look at kind of the drivers of the business, in particular this quarter, we think that we're seeing signs of progress. We're pleased with the steps we're taking, continuing to execute against plan. But it was challenging being in a risk on, risk off market. And so, we had client activity but trading facilitation, market making was limited. And it is about both building up what we're doing, and we do remain very much on track, on point in that regard and having a bit of a more constructive market.
Ruth Porat: So overall, our investment pipelines do remain healthy across products and regions. It was a bit frustrating throughout the year to keep saying our pipeline is building, and it was just a question of time seeing the transactions moving through the pipeline, and I think you saw that in the fourth quarter. But the pipelines do remain healthy across products and globally. So on the M&A front, the pipeline's strong. We do expect a positive momentum that we experienced in 2010 to continue into 2011. We're seeing increased private equity activity and cross-border activity and emerging markets M&A. And it is very much about a lot of the factors we spoke about during the year, with high corporate cash balances and now, you know, with increasingly improved corporate confidence. And on the equity side, the backlog does remain strong. And again, it's around the globe. Asia remains strong, as does Europe and Latin America. We expect also to see more of the sponsor-led financing coming through the pipeline.
Ruth Porat: I think that we're looking for more of a -- we're not looking for a heroic move in the fixed-income market. We're looking for a more muted or a more predictable environment. So in contrast to what was a pretty stark risk on, risk off market this past quarter, the absence of that kind of whip saw is what we need. We have two things, really, the backdrop of the environment. And it is not as though we are looking for another 2009-type environment. What we are looking for is again this absence of the risk on, risk off that had, at its core, a lot of policy-related events that drove activity. And so, kind of a more benign environment, and that enables us to really close the gap we have within fixed income. So if you look across our Institutional Securities business, we have a top-tier Investment Banking franchise, a very strong institutional equities business. And what we're really just looking to do is close the gap within certain areas, not even across the board. Within certain areas of fixed income capitalizing on strengths we already have within fixed income.
Ruth Porat: Absolutely, good question. There are a couple of things I mentioned briefly. So to expand upon them, first, the average outstanding balance was up almost about 10% from the third quarter. There was a lot of interest in this product, so up almost about 10%. Second, the weighted-average maturity of the portfolio extended. And so, the change in the 10-year spreads played a bigger role. And then about 20% of the overall DVA was due to the option of extending maturity that's embedded in certain of the notes. So on the metrics, if you go to WAM, that moved nearly five years in the fourth quarter. It was three-and-a-half years when we last disclosed it in 2009. And so, again, focusing on the 10-year cash bond spreads this quarter, they tightened 56 basis points versus 27 in the third quarter. I'm glad you pointed out, it is cash bond spreads. Because the 10-year CDF was in only seven basis points. But that was a pretty meaningful narrowing. And to your point, with the WAM ex [ph] (0:45:43) moving out, it became more relevant to look at the 10-year.
Ruth Porat: So in our compensation, we did increase the deferral. But when we talk about deferred comp, we talk about both deferring cash and deferring stock. And so, the overall mix was pretty much the same with higher deferrals.
Ruth Porat: No. I think I've said it a couple of times now. This is the first of a two-year steady build. Colm left this seat a year ago. And we've been really building out the team. It does take time, but we are -- I'm going to repeat it, it's the first of a two-year steady build -- I apologize, completed the first of a two-year steady build.
Ruth Porat: No, there's not a connection. And in Institutional Securities, as you know, it's more of a -- NIM is more of a banking book than a trading book concept. And so, across [ph] (52:53) in Institutional Securities is really driven by our trading and derivatives activities that have an interest component. So we think of that business holistically, there's not a link between the NIM discussion we'd have there and the NIM in TW [ph] (53:03).
Ruth Porat: No. We do our tax planning annually. So if you just exclude the discrete items from 2010, the effective annual tax rate from continuing operations would've been about 28%. And as we look forward to 2011, we suggest that you look at the statutory tax rate. So it's about 35%. Something less than 35% would be the right way to look at it for 2011.
Ruth Porat: Again, the backdrop is our overall strategy in this area to free up capital and merchant banking activity [indiscernible] (54:27), we're continuing to do that. But with respect to FrontPoint specifically, we're continuing to restructure our ownership to a minority stake. Given the events last quarter and with the lower AUM, there were some changes to the deal terms. We did take a higher charge in the fourth quarter. It was $126 million, if I recall correctly.
Ruth Porat: I think you -- I went through the building blocks, and I think you've just articulated it well. Getting through the spend is an important part of it. We're still very much on track with the platform for the third quarter of this year and moving the Morgan Stanley FAs over the third quarter. We'll be training the Smith Barney FAs through the fourth quarter and starting to move over again next year. So there is some spend that continues. That's an important element of it, and building up the lending book, as we've talked about, is an important element of it to get comp-detectable revenues to increase. So again, driving towards that 20% PBT margin, over time, market dependent.
Ruth Porat: In fact, where we're more focused is that it really helps us have a very attractively diversified revenue stream by business and product and geography. And we've talked a lot on this call about capital. Some are more capital-intensive businesses like TWM [ph] (57:22), Banking, Asset Management, are more capital-light. So it's really, in the aggregate, the portfolio that is, in our view, one of the most important elements.
Ruth Porat: So on the monoline point, it is a legacy exposure. It's going to take time to work out, so I would just refer you to all the details that's in the K and was in the Q last quarter. In terms of your key issue there in terms of kind of the ongoing implementation in Sales and Trading, 2010 was about adding talent and structure around the way we cover clients and drive client relationships deeper. As we've talked about before, we have strength in a lot of our franchises across a lot of clients with this brand globally. And the strengths that we have, and it is just continuing to execute. And so, adding talent to a platform was an important element of it. But I wouldn't like to suggest we did one last year. We're doing the other this way. We had signs of market share improvement in the fourth quarter, as I said, that we are driving to  bottom-line results that we can talk about, hopefully, in the not-too-distant future. But we are consistently executing, adding talent and driving relationships across our clients, and that's really what's very important in the fixed income move,  closing the gaps in certain of the areas, building on the strengths in many of the others. Thank you, and thank you all for being on the call today.
Ruth Porat: Why don't I go ahead on that. As James said, as I said, we're in the first of a two-year steady build of that business. And as we've talked about in the past, our view is that we were subscale and although we had a good mix of structure solutions and flow business, we really needed to build out the flow business more. And that's really the conversation we've been having about rates and foreign exchange. And so, we built out that footprint, we're building flow. But when you look at this quarter, there's really a bit of a virtuous cycle with broader, deeper footprint allowing more efficient trading to support our client activity. And so really, with the buildout of our footprint, we're leveraging the strength we have across Institutional Securities with clients to drive those relationships deeper. But it is the first of a two-year steady build.
James Gorman: I'd just add also, we have an important Commodities business the last couple of years. Metals and agriculture have been major drivers of revenue for the industry. Our historic strengths have been in gas and oil. And I think as those markets are now starting to move, that business becomes more important to us.
James Gorman: My guess is there are two drivers behind that. One is the business wasn't owned for 12 months, in was owned for 7 months. So you get the impact of the $50-plus billion of deposits that sat on the Citi side, in addition to the $50 billion that sat on the Morgan Stanley side. So you get $100 billion per year. And the other is the growth in the lending businesses. You look at the margin book and I saw some of the online players reported their margin balances. They've grown pretty dramatically. We don't have as volatile a margin book as that. But clearly with the rising equity markets, our margin business has grown, and some of the leading and the spreads you get on the lending product that we've been building up.
James Gorman: Sure. The margin book is significant. But we've also -- we originate prime mortgages and small business loans and other things.
James Gorman: Guy, we are focused on balancing what we think is right for our shareholders and ensuring that we pay the right people the way we've got to pay them. The fact of the matter is, if we didn't have the revenues and we didn't have the earnings, we would have adjusted it through our compensation. We've been very deliberate and very focused on that. But we wouldn't do at a level where we thought we'd be putting significant risk into the franchise. We’re also aware that these businesses aren’t -- they don't start and begin on January 1 and close on December 31. They're multiyear processes. So we look at the total bag of earnings. We look at the various charges that we make. You could make arguments that you could extract legal reserves. You could extract restructuring of businesses, whether it be FrontPoint or other businesses. We look at the total mix, and then when we deal with what we've got on our net revenue base, that's how we think about comps. So I kind of cherry pick in that regard the CICC [ph] (0:48:12) as good revenue is generated through the wherewithal of folks at this firm, and that's something we felt very comfortable compensating on.
James Gorman: I wouldn't. I mean, as I look at the businesses, I think institutional securities. We hired about 70% of our total plan last year. We sort of pulled the curtain over at about in August. And there are a couple of areas where we didn't quite get done what we want to get done. And a couple of our support areas, particularly in Risk and Technology, where -- but these are very small numbers. In Wealth Management, I mean, we're carrying something like 2,000 contractors working on the integration. I think that's now pretty much, if not running at peak, pretty much at peak. And I think our financial advisor head count will stay in the band that Ruth put out, 17.5 to 18.5. It may be down a couple of hundred from this year, it may not be. I wouldn't draw too much from that one way or the other if it’s up or down as long as it stays in that band. And Asset Management, some of the merchant banking businesses, we've had a lot of success in Asia and in our Infrastructure business. But they're small numbers. So I think you're probably -- we haven't actually sat down and laid out our headcount plan for the firm. But I would say, the aggregate picture would be roughly flat. I'd be surprised if it's up much. We're certainly not anticipating any big riff or anything of that nature.
James Gorman: And the way we report it in Wealth Management, we manage it internally. There are two separate -- there's the BDP [ph] (53:10), the deposit spreads, and then there's the net interest margin on the core loan book.
James Gorman: I mean I know I a lot of folks are very curious about the margin as we are. To be honest, it doesn't give us a whole lot of anxiety. This business used to have under $6 billion of revenues and had 7%, 8% margin. And now has revenues of over $12.5 billion. So you understand fixed cost, you understand the arithmetic in some normalized markets. [indiscernible] (57:05). Frankly, that's not a big anxiety for us.
