James Gorman: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In the second quarter, we achieved 9% ROE reflecting the stability of many of our businesses, which offset a relatively difficult trading environment. In many ways, this quarter provided a robust test of our business strategy. Whilst many trading businesses are affected by benign markets, characterized by low volatility and the absence of meaningful macro events, other business lines demonstrative resilience. Investment banking showed continued strength, reflecting diversity of our global M&A and capital markets franchises. Investment management, saw asset inflows and solid performance across alternatives. As a result, this business saw improved revenues and returns. Wealth management performed at the high end of our 2017 target, achieving 25% pre-tax margin and a record profit before tax of over $1 billion. It is worth noting that in the first year after the acquisition of Smith Barney, wealth management generated approximately $1 billion to pre-tax profit annually. Compensation expenses are in line with our stated targets and higher accruals year-to-date reflect higher revenues. Non-compensation expenses, include one notable item, which Jon will take you through in a moment. Given the obvious headwind this quarter, we’re pleased to have generated respectable return to shareholders, albeit at the bottom-end of our target range. Of course with the firm now on solid footing, [performance] (Ph) could still materially improve in the years ahead assuming constructive markets. In addition, there are three tailwinds worth calling out, each of which has the potential to impact our long-term performance in a material and positive way, capital, tax reform and interest rates. On capital, this year through CCAR, we asked for and received approval to buyback up to $5 million of stock and increase our dividend to an aggregate of $1 per share annually. While we intend to invest in our business as opportunities present themselves, we’re determined to use any excess capital to continue to reduce our share count. Much has been told through adjustments as some of the Doug Frank rules that were put in place over the past eight years. It is fair to say that now is the time to make some practical changes for the multitude of regulations. These changes would allow U.S. banks to be greater engines of economic growth. Second, U.S. corporate taxes are too high. If the administration in Congress can achieve a sensible realignment of tax rates with other major developed economies, then that would be a clear positive for our business and corporate America in general. Finally, as the major U.S. depository we have endured historically low interest rates for a very long time. Each move when hiring rates assuming a measured path should benefit our business. In summary, in the second quarter we showed resilient in a challenging market. In a more favorable environment, we should see better results. More interesting to us though, of a long-term impact as some of the changes just described. We’ve built meaningful operating leverage in our business, while we remain cautious in the near-term, we launch our business mix and remain bullish on the long-term outlook for the firm. I will now turn the call over to John to discuss the quarter in greater detail. Thank you.
James Gorman: Sure Glenn. I think as I mentioned in the script, it was a combination of both. Clearly, we normally see in the second quarter PBT deposits going down, because of tax season. We also saw continued deployment into the markets. I don’t think, we have seen a lot of deployment into other cash product. So again from a competitive dynamic, I don’t think it’s a rate story, I just think it’s an opportunity story. We’ve started a couple of quarters ago initiating some other strategies around the deposits including premier cash management product and some CD products and we’ve got a couple of billion dollars in those products. So we feel good about the overall deposit franchise and the overall ability to fund that business as we continue to see growth in the asset side.
James Gorman: I think the best indication of how we feel about that is really looking at the NII line, which is as you know has been a very good story for us. All right, back in 2012, we had a $1.6 billion of NII in wealth business, last year was $3.5 billion grew more than $500 million. In February, we talked about what we thought we would see and we thought we would continue to see good growth in the NII line, albeit at a slightly slower pace. Year-to-date were at $2 billion, which is up over $340 million over last year. So again, we feel very confident about that story, it is reliant on the lending growth, which we saw a good growth across all the product this quarter. So we feel good about that, I think the composition is a little different, your comments about betas, generally the betas have lagged what we’ve modeled. So that’s been a positive, we’ve also, if you go back to the first quarter, remember what the curve looked like, I think we’ve gotten rate hikes faster than we thought back then. On the other side of the ledger, you just mentioned the deposits are down. So, we brought down the liquidity pool in the banks as well as started to use other savings and deposit products as well as some wholesale funding to support that business. And then lastly, we clearly, we didn’t model any pre-payment acceleration that we saw in the second quarter as rates went down. So on balance, we are very confident with where we are on NII and it’s been a good story, but the composition has been a little different.
James Gorman: I would just add on the leverage ratio, specifically, we have argued for a number of years and present to regulators for a number of years that the fact that a balance sheet growth during the time of financial stress is hard to understand how that happens. As such depreciate assets run off, new businesses not gathered, it would be hard to imagine in fact during the crisis in the years following of our own balance sheet obviously shrink dramatically both through our actions and through market activity. So the leverage ratio constraint is made more acute by the fact that the denominator is growing at I think it’s about 4.5% a year for the nine quarters. There being quite a lot of sympathy to that view that if we should look not at some blanket growth rate, but what actually experience was during the crisis and during other periods of financial stress. And I think that experience would largely hold up the balance sheet shrink. So if you just held our balance sheet flat for that time period, that would have a material impact on our leverage ratio. So I think there is certainly a good dialogue going on through the treasury white paper and with the regulators on that topic alone.
James Gorman: Guy, I’m surprise, it took somebody this many questions to get to let’s trace the targets discussion. We just went on the pre-tax margin a few questions ago. I think the short answer you know and it’s no. We’ve been pretty consistent, we took these targets for proof of business model for this year. We’re going to stay with them. We think, listen, we were - recall certain fourth quarter 2015, we were doing 500 million and 600 million in SIC first quarter of 2016, I think if memory serves its about 800 million. A billion dollar number on a study run rate basis is a good number with 25% less people much smaller organization, much more focused organization. If we consistently do better than that and that’s terrific. But I don’t think, the point of setting the target to establish, what we needed to prove to ourselves on an average run rate for the business to justify the expenses in capital balance sheet that we put behind it at that level. Everything we do better than that with the same expenses capital and balance sheet is obviously a gift.
James Gorman: Let me tell start with and Jon might want to add to it. First and foremost this is a capital question. We believe, we are over capitalized. There were good reasons for that several years ago as we were coming out of those financial crisis, we had a dividend of $0.05 a quarter, we’ve raised that four years in a row to $0.25. Our initial buyback program was zero then went to $500 and it’s now all the way up to $5 billion over five year period. And our payout ratio is closing in on 100%. So we clearly believe that we are over capitalized and for good reasons we were coming off the crisis and we needed to shore up our defenses. There is plenty of opportunity for business expansion with the amount of capital we have today. The more fundamental issue is what is the right level of capital this firm should hold. Are we holding too much capital, because the way the leverage ratio is being constructed, what is the right denominator for the SLR, in fact what is the right ratio. In Europe it’s 3% of the balance sheet and that the growth of balance sheet. In the U.S. they took the [indiscernible] balance sheet ratio of 5% and attached it to this SLR balance sheet from Europe. So we sort of ended up with a fairly [draconian] (Ph) answer. I think let’s start with number one, if the trades in other type securities can be taken out of the SLR that obviously make sense. Number two, to not gross up the balance sheet under the core leverage ratio make sense. And I think we have capacity at that point both for further capital distributions and for sensible business growth. You saw the RWAs bounce a little bit this quarter, that was consistent with sensible business growth, there was opportunity clearly Tier-1 capital ratio is another constraint or no way near it. So that’s the RWA constraint is not there for this firm at the moment.
James Gorman: I’m trying to remember all the aspects of the report, but I actually can’t do off the top of my head. I think clearly, I think there is a general recognition from the regulators all the way through the treasury that the Volcker Rule as it play out overtime straight a fair bit distance from Paul Walker initially envisaged, which was a simple restriction on the amount of capital put into proprietary invest and proprietary trading and but then frankly constrained on the ability of institutions to make markets and effective market liquidity. So I think the treasury reports spoke about that. There was reference to the fact that the banks are required to continue their payouts, not withstanding there in the period of financial stress for nine quarters, no bank board would authorize continuing on buyback program during a financial crisis, that clearly wouldn’t happen. You could holding the dividends static, but certainly the buyback shouldn’t be and that would have material effect on the institutions. So our approach has been and we’ve talked about this somewhat publicly recently, let’s focus on a few things that don’t require major legislative change, let’s see the basic architecture of Dodd-Frank in place. Let’s focus on some sensible changes, because we’ve now had eight years of experience and digest and see what worked and what didn’t. And the cumulative effect of a lot of these regulations in some cases end up if you will with a double counting. And I think the spirit of the treasury report reflected that. I think they are focused on sensible pragmatic change, they are not focused on trying to redo the whole legislative agenda. And I think that’s the right approach.
James Gorman: I would just like to add to that because it’s an important question. We actually saw this maybe once before in 1999 when the direct players came out and the big fear was cannibalization. That would only have held true if people actually didn’t value the financial advisors and advice that we’re getting from those advisors. And it didn’t play out that way. The reality is the marketplace has different segments based on consumer preference and I think the digital strategy makes all the sense in the world. That’s clearly a segment whether they change their behavior as they become wealthy remains to be seen. But there is clearly a segment that wants to deal digitally just as so the segment that wanted to deal through direct brokerage trading and so on. But on the price sensitivity, it’s interesting, I think I’m right in this. If you look at the average basis points paid from the various robo platforms, they range in general like things from something like 20 to 40 basis points. If you look at the average basis points for a full service advisory like us, just divide our revenue into our assets including everything, you get somewhere in the 70s, low 70 basis points. So the value added of the financial buys and the institutions behind it and the research, the product offering, the new issued calendar you could argue is being putout there for 30 to 40 basis points. It’s not clear to me that, that is such an expensive gap that that’s going to lead to the cannibalization issues. I think it’s more that we just need a very compelling digital platform to deal with clients who want to deal with Morgan Stanley, but want to deal with us digitally and don’t want to deal through a traditional wealth management advisory relationship. That’s an exciting opportunity for us, frankly given our brand and add technology capabilities.
James Gorman: Chris, we don’t have complete excess to the fed models as I think you know. The construction of operating risk capital, the various stress falls that are in there, counter party risks, how the trading book is managed, how you derive your PP&I, there is a hell of lot of stuff that goes into this. Our own submission was 45,000 pages. And frankly looking back at this point, I don’t think that’s going to be very valuable. The regulators and treasury are all focused on how to make both the models more transparent, the process more transparent and to make some sensible adjustments for it. So honestly I may not to be equipped about it, but I sort of don’t care what the past was. What I do care is that our distribution this year approved to is about $6.8 billion and five years ago it was $400 million. So let’s start with that one and number two, let’s see what changes comes through, we may all be pleasantly surprised, we may be in the same place we’re in, but we’re operating now currently with about 100% pass. So I would let this one play out a little bit and see what comes out of the treasury efforts.
James Gorman: I think you are torturing yourself by looking it backwards. Honestly, I wouldn’t do it. Focus on the big picture here. The big picture is, we distributed $400 million five years ago, we’re distributing $6.8 billion now and there’s the full review of the whole capital process being undertaken right now.
James Gorman: I’m really not sure what else I can say. We have consistently increased that capital payouts while the tests become consistently more severe, we’re now at a 100% payouts, by definition, any excess capital we have and gating constraint was the leverage ratio this year and we were above the gating constraint after we did our distribution, so by definition we are carrying excess capital. And our view is that, the way we calculate our capital needs to run our business, we continue to have excess above that, but we’re waiting for the outcome of the white paper and the various efforts from the regulators to see what changes take place, there are clearly going to be changes. How favorable they are and to what extent they fit Morgan Stanley remains to be seen is not going to be productive to try and guess that.
James Gorman: You know I don’t think it probably serves us well to get a head of that discussion with the regulators and others. I think the current regulatory environment anticipates for the G-Sifi banks at payout ratios of something like 30% and for some of the smaller institutions I think they’ve gone higher than that maybe up to 40%. Whether that changes, you know post all the work being done, I don’t know we’re not at the 30% of this point. I think we’re close to it. So one way to think about our business which is I thought about it for a while the wealth management business is almost like a yield stock. So you can imagine the dividend coming out of wealth management earnings and obviously the institutional businesses are more volatile overtime. So they are more capital distribution businesses or capital investment businesses. But I don’t know Gerrard that we want to change what the targets that are currently being given to us by regulators.
James Gorman: Listen, these are big organizations. Our major competitors each have, I don’t know 10,000 to 15,000, 16,000 advisors. if you have 1% attrition that’s three-people a week. So it’s not like going to have movement, you’ll always have moment Chris. I think what’s changed structurally with the industry is frankly, there are fewer competitors, if you think Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley is now a composites that includes Dean Witter Reynolds & Company, Robinson, Humphrey, Legg Mason, Smith Barney, Shearson, Hutton. And probably some that I’m missing, all of which use to compete against each of it, recruit against each of it. So it’s a consolidated industry, the big and small films continue to recruit, there are fewer numbers, all that I think the deal structures have become shall I say more sensible, there was a bit of a crazy period there. So, yes, but there will always be some recruiting and that make sense to many people ever right to getting work whether want to work.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure I’ll try. You know I think the way I would look at it is the results clearly just reflect the environment that we were operating in. if you look over year-over-year the results are pretty flat. So, when we look at the individual product mix, as I did mention our rates business given the low volatility is down, yet our FX did a little bit stronger particularly in the emerging market areas. Credits were hung in there, less movement in credit spreads this quarter, but again comparable type of results in light of effected the year-over-year results were essentially flat. So we feel good about the business, commodities are also down a little bit, less activity and a tighter trading band there, but the results reflect the moves and the changes that we made and the results reflect that the business is really starting to come together and jelling and I think we feel pretty good about the results in light of the environment.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, listen the commodity business that we have has been totally reshaped and resized, more traditional sales and trading supporting our client base. It’s a smaller contributor for us. So the movements are not that dramatic.
Jonathan Pruzan: Listen, I think you highlighted what we think is driving that margin. Right now, with the rates and higher markets those are good trends that will drive our asset base fees as well as our NII, our lending growth has been solid, I think the one area of potential volatility or softening is around transactional. We are heading into the summer months, but again, I think the tailwinds for this business are very good. We saw really nice operating leverage here, we saw really nice growth across all products in the lending book and we feel very good about the results, I mean the PBT at $1 billion plus is obviously a record and it’s a really important contributor to the overall franchise.
Jonathan Pruzan: On the first part of the question I think clearly the reform around SLR would be helpful for a variety of reasons whether or not it’s our binding constraint this quarter or next quarter is certainly not a foregone conclusion. So there could be some benefit from that but we also think there is just general benefit with that calculation in terms of what it means for their overall sales and trading businesses. But I do think there are several changes have been discussed or that are being discussed that would clearly help our position including around the balance sheet and how you think about capital actions going forward. So I think it’s a little early on 2018 CCAR to sort of have a prediction, but clearly we were pleased with the results, if you look back at year ago where we were versus what came out of the report a couple of weeks ago with a 100%ish payout and a 33% increase in capital return and a clean report we’re very pleased.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. A couple of things. So on the VaR metric, obviously the 51 million was the average for the quarter. If you have queue, it was actually 57 at period end at March 31. So that actually came down overtime and it has actually continue to come down and the spot period end will be lower than the 51 that we said. On the RWA comments, actually some of the calculations are daily average volumes, some of them 12-week averages. And the VaR metrics are important in those calculations. So I think the same trend that we’ve seen in the VaR would be consistent in terms of how we finished out quarter end in that metrics. With the ratio that we have at CET1 even at the 16 or 59 level, we’re still obviously very, very strong in terms of our capital positions.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I think that your description of what we’re doing on the digitalization and the robo strategies is pretty accurate. Listen, we have a business that is built to cater to clients with wealth. Those wealth clients want advice, they want personal advice, we’re seeing it as we see the brokerage fee base flows coming out of brokerage into the fee based accounts. Obviously digital is going to be an important part of that strategy, but the digital only client is not someone right now that would generally be interested in the types of products and services that we have. We think the digital strategy is going to be important for both revenue opportunities longer term but also optimization and efficiency around what happens in a branch and how we free up people’s time to spend more time with their clients. So overall it’s a strategy that’s going to be built for the longer term but the thesis of our business is around providing people with personnel advice around their wealth and their planning.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. Well, I think, as you know, we’ve been preparing for a while both in terms of dialogues with clients, but also systems and technology related investments that we needed to make. But I would tell you, it’s going to be very hard to estimate what the impact of this is. Any time you have a change of this magnitude where you just sort of flip a switch. We would expect the potential for disruption to be pretty high, how would affects longer term structural markets, it’s still up in the air, we’ve global clients to already doing this. We have global clients, so we’re going to probably adopt it in all the markets. Even though, we don’t expected to be adopted in the U.S., we have some clients [indiscernible] off that European operation. So how it all plays out is certainly unclear. But given the fact that we are number one in the world in this business and we have a full service platform and intellectual capital and product. There is consolidation in a number of counter parties. We would expect to participate in that, but I think it’s a little early to make a call here and trying to estimate the impact is also probably a little early to make a call.
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, we were very pleased with the results. We had the same issue last year around DFAS and people sort of concerned with our outcome and about 100% payout ratio continue to increased capital return, part of our core strategy. We clearly have de-risked the balance sheet or RWA density is lower and basically every other firm out there, which is why you see some of that disparaging percentages. If you look at the leverage base ratio, as you get a slighter different picture. We clearly had de-risk, we’ve got and you’ve seen that through the dollar amount of losses that we’ve seen over the last several years have come down. We have met our strategic objective of increasing capital return. We still think we’re capital sufficient. When we came out in January of 2016 with that statement. We said, we were capital sufficient, we did not want to grow our equity base, we have grown our equity base a couple of billion dollars, but we’ve also supported our businesses and grown our balance sheet by $50 billion. So we’ve increased capital return and we’ve increased the size of the balance sheet and we feel very comfortable with our capital position.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I don’t think we have much more visibility than anyone else in this area. I think the thing that sometimes people fail to recognize is we obviously have this white paper and if you think about it, we are actually going to enter a period of refinement and adjustment to regulations versus where we were a year ago, where our expectation was incremental regulation for periods of periods of periods of time to come, we’re clearly going to be in a better place. Now how that plays out and what timeframe and what the actual changes are, it’s very hard to predict, but we are clearly entering a different period going forward that we have been in the last eight years.
Jonathan Pruzan: I’m just flipping to page five, give me a second here. Okay, I think the changes in the corporate book are really around the size of the event book in sort of the event activity as well as some just overall management of the relationship book. The real story for us is as you mentioned has been in the wealth business as we continue to increase the penetration of our client base with lending products. The growth has been very good across all of our three core products the SPL, the mortgage and tailored lending. And we feel like we’ve got good momentum in the growth last quarter at $3.5 billion was pretty balanced across the business a little bit more skewed towards SPL and tailored versus mortgage given what happened in rates, but again that lending story we feel very good about, our levels of penetration of how many of our clients have lending products is still probably a bit below peer level. So we expect or feel good about the ability to continue to grow that and that’s been a real key driver to our wealth business.
Jonathan Pruzan: I’ll go first on the second part of your question, which is the retention payments conclude in first quarter of 2019. Obviously, it’s a function of numerator and denominator, but 1.5% increase is a reasonable approximation and obviously that will drop directly to the bottom-line. In terms of the attrition in the recruiting that we’ve seen is clearly slowdown and that is obviously helpful both in terms of just ins and outs. The expense associated would bring in new FAs, but also when a FA leads generally they’re book goes with them or a good chunk of their book goes with them. So just lower levels of recruiting and lower levels of attrition has been overall helpful to the business.
Jonathan Pruzan: The simple answer is yes to all of those. Very strong quarter, the growth was across all of the regions, particularly stand out being EMEA, given some of seasonality there. Balances are up, we continue to invest in the balance sheet. And so, again it’s been a very good story for quite some time, it’s the full service platform and our clients have been very responsive to that.
Jonathan Pruzan: I would say that, first of all its very early in the third quarter, point number one. I would say that’s a IBD pipeline, it’s clearly healthy into the third quarter. I think if we look specifically advisory, it’s probably down slightly. But overall, the equity and, debt underwriting remains healthy. IPOs backlog is healthy and broad and activities picked up really nicely here. So again a healthy environment. We are going into the summer months, so we’ll have to see how that impacts us as well as all of the sort of policy uncertainty, uncertainty that we talked about in the past. But right now, pretty healthy.
