James Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everybody. Before handing the call over to Ruth, I just want to make a few comments about our performance this quarter and importantly, how that balances our strategic direction. Speaking that we've just completed a Board meeting in Tokyo with our partners, MUFG, and I'm pleased I was able to make it back in time to join this call. When I became CEO about 18 months ago, I had a list of 10 or so important steps that we felt needed to be achieved in order to restore Morgan Stanley to the strong financial position we have enjoyed so much by history. Chief among those were enhancing the already-strong performance and client focus of our Equities, Banking and Capital Markets businesses; improving share and performance in fixed income; successfully integrating MSSB while growing assets, revenues and margins; derisking Asset Management to focus on our core institutional and merchant banking activities and then growing from that base; selling or shutting down the pure proprietary businesses that we had pre-crisis; resolving legacy balance sheet issues; increasing our liquidity; and importantly, achieving an early conversion of the MUFG-preferred security with the 10% coupon. Our progress has, at times, been uneven over the past 6 quarters, and the shifting regulatory landscape has made it challenging to anticipate required capital and liquidity levels. Our single-minded focus has been to drive forward against these goals and in so doing, shorten the list. In a moment Ruth will walk through the segment results, but let me touch on a few key items. Equities, Banking, Capital Markets are in great shape. The results reflect it, and we have achieved several high-water marks this quarter. In fixed income, despite a very complicated challenging market, our teams delivered solid performance and we are improving client connectivity, and the results demonstrate it. In GWM, revenues, flows and assets were all strong. However, we remain very focused on expenses in this business. Margins must improve and do so soon. Finally, the MUFG conversion has received relatively modest attention, but in our view, was a breakthrough from Morgan Stanley. By converting the security at the cost of 75 million shares or approximately $1.7 billion, we have permanently removed a $780 million annual drag on our earnings while simultaneously increasing Tier 1 common by approximately $8 billion. Just as importantly, we have enhanced the alignment with our Japanese partner. The most recent evidence of which was taking our whole Board to Tokyo to meet with them. By them now applying equity accounting to our earnings, MUFG prospers when Morgan Stanley prospers. Thus, we have great incentives to combine our resources and client contacts to drive incremental results and leverage both balance sheets, including the joint commitment of $30 billion in our global lending joint venture since inception. These are unquestionably challenging markets, but our focus is and must be on methodical and resolute forward progress, with an ever-increasing eye on those things which we do control, in particular driving greater penetration with our clients while leveraging our global platform, as well as stringent cost management, including the firm-wide expense reengineering program Ruth discussed extensively at the recent conference and will discuss, no doubt, more through the course of this call. Let me turn it back to Ruth.
James Gorman: Well, firstly, Howard, I think about this 2 chapters. The first chapter is to build ourselves into a fortress position, where we have the capital at the levels that we should have capital. That's been our focus, not just with the MUFG conversion in this quarter. Obviously, it's a mandatory conversion with the CIC last August and with the various accretive quarters that we've had in between. So game #1 was put ourselves in a position of strength so that we do have options. Clearly, with the stock trading where it is, we're not stupid. We evaluate those options on a continuous basis. We have, with Smith Barney, the ability to purchase the next 14% in May of 2012. So approximately 12 months from now is the first opportunity, but it is an open-ended option. We don't have to move at that date if, obviously, we felt that there was a better use of capital at that point in time. That's something that we constantly evaluate, Ruth and I and the management here talk about all the time. We do intend to run the Smith Barney business. But we built flexibility into the negotiation when we purchased this back in early '09 for exactly this kind of purpose. So Ruth may want to add on that broader capital planning, but we are focused on both long-term strategic intent and short-term optimization of our capital structure.
James Gorman: I just want to add, Glenn, I just want to add something to that, and I've said this before. Leadership really matters in these businesses. And I think Kenny is doing a terrific job. We're fortunate to have somebody that experienced coming back into that role. And the team around him, we really have a team on the field now that can get this job done. But it takes some time. The SRM program we've built up, the connectivity that we're seeing through the surveys, the integration with TIPIC [ph] and the team in equities is very important, and it's a series of small steps.
James Gorman: I just want to -- Glenn, on this, the way I think about it is every month that we go through this integration is a month that we're not spending in the future. In other words, we're one step closer. And at the same time, Greg Fleming, Jim Rosenthal and the team working on the integration with Baricocoin [ph] are looking at beyond the Smith Barney piece which occurs, as Ruth said, early, middle part of next year. What else we really need to do to get ourselves faster to the finish line? So we've taken aggressive relook at the back end of some of the integration steps.
James Gorman: Can I just go back to your question on flows? Because we're kind of an inflection point here in the industry. You're right in the observation against the online players. The full-service firms typically have much larger outflows in the second quarter because of tax season. But a more sort of strategic issue is what is the quality of the assets? And I've noticed at least one of our competitors has stopped reporting net new money. What really matters is the net new annuitized money and the revenue that you generate on annuitized assets versus transaction assets. So that will be an increasing part of the conversation going forward.
James Gorman: I mean again, we haven't quantified that. But that will be the work that gets done once you're all on one platform.
Ruth Porat: No, I think you framed it well in your question. We have been on the view that we can increase market share by about 2% initially and continue to build from there. And really, what we're doing is building share back to levels where it was historically, back to where it was when Kenny was running the business previously, more in line with business, our other businesses. And so we're gaining traction with clients. I think we're seeing that. Third-party surveys are underscoring that. And with respect to VAR, we're basically running at levels we have historically. And I think notably, we ended the first quarter at VAR pretty close to these levels, saw strength continuing with clients throughout the quarter. It did come down at the end of the quarter. In fact, end-of-quarter VAR was 129, because we really saw clients starting to back away from the markets with the ongoing uncertainty, in particular, in Europe. But this is very much, I think, a continuation of building up the franchise.
Ruth Porat: Absolutely. So EMEA, obviously, is an important market for us, and we've been focused on managing our exposures in the periphery for quite some time. The net funded exposure to the peripherals, Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Italy and Spain is about $2 billion. This includes exposure to sovereigns, corporates and financial institutions. It does exclude the benefit of any peripheral sovereign collateral and hedges purchased from peripheral banks against peripheral risk. And our gross exposure's about $5 billion. Both net and gross exposures exclude unfunded loans and any overnight deposits, and we'll have more details on all of this in the Q.
Ruth Porat: So a couple of things. First, overall fixed income and commodities performance was very much affected, as I noted, by the activity in the commodities market. We have a strong team in commodities. It's historically been a very strong business for us, but was down meaningfully relative to last quarter and relative to prior periods. And as we've talked about in the past, our commodities business is really a mix of 2 businesses, structured solutions for clients and flows. And usually, that diversification helps us, but both were weak in the second quarter. And so we had the results was trading was lower. And the clients' side, the lack of trending volatility prevented consumers and producers to commit to hedging. So revenues, while positive, were down quite significantly quarter-over-quarter. And the lower levels in commodity really masked, we think, the relative progress across the balance of the fixed income franchise. So we're continuing to do what we've talked about in the past. We're focused on consistent progress. We said it would take some time to continue to build up our share in fixed income but are pleased with the progress we're making. And the hiring we did is, I think, a core part of it. We have the team in place, and they're continuing to focus on driving share.
Ruth Porat: Actually, the rates business is up first half over first half. It was down off of what was a very strong first quarter. But we're overall very pleased with the performance across our desks.
Ruth Porat: We've talked for a very long time about the platform being completed built by the third quarter of 2011 and moving all of the Morgan Stanley financial advisors onto the platform by the end of the third quarter of '11. And here we are in the third quarter, and we're very much on track for that, so pleased with that. The next step is training the Smith Barney financial advisers, moving them on to the platform. That will begin at the end of this quarter and goes through mid-next year, and so very much on track with the integration. We're continuing to spend. It was, I think, $98 million integration spend this quarter. But to your question, one of the key elements to increasing profitability across Morgan Stanley Smith Barney is completion of the integration, and this is a very important milestone.
Ruth Porat: We think of really the expense management as a 3-legged stool. There's the tactical expense management, which we continue to do, and as James just noted, was were very focused across our businesses. But in particular, Greg is really pushing hard within Morgan Stanley Smith Barney to help drive margin. There is the office of reengineering that we've spoken about previously, which is really stepping back from some of the more tactical, cost-cutting initiatives and looking at what broader changes we can make in the way we're addressing spend. For example, more meaningful looks at what we're doing in technology, where can things be outsourced more efficiently, what can we do on legal entity structure, a whole host of initiatives that we've identified, built-up, bottoms-up to the office of reengineering and established $1 billion run rate savings over 3 years coming from that leg of the stool. And then we're very focused on headcount. So as I indicated previously in the year, making sure that we're quite focused on reducing, in particular, underperformers. As I noted, our headcount was down amongst FAs in Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. We're having that same kind of discipline across the business. And obviously, that's not just compensation expense but every employee has a multiplier effect with them. They're in the building, they use data, there are a whole host of things that go along with it. So that kind of control over headcount, it's really those 3 that drive, will drive noncomp and comp control. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. All right.
Ruth Porat: Well, starting with equities. I think there's a lot of -- it's the best reported quarter since 2008. And that really was with broad strength and with the backdrop of anemic industry volumes. So the data we've looked at underscores that we're gaining share really across the globe. And I think it's really a testament to the great job the team is doing. But we saw improvement in our prime brokerage franchise. We continued to see strength, again, across products in a challenging market, but it really goes to the strength of the franchise. Our Delta One business, although revenues were lower in line with the decline on industry volumes, what we're seeing is share is up. And similarly, in our Derivatives business, we're seeing strong client flows. So it is, I think, is evidenced by the numbers. They speak for themselves. In terms of share, we're doing well across the board. And in fixed income, again, what we're seeing is greater activity, greater flow. The data that we've looked at goes more to some of the qualitative factors. We're having greater traction with clients. They're turning to us more. And again, I think what you'll see when everyone reports is it will be our best way to have a proxy for what overall is the share. We've targeted 2% market share growth. And the way we measure our progress is we look at the top 9 players globally and just take our revenues relative to the entire pool. And we look forward to the rest of our peers reporting, so we can try and quantify that answer.
Ruth Porat: So strategically, we think the portfolio of businesses we have is a potent combination. And we have exited a number of businesses, and as you've seen over the last couple of years. And we're very focused on the kind of the symbiotic nature between what we're doing on the institutional origination and distribution side on the one hand and retail distribution on the other. And within Institutional Securities, the ability to deliver across products for our clients. So I would say on that, we're very pleased with the portfolio of businesses we have. And within our Investment Management business, we see opportunity for growth given the performance of across a lot of the funds and the power of this brand around the globe. So as it really goes to the second part of your question, or maybe it was the first part of your question, what else can we be doing with respect to our cost structure? We have 3 legs of the stool. We're very focused on each one of those legs, the tactical expense, the strategic through the office of reengineering and headcount, and making sure we're doing what we can to drive returns across the business. I would say, as an example, in sales and trading, when we announced our hiring program over a year and a half ago, we were very careful to point out that we were looking to hire to narrow the gap to our peers but not to close the gap to our peers. In fact, back then, we talked about having headcount that was maybe 20% to 25% lower than our peers, with the view that they would come down to us rather than us going fully up to them. And so what we're very pleased about is we have a strong cohesive team that's making progress on our market share goals. And I think that's part of the reason you're not hearing comments like that from us, because we never, we didn't close that gap fully.
Ruth Porat: So Tier 1 common would be around 6.5% to 7% under Basel III at the end of the second quarter, the range really being depending on the treatment of the MSSB NCI of $4.3 billion. And of course, that's looking at our balance sheet as of the second quarter. There's no benefit for any mitigation that -- past mitigation or anything that would roll off over time.
Ruth Porat: No real change. We're comfortable with the prior guidance of about $480 billion risk-weighted assets by year-end 2012.
Ruth Porat: So the integration spend has been running at about 80 to 100 a quarter. And we will continue -- we've finished the technology platform this quarter and moved the Morgan Stanley FAs over, as I said. But we are continuing to spend as we go through the training of the Smith Barney FAs and running in parallel to ensure data quality, data integrity through kind of mid-next year. And so you really start seeing the benefit of the integration spend rolling off more towards the back half of next year.
Ruth Porat: So to be clear, as I said, it starts rolling off because we continue to do -- we get the Smith Barney FAs moved on, on the second half of -- or at the end of the first half of next year. And then we have incremental work with the Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management system, but it's rolling down through next year.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So we adjusted -- we obviously adjusted the hedges. If we had not adjusted the hedges, we would have had losses again this quarter. And so the risk management around this was an important part of the story and the outcome. I think more broadly within our Securitization business, if you're asking about mortgages, that is consistently a very strong business for us. We traded and risk managed well in what was a difficult market. We were off from a very strong first quarter that was driven by client demand, but still had good performance in that business and are really pleased with the work the team did in what was a challenging market.
Ruth Porat: So as we've said in the past, we constantly evaluate the position and adjust the hedges. And we'll continue look at the position and assess where we think it's best to be and where we kind of where we think the position of the markets will be.
Ruth Porat: Well, overall, we have a very strong business in Asia across Sales and Trading, Banking. I think one of the points though to focus on quarter-over-quarter is we did have the loss in MUMMS, at our MUMSS joint venture last quarter. So when you normalize through that, we're basically in line. But I guess again, it goes -- the strength that we saw is because of cost of the businesses, Sales and Trading and Investment Banking. Europe was strong in our equity underwriting area, as I noted, large rights issues and IPOs. But fundamentally, it was a tougher market in Europe with the backdrop of the European sovereign crisis.
Ruth Porat: I think the strength of it, as I've already noted, was that we had breadth across products and around the globe. And so that's an important part of the franchise. I'd say on our Prime Brokerage business, the revenues were up meaningfully versus the prior quarter. But as I noted, balances were up only modestly. And what we're really focused on within Prime Brokerage is the adjacencies across the equity franchise. So we think that's, again, this notion of connecting the dots across the business and the benefit of really leveraging what we have across Morgan Stanley, and you see that in these numbers because even in a market with lower industry volumes and cash equities, our business is continuing to do well.
Ruth Porat: So it's obviously a topic that's in flux. But the way we think about it is we expect our to SIFI buffer will be around 2%, based on the guidance we've heard. We are hoping we get some final clarity resolution by year end. And our view is that although there are theoretical kind of phase-in through 2019 from everything we've seen so far, we think the market will expect us to be at those types of levels much sooner than the kind of 2019 Basel grid. And so we're looking to run closer to that number sooner. And our expectation is that with much higher capital levels, not only has the required percentage changed, but obviously, both the quality of capital and the calculation of risk-weighted assets is different, so it's meaningfully higher, which means that our buffer on that number appropriately could run at a lower level at about 50 or 100 basis points. I think we're still trying to assess what level's appropriate. But I think the added factor as we think about it, and very much to James' point, is we continue to operate in a very uncertain environment. The macro backdrop is uncertain. And we think that having this type of very strong capital position does give us some flexibility, which is important. Strong capital and strong liquidity really provide a kind of fortress foundation, and it give us the flexibility as we get greater clarity on what is the SIFI buffer, what is the phase-in to then assess what's the best next step and the most optimized views of that capital to drive returns.
Ruth Porat: No, I think what we're most focused on is -- what's an appropriate price is in the best interest of our shareholders, and that's really the factor that would drive what's the adjustment to book value. It's not really an RWA, kind of an RWA concept as much.
Ruth Porat: So our VAR was, overall, in line with where we've been running it for the, as I noted, for kind of since fourth quarter '09. And similarly, in the credit rates line, you'll see the same kind of trend. I think what's notable is at the end of the first quarter, we were running with VAR above $134 million. And the average this quarter was up some from that but came down at the end of the quarter. And so our ending number was $129 million. Why? Because it was really towards the end of the quarter, really in June, we started seeing more concern amongst investors with the ongoing issues, in particular, in Europe. So we had good activity. And I think, our view very much across the franchise is that what clients expect of us is content with a point of view and that we put balance sheet and risk around that to facilitate trading where it makes sense. And I think in particular, in times like this, they're looking for a point of view and that's what our team is very much focused on. So the volumes that you saw coming off of the first quarter persisted for a good part of the second quarter, and then came down towards the end of the second quarter.
Ruth Porat: Revenues were positive. And this was something where, again, it was business leaders' view based on activity they were seeing with clients, which was quite muted given the -- what was going on in the broad markets. Everyone basically stepped away from that market. So on the flow side, as I noted, given the dramatic swings that were going on, in particular in oil, energy, were strong. It really drove a lot of the activity to the sidelines. And similarly, there wasn't much on the hedging side given what was going on in the market. So this was very client-driven, less activity really stepping back from the market after what transpired throughout the quarter.
