Tom Faust: Yes. We have said and this was - you may have seen this and there were a couple news articles that came out last week on this topic, but we have said publicly that for broker-dealers that are at the front of the line that are early in embracing NextShares, where they have some level of what strike us as reasonable estimates of their internal costs to implement those systems that we will help pay for that. At the moment, I would say that is included in the current estimates. We have said approximate $8 million of spending this year. Clearly, we do not have a huge amount of room in that for paying lots of six-figure bills, which is where we think this will be, but for the right partner, for the right broker-dealer, we want to take this issue off the table by providing financial support that conversion. To me, this should not come as a big shock. There has been, I would say, pretty extensive involvement over the years of financial partnership and financial support between fund companies and broker-dealers. This is just one element of that that's new and different here, because there is really no precedent for up a product structure of this of this type, so just to repeat, yes, we do intend to offer selected broker-dealers who are motivated to be first movers that we will contribute to their development costs on converting their systems to accommodate trading in NextShares. It is our hope and expectation at this point that that will fit within our current budget numbers for the year, but for the right advisor, for the for the right broker-dealer firm, we would certainly be willing to make this worth their while and part of that is certainly the conversion economics.
Tom Faust: In the call slides, Slide #11, is listing and I think, this is in order of the leading areas of the contribution for the quarter. This is not just in fixed income, but several of these are fixed-income categories and I can comment on the ones that were in fixed income. I believe I said that, within fixed income we had at least $400 million of contribution from four areas. Those being cash management, Municipal ladders, multi-strategy income and high-yield; cash management, I believe was roughly $900 million. That was institutional business. Municipal ladders, I believe, I said a number of $750 million multi-strategy income. This is from memory. This was somewhere in the 4s, I believe, and most of that was that was in mutual funds high-yield income, again, from memory I believe also was in the 4s, also primarily for mutual fund business. The other part of question do we view those as potentially recurring, and I would say in all cases, yes, we do. The one of those that is the lumpiest would be cash management that those are the big mandates by assets. They tend to be relatively low fees, but that would be the one that is I would say that maybe speculative as to whether we have more of those coming in the next quarter. The other one is I think it is pretty likely that we have got a strong trend of current business with - it is not lumpy institutional business, but for the most part broad-based retail business.
Tom Faust: I think that is right. We have been pretty transparent about our pricing on this and part of that pricing is that there is a 30% reduction in licensing and services free rate that would apply generally to firms that sign a preliminary agreement with us and then file an exemptive application by the end of June, so there is an incentive to do that. That 30% is about 1.5 basis points. To so some firms that may not be particularly motivating, but for many firms it is quite motivating and I think it is likely that we will see a significant of additional firms become early adopters and, because the process of filing for SEC exemptive relief is a public process, we should also see the identity of the firms that have signed with us today, but we are not yet public of that changing also over the next six weeks or so. The biggest thing for us in going from the current 10 companies that are under agreement to up 20-year or some excess of that, really I think it is getting comfort that this is something that the broker-dealers will support. I think we have come a long way in helping the broker-dealers understand that this is good for the business and something they should embrace. If we get in a position where major broker-dealers are in effect encouraging other fund companies to do this, because their publicly supporting this, I think, we are potentially in a position where we will see a quite rapid acceleration in the rate of adoption by fund companies.
Tom Faust: Yes. We included in the release the number of $500 billion of mutual fund assets across the 10 companies, so that includes the six companies names which have been disclosed as well as the four that have not been so, I think you can probably do the math on figuring out what the average is and what the total is on that. Due to confidentiality agreements, we are not in a position really to try and size individual firms that have not been disclosed for obvious reasons. The way we think about NextShares generally and this is answering the part of your question related to fixed income. This is the only exchange traded structure that is fully compatible with active management and works fully for all asset classes. As I think your question acknowledges, there have been some limited uptake of fully transparent active ETFs as approved since 2008. I think currently there are about $20 billion roughly or so in that structure that compares to roundly $10 trillion in actively managed mutual funds, so it is a tiniest drop in the bucket. That is 0.2%. If you really drilled down and look inside that $20 trillion, the largest category by a significant amount is ultra short bond funds, which I think it is something like $6 billion or $7 billion out of the $20 billion. I think that is maybe an indication that we have had seen the most success there probably telling that that is not an area where at least some active managers are particularly worried about preserving their secrets sauce. This is one step or half a step away from a money market fund. In that range, we are seeing activity and some success in a fully transparent structure. A handful of other companies have been willing to be fully transparent as to their daily holdings in core fixed income, but that is still up a pretty small number of companies and it is also a relatively limited range of strategies. You are not seeing fully transparent high-yield bond funds, which I think would be similar to equities would be probably a bad idea. The way we look at this is, first, there is a benefit of having a single structure that covers all your strategies as opposed to we do this over here and we do this over there. NextShares can be that one structure in a way that a fully transparent ETF cannot. The other is, I think, it is still to be proven whether or not fund companies or even those that have announced and had initiatives in this area, whether the lack of concern about portfolio holdings disclosure really stands up at scale. As I think about it, there are three areas of concern. The one that tends to get the most focus is front running risk. The idea that if I put out my daily holdings disclosure every day then someone will be able to anticipate the pattern of my future trading and then trade ahead of me and then in their report, drive up my trading costs and reducing fund returns. The second and third are also very significant to investment managers. Those being the likelihood that if you make your holdings available on a daily basis, if you charge a fee that exceeds the cost of portfolio implementation, you are just inviting others to try and replicate your strategy at lower cost. If you are successful at scale, if you want to charge of full fee, I can guarantee there will be someone in our industry that will try and undercut you on price in your fully transparent strategy. The other one maybe which is slightly less obvious is the concern that if I am running out, let us, say a fixed income shop and I am very proud of the analysts I have and the work they do, I mean, in fact giving away the ultimate embodiment of their work which is the portfolio I own, if I make that available to all my competitors on a daily basis so. We have talk to a lot of fund companies. I have talked to a lots of fund companies CEOs personally and we do not get a lot of pushback that the model of full transparency is very limited in its application. Yes it may work for an enhanced cash product. It may work for some managers for core fixed income, but there is nobody out there that I am aware of that runs a large-scale fund business that thinks to that is an alternative to NextShares as the broad industry solution for how active managers can compete more effectively with passive by making structural changes.
Tom Faust: Yes. I think it is something like $2 million, so that is not a big number relative to our overall currency capital portfolio and I do not think ultimately it is going to be the determining number here. The determining number here is going to be what do we need to do to in a practical business sense to get these up and running. I think we are thinking about on the order of $20 million of fund that is a little bit premature, it may be different than that. We are at a point with $300 and some million seed capital portfolio. I think, it is likely that that portfolio away from NextShares we will be shrinking rather than growing over the next six months. That is certainly our intent in part, because we are looking at NextShares as a potential use of capital, but I guess we do not see this 20 times. Let us say, we did 20 times 10. Then recycled some of that capital and then also potentially pull down some of the other positions we have today. I think, we are looking at possibly, this is really just a guess at this point, but maybe $100 million to $200 million of seed capital requirement to get these funds up and running, netting some of the offsets from more over seed capital and some of the other things. It is a guess at this point. We do not really know that answer, but we certainly do not see a need to do an outside financing to make this work. We have not particularly explored this, so there are third-party sources of financing for seed capital for funds that we are aware of, so it won't necessarily all be funded off our own balance sheet. It is possible that there will be outside investors that could do this. Just as a reminder, we have roughly $380 million today in cash and short-term investments.
Tom Faust: No. In fact, I would say if anything that was - the other thing we highlighted that went the other way was we had a roughly $400 million one-time withdrawal from - I guess, this is actually in the alternatives category, but it is from global macro. There was nothing else. You highlighted the one piece, the $900 million or so in cash management, the two fastest growing, I think, will likely be the two fastest growing parts of that over the next few quarters that were in this current number. One is the muni ladder business which was $750 million and I think every quarter that number has been growing. It is a broad-based business and we think we are in the very early innings of a very major business there. The second one I highlighted is the short duration strategic income fund that we got all the stars are aligned in terms of performance and yields and a very large category and it is getting a lot of sales attention it is a mutual fund asset, so you can follow the flows of that from standard mutual fund sources, but we expect that to continue to ramp up pretty nicely. The other one we did which was not much of a factor and this current quarter is our multi-sector income strategy and I highlighted that we have a pipeline of a roundly $1 billion of institutional accounts that we expect to fund. I mean they are supposed to fund. I think most of that supposed to fund within the next month or so, but even with some delays there we would expect to get most of that $1 billion in the third quarter, so if there is a one-time item that in cash in the second quarter, we expect some one-time items in multi-sector income with some visible wins one not funded opportunities that we expect all of that we expect to fund by the end of this month or 1st of June.
Tom Faust: Rob I think drivers there are comingled institutional product and the growth has been primarily in the emerging markets. You mentioned the exchange funds those have been growing as interest has picked up there. The other category of asset that shows up there is, CLOs and we have issued a couple of floating rate CLO, so I would say some combination of those products.
Tom Faust: Well, again, the transparency is not really an issue. That is an issue in our favor. No one says I am not going to do this, because I will only offer product that has daily transparency. No mutual fund company offers daily transparency, so that is a positive. Not a negative. Why do not we have more fund companies? I guess, I would offer maybe a handful of reasons. One is that fund companies are busy, executives are busy, generally, the bigger the company the more involved the decision-making process. We have been talking to fund companies really primarily since December. That is when we got our exemptive order approved, was early December. Typically a decision like this involves many parts of the organization and this is not just the marketing group, but it involves discussions with portfolio management, fund operations, legal, in most cases they are going to consult with their fund board before they commit to doing this, so it is a process to get this approved. I would say, in many companies also there is an issue of where this fits in with their other priorities, so I met with the CEO yesterday who is I think very interested in doing this likes the concept, at least that was what he told me, but he says over the next 6 to 12 months we are very focused on building out an international family of funds, funds that we can use its funds, we can sell outside the United States. It is not a vote against NextShares. He said we will probably be there if this is successful, but we have got other priorities, so that is the second reason. In some cases, there is something in-house that somehow in the exchange traded product world that is already in process. To the extent that they have hired a team or a person that is focused on building some kind of exchange traded product structure, whether it is a fully transparent fixed income or fund-to-funds or strategic data or all kind of different thing. To a little degree we run a file of some plan that is in the works internally, so we start to get slided behind that, because it has got external sponsorship in a way that perhaps we would not have on our own. The biggest issue is I say overwhelmingly is, what other broker-dealers say and come back to me when you have got major broker-dealers that are committed to this. I mean that is the biggest issue is why should I do this until my distribution partners have blessed this and said they are going to offer this? As I explained that everyone on both sides of this, it is a big chicken and egg issue, fund companies want to make sure broker-dealers are behind this, broker-dealers wanted to make sure that major fund companies are behind this. Really our challenge to get NextShares successfully to market is to breakthrough that chicken and egg by both, arguing to big fund companies that they should take the initiative in this and also arguing to big broker-dealers that they should take initiative to this. For this to work, that has to break one way or the other, and I think it is working. We have a very nice complement of initial fund companies that are signed up to launch this. We are engaged in serious dialogue with broker-dealers about how this fits in with their business and what we can do to help them get into this business, so it takes time nobody is more impatient for success here than I am. I can assure you of that, but overall I am quite pleased with our progress we have made. Just having been quite involved in a lot of discussions, particularly over the last three or four weeks, we have come a very long way in advancing peoples' understanding of what this, of what the investor benefit is and how this can fit in with the business plans of broker-dealers as well as fund companies. One of the things that makes that easier, is that we have seen tremendous growth over the course of this year in ETFs, and traditional broker-dealer advisor programs and that is a bit alarming to traditional active managers. It is also a bit alarming frankly to the broker-dealers themselves and that is the catalyst for people to think about solutions and this is the solution at hand to how do we respond to that as an industry and restore a fair competitive balance between active and passive to the benefit of investor returns.
