Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. So the assets in that category are unusually concentrated in the global macro absolute return and global macro absolute advantage mutual funds. The fee rate on the advantage strategy, which has effectively built-in leverage is significantly higher than the base strategy. So as Eaton Vance global macro advantage grows relative to Eaton Vance global macro absolute return fund, which has happened, you will see the fee rate in that asset category move up.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes, maybe I will add. Laurie or Eric, take the quarter-to-date, but just on Hexavest, Hexavest is a top down global equity manager based in Montreal. We own 49%, acquired that position in 2012. Since then, they’ve for the most part been pretty defensively positioned and certainly have been over the last, I will say 2.5 years. Not surprisingly, that meant that until recently they’ve lagged the market in terms of their performance, and again, not surprisingly, given that they lag the market, they’ve seen harder times winning new business and have seen some acceleration of outflows not surprising, but given that they’re defensively positioned and that’s well known to their clients, we'd think that performance during the market rallies of 2017 and earlier parts of this year. It shouldn't have been, it shouldn't have been a surprise. Given the turn in the market recently, not surprisingly, they’ve been performing better. They’ve had good performance, well above market performance since the market started to correct. May not happen immediately, but certainly our expectation is that as that happens, they will see less pressure on outflows and potentially be in a position to see a greater trend of new business won as well.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. Just focusing on the U.S mutual fund business, we’ve seen outflows from the bank loan categories. So similar to what you are describing on the ETF side in the last -- based on industry data that we’ve seen in the last four weeks of industry flows for bank loans have been negative. As you point out that, we believe that relates to increasing concerns about credit. We’ve not been immune to these effects. We’ve seen some outflows at least on some days from our bank loan strategies this month. So there has been a reversal at least partly from the strong inflows that we experienced over the course of fiscal 2018. It's a little hard to say whether there's carry through on this current concern. There has been a little bit, but not much price volatility in the bank loan sector and in some ways that’s healthy, because one of the concerns has been that as new loans are brought to market, they’re brought with tighter spreads or that rates reset on existing loans, which brings down the spread we earn over LIBOR. With the softening of the market, there's we think a healthy effect of mitigating some of those downward pressures on spreads. So -- but everything cuts both ways here, right. So people are more concerned about credit. So that means spreads on new issues are better from the standpoint of buyers, but it also means that at least in the short run we are experiencing some retail flows in connection with growing concerns about credit markets. I would say that looking at the underlying fundamentals, which ultimately will govern whether this is a good time or a bad time to be selling or buying bank loans, certainly, our team is not seeing anything in our portfolios to suggest that there's been a change in credit market conditions. That doesn’t mean that there won't be at some point. We’re pretty long into the current economic cycle. We’re mindful of that just like everyone else is, but we’re not seeing anything in our portfolio that would appear to justify the market concern or the softness in prices that we’ve been seeing in loans over the last couple of weeks. And that softness -- pricing softness has been quite modest. It is not surprising, given the flow dynamic we've experienced.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. So the announcement that you are referring to was not during the quarter. It was actually the last week that Gabelli announced that they would be converting two of their four NextShares funds into mutual fund. Hasn't happened yet, but they’ve announced that they will be doing that. I don’t know exactly when, but sometime coming up. I guess, the implications of that maybe are obvious, which is that they’ve been disappointed with the sales success that they’ve had with those strategies and think they might be able to sell more with the same strategy and our conventional mutual fund structure. That doesn’t surprise us. We’ve seen -- we look closely at all the mutual -- all that flows into NextShares' funds, not just our own, but those of our licensees and there really hasn’t been a lot of activity, which is reflective of the limited distribution that we’ve had. We’ve been as talked about on the last quarter, we’ve in the absence of significant sales, we’ve been ramping down our marketing activities and bringing down expenses related to NextShares. We are in the range roughly of $2.5 million to $3 million annual spending currently.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. Thanks, Rob. The -- there are several things going on related to changes in the industry dynamics that I'd point to. Maybe first and most obviously with the market sell off over the last few weeks that has an immediate effect on revenues and so we’re -- we will be tightening up certain spending initiatives in response to that, assuming that there are some carry forward of that. You shouldn’t expect large changes from us on the expense side. We’ve generally taken the view that our strong financial position and margins and cash balances give us the flexibility to invest during periods of market weakness and we will continue to do that. Some of the things on the new initiative side that I'd point to relating to a changing industry environment, clearly our lineup of customized index and laddered bonds, separate accounts, very much play to a couple of current themes in the market. One of those is the growth of passive versus active and the other is the increased desire among investors and intermediaries for customized positions. We’re the market leader in each of those markets and while we expect increased competition, we also see those as significant growth areas where we’re very committed to maintaining our leadership position. Another thing I would point to is our long-term initiative related to responsible investing. You mentioned the acquisition of Calvert, we think we are still in the early stages of growing out our capabilities in responsible investing and seeing that translate into increasingly important part of our business. This is more cyclical than long-term, but we do see a cyclical benefit to us from our floating rate, short duration, adjustable rate, ultra short, a lot of categories of income strategies where we’ve planted seeds and are now seeing strong growth in strategies that are designed to appeal to investors who are concerned about rising interest rates. So at some point that changes, but we made the decision maybe four or five years ago that we were nearing the end of a long bull market in bonds and that it made sense for us to add to our portfolio, a number of bonds that typically carry like short duration, sometimes variations on that, but that enable income investors to invest with less exposure to interest rate risk. And so we think we are quite well positioned to benefit from that theme as well. In terms of industry consolidation and how Eaton Vance might or might not fit into that idea, I certainly believe that our industry is ripe for consolidation. We think that for our key intermediaries there are far more people knocking on their door requesting shelf space than there are available slots and that one way or another that will translate into increased consolidation. By its nature, the passive businesses is an economy of scale business where it makes sense that market share will be relatively concentrated, although that’s not true on the same basis. In active management, we feel like the decreased opportunity will ultimately lead to consolidation there as well. In terms of the specifics of the Invesco transaction, I certainly won't comment on that, but one thing we and other potential acquirers look at is how transactions are received in the marketplace. So critical to us or anyone else looking at a potential acquisition is not only what an acquisition might do for us in terms of increasing our earnings power or improving our strategic position, but we are also very mindful of how that -- how acquisitions are perceived in the marketplace. So if we lose more in PE than we gain in E, we don’t view that as a positive transaction. Of course, you don't know those things in advance, but we want to look at things that we might do that will add to the long-term value of our franchise, both in terms of earnings near-term, but also in terms of our ability to grow over the long-term. Our earnings acquisition is nice, but if it comes at the expense of long-term growth potential, that’s not particularly interesting to us. But if we can do as we did in the case of Calvert, add something that really enhances our strategic position, which has positive implications for a multiple, at the same time as we do something that’s accretive to our earnings, that’s the kind of transaction that we are -- that we would be potentially very interested in.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I fell like our size and scale is good, not in the context of $500 billion is necessarily at scale. It might or might not be. What we believe is more relevant is the scale of our leading investment franchises. We are certainly at scale world class by any measure in bank loans. We are certainly at scale world class in the Parametric Custom Indexing business and their exposure management business, in the muni and corporate ladder business with Eaton Vance, our global income business, our high yield business, certain of our equity strategies, we could go on. But that to us is critical is that when an advisor or gatekeeper or consultant is thinking about introducing an asset class into a client's portfolio, what providers are on the short list of names that they consider while performance is important there, so also is scale. You need to have a critical mass to be on that short list and in places where we are active, by and large we think we are big enough to be on that shortlist. We are looking to diversify our business. A key part of that is playing into the trend and responsible investing that continues to emerge. But if I had a choice of doing an acquisition that took Eaton Vance from, let's call it $500 billion in AUM to a trillion in AUM, that did nothing for us in terms of our growth rate and did nothing for us in terms of our current earnings power, I wouldn’t see a lot of point in doing that kind of a transaction.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. So the -- so within the portfolio implementation segment that we report, that’s all Parametric business. A smaller part of that is what they call centralized portfolio management, lower fee, relatively modest flow expectations in that business. But the bigger opportunity there's, the bigger business, the higher fee business and the bigger opportunity is what they refer to as custom core. So this is customized index-based strategies offered in a variety of markets, but U.S retail into the high net worth, multi-family office market and also offered in institutional versions of that strategy. This is a big business for Parametric and one where we’ve very measure, we know market leadership today. There have been announcements of players that are either bringing out new products into this business or increasing their offerings there, that doesn’t surprise us. We think this is today something on the order of maybe let's say $100 billion to $200 billion in assets across the industry, hard to say exactly what that is. But when we look at the opportunity versus multiple trillions of dollars in indexing, just reflected in index mutual funds and index ETFs, we see significant opportunity for custom indexing to grow relative to what we call bulk indexing. Custom indexing has clear tax advantages, in that if you own the same portfolio of stocks in an individual separate account, you can do tax loss harvesting and recognize the value of losses currently, which you cannot do in a fund structure. Also in a fund structure, typically you cannot fund positions in kind, therefore the deferring recognition of gains on initiating a position. Also in a separate account format, you’ve the ability to customize holdings to fit the clients' responsible investing criteria or to account for oversight positions the investor might have in other parts of his or her portfolio. These are things you can't do in a bulk index fund or index ETF. We are quite convinced that custom indexing is positioned to grow and to grow rapidly. And we are quite determined that as that happens, that we will maintain our leadership position in that market. We think increased competition is inevitable, but we also think extensive growth of that market is also inevitable and we’re happy to welcome competitors, because in part, they are going to help make the case that this is a better way to invest in indexed strategies than what many investors are doing today, which to our thinking, if you are investing significant amounts of taxable money in an index-based strategy, with very limited exceptions, you are going to be better off being in a custom index type strategy just -- such as Parametric offers. So we think there is lots of growth opportunity and while we expect more competition, we see lots of room for Parametric to grow in that market even with more competition.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes, we’ve a pretty big geographic gaps in almost everything we do. We’ve good coverage of the U.S and limited coverage outside the United States. So we are still about 95% of our assets and revenues are sourced from the U.S. So finding the right partner and finding the right opportunity to grow outside the United States is certainly something that we'd consider, in terms of acquisition activity. Having said that, I feel like a bit of a broken record, we’ve been thinking that way for a long time, but haven't found a suitable partner and frankly don’t know that there's a suitable partner that could -- would make sense for us to jumpstart our business growth outside the United States. We have been growing organically outside the United States, we’ve expanded our office in Tokyo. We added a new facility earlier this year in Frankfurt, we are opening an office in Dublin. So we are growing incrementally, but still would love to find an opportunity to jumpstart that international acquisition -- international expansion through an acquisition, but haven't been able to find it yet. In terms of product areas, I think we’ve pretty good coverage across the landscape of most equities that we -- equity categories, public equities that we carry about fixed income, floating rate income, multi asset strategies. We’ve looked a bit at private assets, maybe there are places either in real estate, private real estate or private debt that might make sense as a complement to our public market securities businesses. So those are things that are possibly of interest and we kick the tires on a few things there, but haven't bitten on anything as yet, but we were interested. We look at lots of different things on the acquisition front. But today have yet to bite on anything.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I think, we may have lost the line. Okay. Very good. Well, operator I think this concludes our call for today.
Laurie G. Hylton: This is Laurie. We don’t have a lot of visibility into the current quarter to date, given that we are only a couple weeks into it, but I think that as Tom noted, their performances has improved significantly. We are waiting to see how that’s actually going to play out in largely institutional business.
Laurie G. Hylton: Well, just addressing the first question related to fund expenses, I would think that I would not anticipate that our fund expenses in the first quarter are going to go down for all the reasons we highlighted on the call as well as in our text. There are couple of products that have been performing well, where we do have sub-advisory expenses and we’ve also got some funds subsidies associated with those. I don't anticipate given the growth in those franchises that we are going to see a decrease there. So I would not anticipate seeing that go down. In terms of our other expense categories, there are a few significant drivers both for the quarter and for the fiscal year that I would highlight. Facilities, I think we talked a little bit about some increased depreciation expense we took earlier in the year, but looking forward, Parametric is in the process of moving their corporate offices and we will have some incremental headwinds there in terms of our rent expense and other facilities expenses associated with that move. And I would think if you are thinking about your sort of the first quarter of fiscal '19, I would think a mid single-digit expense increase there would be appropriate something in the neighborhood of 5%. In terms of technology, as we’ve noted, we’ve been making some significant investments in terms of our trading platforms and also making investments in Calvert's research platform. I would anticipate, we will continue to make investments in 2019 and also in that sort of investment technology category you got market data that is just going up as a function of doing business in this industry. So I would also anticipate in those areas you are going to see some probably mid single-digit percentage increases just given the level of investment. Maybe just as we think about trying to prognosticate what margins might look like in the first quarter and I’m not going to give a percentage, but if you think about our overall cost structure, about 45% of our costs are variable and about 55% are fixed. The fixed we kind of covered as we talked about the expenses related to facilities into software and market data etcetera, but in terms of our overall comp structure within that, 40% of our comp is variable, around 60% is fixed. And if you look at what we did in fiscal '18, our revenue was up 11%, our operating income was up 15%, our variable compensation was only up 8%. So we are very, very mindful of the rates at which we pay out on our variable compensation and manage that carefully. In terms of the fixed portion of our comp structure, which is again about 60%, you are largely looking at headcount driven expense and our ending headcount was up 8%. Our average is about 7% for the year. Our fixed compensation was up about 9%. Again, we are very, very careful, we are mindful of that headcount adds because we recognize that adding to our fixed cost base that we are not necessarily going to be able to pull levers on immediately in the event of a downturn. So, I think that going into the first quarter, if you kind of keep those metrics in mind, I think the one thing you’ve to also keep in mind is we’ve got seasonal pressures every year in compensation, we highlighted a couple of them in my comments. I would anticipate that sort of the benefit in payroll tax clock reset a headwind that we're going to be facing is roughly in the neighborhood of about $3.5 million to $4 million. We see that every first quarter. We are also going to have the impact of base increases and you will probably have some increase in stock compensation associated not only with retirements in our fourth fiscal quarter, which generally will recognize in terms of the accelerated stock-based compensation expense in the first, but also just increased new grants, the impact of those grants on stock-based compensation in the first quarter. So, some seasonal headwinds that you will see going into the new fiscal year, but we are very, very mindful of how our cost structure works. Very mindful of the triggers that we can pull as we are trying to control the margin. And as we noted on the call, we are just going to be very, very mindful of how we think about expenditures going into fiscal '19 recognizing that we are coming out of a pretty volatile market environment.
Laurie G. Hylton: I think the only thing I would say is obviously there's significant pass-throughs in terms of distribution, service fee income and distribution expense and one other component that's in the distribution expense obviously is other marketing expenses associated with for example, our marketing support payments to our third-party intermediaries, which is never an expense line item that’s going down, given that it's largely driven by asset growth. So we haven't noticed anything structurally in terms of a significant change there. So I’m not sure what is driving your question, but hopefully recognizing that there are other distribution line items including promotion and marketing that are going into the distribution expense line item that might actually be factoring into what you're seeing.
