Dan Cataldo: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2017 fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Press Releases. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in the company’s SEC filings. These filings, including our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Dan Cataldo: Patrick, if you look in our disclosures in the press release, we just – the contribution from Hexavest to our P&L shows up in the equity and income of affiliates. And that – as we’ve I think said in the past, is almost entirely Hexavest. So that will give you a sense of the current contribution of the 49% ownership of Hexavest.
Dan Cataldo: Great. And thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your continued interest in Eaton Vance, and hope you all have a happy and safe Thanksgiving.
Tom Faust: Yes, I don’t - thanks for the question, Brian, I don’t know that and I think it might be a hard thing to quantify in total. Obviously, it’s going to vary a lot by circumstances of an individual account. Paul Bouchey is the Head of Research at Parametric. And I have been in touch with him and with Brian Langstraat, who runs Parametric, over the last couple of weeks as this issue has been out there. And they have been doing as I said in my remarks, they have been doing a lot of work. I’m looking at the ability in a mandatory FIFO regime if that’s what happens, to generate tax alpha. And there, I would say that the results, as reported last night by Paul, are quite encouraging, that you can get to essentially comparable levels of tax alpha, but you have to do it in a somewhat different manner. Essentially, what you want to avoid is having a single security purchased at multiple different price points. So I think that means, generally, as you build out your portfolio over time, you are adding new positions as opposed to adding different layers to existing positions. So you have to you got to think about it more, the way you build portfolio will be different. I think one of our challenges is, if this becomes a law, the proposed effective [date] [ph] is about 5 or 6 weeks from now, so there may be some planning that needs to be implemented before this takes effect. And certainly, there will potentially be some changes in algorithms to be affected so that the new way of operating is reflective of this rule, of this information if it comes through. I would say there is a potential positive for perhaps significant in there for their Custom Core business in that and tax reform and that it’s looking like for higher-income investors, federal rates will be probably flat, but the effective rates, including the state tax is net of federal deductions, in places like California, New York, Massachusetts and Connecticut, places that have relatively high state taxes, then that tax rate doesn’t go down and in fact, could go up likely would go up quite sharply on a net basis in some of those places, which not surprisingly represent a pretty big part of our tax-managed business. So as mentioned, this is something that we oppose. We think it works against what tax reform is trying to accomplish. It complicates the lives of investors, but in some ways, it makes the importance of being smart about tax management even greater. And hard to say, but on balance, we think it could well be a positive for our business.
Tom Faust: Yes, it’s obviously very early. I think it was officially turned on in their system either Friday or yesterday. So this is brand new. Also, there’s a process that UBS is undergoing of vetting individual funds. And I know not all of the NextShares funds are yet through that process, including the Oaktree fund that we announced launch of last week. We are very encouraged that UBS is putting funds through an expedited review process. They have lowered the normal standards in terms of how much assets have to be in the fund, recognizing that practically speaking, that since they are the main market here that they can’t realistically expect a lot of flows into the fund to be there before they come in. But we are optimistic. There’s a training module that has been implemented across UBS. I think that’s been well received. As I mentioned in my remarks, this is really the first time that we can wholesale NextShares. The two smaller broker-dealer relationships that we started last year really don’t fit with our distribution model and that of other NextShares sponsors. But this is right down our alley. I should say we are particularly excited about the Oaktree strategy. Oaktree has of course, has an outstanding reputation as a credit manager and this is the first time this diversified credit strategy is available to retail investors. How I think UBS advisers will think about this is strategy by strategy. You put an uninteresting strategy in a NextShares structure I don’t think that’s going to be compelling for an adviser. But you put but if you put an interesting compelling strategy in front of a NextShares adviser, we think that will motivate that adviser to learn about and to invest in NextShares. And that, that success we certainly hope, will lead that adviser and other advisers and ultimately other broker-dealers, to embrace NextShares, not only for that strategy, but in time for a whole broad array of strategies. So, one step forward, maybe a small step, but certainly, in the whole process here, quite significant. We I would say, in thinking about flows to expect out of UBS, a couple of cautions. One was the one I just said, that all the products are not yet approved and there will be a rollout of product of NextShares at UBS over some period of weeks and months. I think there’s a handful that are approved today and certainly, we expect that to grow by the week for the foreseeable future. But the other thing is that it’s not available yet on all the platforms at UBS. UBS has, for several years, been involved in a major systems upgrade that’s expected to conclude, I think sometime around the middle of next year, and we won’t to be fully available everywhere at UBS in terms of systems until that’s done that process is done. So right now, we are available in brokerage and strategic advisory, but not available in their other advisory programs.
Tom Faust: So we have one CLO that’s in process that we have mentioned that’s in that’s, I guess, come out of the warehouse stage. We have, I would say, a renewed interest in this business. We have a team here that’s been doing CLOs for certainly well over a decade. We think we are pretty good at this. It’s a huge part of the bank loan market. For public companies, it’s a bit challenging because of the reporting requirements. There are also risk retention rules that effectively require us to own, I think it’s 5% of the entity. You can do that by owning a pro rata strip of the different risk levels or by owning much of the equity. We are I don’t think you can you should expect to see Eaton Vance become primarily a CLO shop. This is a big business, but there are their capital needs here, the risk considerations, there are accounting complexities. But having said all that, this is an asset class that we like. We think we are very good at managing bank loans. We think we understand how CLOs work. There is a stickiness to the assets that we like and we would expect, I would say, relatively slowly to be ramping up our CLO exposure.
Tom Faust: I think it’s if we were to exercise our option, it would be about a $90 million item. So it’s not an insignificant spending amount. So at the margin, that would influence other uses of capital. I would say that, as your question suggests, we are in the middle of negotiations and would prefer not to say too much. We like these guys very much. We like the way they run their business. But it’s not ultimately recent agreement on whether or not to exercise that option. We have, I think the period expire sometime in the middle of December. So time is getting short and so stay tuned.
Tom Faust: Yes. So we have a pipeline report that we circulate weekly internally. And as of the end of last week, when the last pipeline report was circulated, happily, lots of indicated inflows and not many indicated outflows, which is good. The areas of growth anticipated based on these are one, not funded. One is a global high-yield mandate for an international client. There’s a quite interesting Calvert-enhanced cash strategy that is pending funding that we think perhaps could be a model for other similar responsibly managed enhanced cash mandates, the parametric pipeline in terms of Custom Core, defensive equity and exposure management continues strong. I was in Japan, I guess, 2 weeks ago, working with our sales team there, meeting with clients. Japan is our largest market outside the United States, and we have seen very strong growth there, that accounts for much of the overall growth in our international business we have seen this year. Strategies we talked about during those sessions when I was there included bank loans, included global macro, included taxable municipal securities, which is kind of interesting, somewhat new market. You wouldn’t think on its face that municipal bonds would be interesting to investors in Japan or places outside the United States. But there’s a market of about $500 billion today for securities issued by municipal issuers, but that don’t qualify for the favorable tax treatment. Therefore, they traded yields that are more comparable to corporate securities. Those corporate those municipal issuers have different risk characteristics than our corporate issuers that make them potentially attractive for taxable investors around the world including outside of the United States. Interestingly, one of the proposals in the tax reform initiative would potentially curtail, it varies a little bit by the House and the Senate version. But in both cases would limit certain types of tax-exempt municipal bond issuances, which interestingly could help address one of the issues we are facing in the taxable market is that it’s a relatively small market with limited supply. So what was released in one side might be a source of growth on the other. But quite active across a range of strategies in institutional, U.S., international, certainly Eaton Vance, Hexavest, Parametric, Atlanta Capital, every one of our subsidiaries is actively trying to build business institutionally, it’s not easy. There tends to be longer selling cycle. Obviously, these are competitive times with lots of pressure from passive and particularly in equities, but we think that maybe, particularly outside the United States as we build a bigger presence, there could be some low-hanging fruit for us in building out that institutional business relatively quickly.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks, Michael. The – one of the challenges we’ve had with Calvert is there are growth opportunities in lots of different directions. We had a Calvert-devoted strategy session toward the end of last week to try and get some kind of consensus on where do we go. And there’s – do we focus on building out institutional business? Calvert traditionally has been a retail brand but in many ways, the demand for Responsible Investing is more developed in certain institutional markets. Do we take Calvert overseas because, again, particularly in Europe, demand in many places for Responsible Investing is more developed there than it is here. We – within U.S. retail, which has been the focus of Calvert traditionally, they have a relatively underdeveloped business historically in the warehouses. And many of those firms, including yours, have major initiatives to build the Responsible Investing business and are looking for partners to work with them to do that. So I’m not maybe a greedy person because I – my vote in the strategy session was to do all of these, but we are somewhat constrained by resources. But we’ve got funds, we’ve got separate accounts, we’ve got retail, we’ve got institutional, we’ve got U.S. and international. And then certainly within different strategies, we’ve got opportunities. In terms of the objective to sell more now as opposed to lay the groundwork for things that might take 6 or 12 or 18 or 24 months to result in flows, the most compelling Calvert offerings today are their 5-star-rated emerging market equity fund, their range of shorter duration, short duration, ultrashort income strategies; and their index products, primarily on the equity side. We think we’ve got plenty to do in the near term to get our sales force focused on selling those in the right areas of the country where Responsible Investing matters. But also, we’re doing a lot of work laying groundwork for potentially interesting longer-term opportunities for different product structures perhaps in certainly different markets. I mentioned the – I think your question, you mentioned this as well was the institutional enhanced cash market where we have one pending funding awaiting, but certainly in coastal markets where you’ve got large pools of corporate cash and corporations that are committed a social mission that includes principles very similar to the Calvert principles for Responsible Investing, we think there could be a very nice match not only in corporate cash but also working with those same firms to get placement of Calvert strategies in 401(k) programs, for example. So we’re in a target-rich environment. We’re coming out of a period where Calvert is a stand-alone, who had gone through some struggles for a period of years, so we’ve had to right the ship in some ways, but we’re gratified that as that’s happened, we’ve been able to begin the process of putting Calvert on a growth trajectory and the comparison to Parametric, I hope it turns out like Parametric. I think it wouldn’t be completely out of the realm of possibility that, that happens, but the kind of success we’ve had with Parametric over the last 16-or-so years that they’ve been part of Eaton Vance is – I guess 14 years as part of Eaton Vance is not something we can necessarily count on from every acquisition.
Tom Faust: Yes. So just maybe starting on the capacity side, we are at, I think, roundly $40 billion. It is a market – I don’t have the number off the top of my head, but I think it’s globally, around a $1 trillion market, something like that. So we’re at 4% or – which is we’re a major player, but I think the last time we thought about – the last time we thought we were close to capacity, I think we had assets in the mid- to high-40s, but the asset class was probably more like $600 million at that time. So I think we feel like we’ve got a fair bit of running room in terms of the ability to grow our bank loan franchise from current level. The demand, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks in the quarter was really driven by institutional and particularly driven by clients outside the United States. Retail, I think, was pretty close to – was modestly positive but certainly not what we saw in the first couple of quarters of the fiscal year. Explaining retail demand for – is always a little hard, but what seems to be clear in bank loan flows is that when people are fearing increases in interest rates on the long side and anticipating increases in rates on the short side, it would see more bank loan inflows. Certainly right after the election, we were in one of those kinds of environments where people were optimistic about economic growth, expecting to see potentially a lot of stimulus, were worried about inflation. That was an environment where we saw, literally overnight, a major pickup in bank loan demand. What’s happened over the last couple of quarters is with maybe a lessening of concern about rates on the long end and a tempering of expectations about the pace of Fed action on the short end. There’s been a bit of a reversal of that – of those strong inflows that happened a year-or-so ago. Fortunately, for Eaton Vance, we’ve been in a quite strong performance cycle, which you layer on a good 1-year numbers with a very strong history, we have an excellent performance story to tell today. So we’re in – we feel like we’re in the hunt for bank loan mandates wherever they are to be won, retail, institutional, U.S., international, the catalysts for the next wave of growth, I suspect, likely will be some change in interest rate expectations, either short end or long end or both. But for the moment, we have a relatively stable business that’s experiencing modest growth.
Tom Faust: Yes. Well, I like your optimism that this is going to be enacted. So I’ll start with that. Just to maybe level set, our expectation is that once this is sort of all run through, whenever that is or if that’s going to happen, assuming that the corporate rate stays at the 20% level that’s in the – currently in the House and the Senate bill, we expect our blended combined rate to be around 25%. There’s an adverse effect in there of some of the changes in how executive comp is treated that’s reflected in that number. But compared to that 38.5%-or-so range where we are today, that’s a – I think that’s about a 22% earnings increase once the tax increase – once the tax cut comes through, assuming, importantly, this is a big caveat, that some of that doesn’t get pass through to in higher cost or competed away in some ways in terms of – or a revenue realization. We’ll get – we likely will have some of that effect. But in terms of the overall effect if this happens, we certainly would expect the net effect on after-tax earnings and earnings per share to be strongly positive. Your question is what do we do with the money. I think it’s the same as how we think about things now. I think about – so there’s a – we could get a windfall from the market going up. We could have some big growth surge in our business, but I don’t think those would fundamentally change how we think about capital uses. Our options are the same as they’ve always been, dividends, share repurchases, so returning money back to shareholders or investing in the business either in the form of seed capital or acquisitions. I would say we wouldn’t feel any particular greater urgency to do acquisitions because we’re earning at a higher rate and producing more cash flow. We would certainly consider an increase in the dividend to maintain something like the current payout rate, but that’s obviously a bit speculative and in the future. Whether we would ramp up share repurchases would depend on in part on our view of whether the stock represented good value at that particular time. So the options would be the same as today. The choices would be very much dependent on the situation as we see at the time.
Tom Faust: That’s right, and thanks for the question. This is an area like many parts of our business where there is price competition. We’re seeing strong volumes and we’re seeing, at least in some pockets, some increased pricing pressure. There are not particular new entrants that we’re worried about or that are driving prices down. It’s – I think it’s largely that the – this is viewed as a passive or maybe quasi-passive investment strategy and people are quite aware that the cost of passive generally is going down. When we look at the value proposition of producing tax – after-tax alpha, somewhere in the 150 basis point range or hopefully better than that over time, we think this represents an extraordinary value relative to what we generate and benefit and also an extraordinary value relative to other passive alternatives that don’t provide tax alpha. I talked in my prepared remarks a bit about the tax bill and the mandatory FIFO provision. It is interesting that if this goes into effect that, that may have some competitive effects, the firms that are maybe more sophisticated in their management and the capability and are more developed in their systems like Parametric, we would hope would be in a position to respond more quickly to implement changes in systems as necessary and that perhaps that can be helpful in terms of pricing dynamic in the marketplace with a fairly disruptive change in how people would have to implement tax management. But we are a bit speculative, but we are – we think by a considerable margin, the largest player in the business. There are real economies of scale that come in this, but we’re aware that this is something that other firms, at least can think they can do and that we need to distinguish ourself in the marketplace, not only by service levels and performance in terms of generated tax alpha and tracking of benchmark, but also in terms of being cost competitive where required.
