Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. I would say, yes. If there's any change of significance from the current run rate level, it would likely reflect significant progress with a distribution partner where we're contributing or helping them in their implementation cost. So that would be the only driver, but even there we don't see a major change from that, or we don't see a significant risk of change from the indicated guidance.
Thomas E. Faust: It's primarily priorities, resources, uncertainty, particularly related to the DOL initiative. We argue and I think this is right that, on balance, a world that is more tilted towards advisory solutions than brokerage solutions, which is likely the direction of the DOL initiative, is clearly favorable for NextShares. The uncertainty as to the effect of that and certainly as to the technology requirements of that is a somewhat chilling factor in NextShares. So, we've had major broker-dealers that say we find this interesting, but we really need to get our hands around this DOL initiative, what's going to be required both in terms of the rules themselves as well as the perhaps systems and business modifications that will flow from that. We need to get our hands around that before we do something that we view as discretionary. The DOL affects their core business every day. Arguably, this is an add-on. This is something new that they don't necessarily need to do. I would say in terms of our – more broadly, the conversations, I think there's a significant change that we expect to happen when we have a product in the market. I think my view was that that would not be all that significant. We've known this was going to happen. We don't expect any surprises. But there are significant constituencies out there in the broker-dealer world that where this is a big deal. The fact that we will have funds that are demonstrated to trade and to perform and they can watch those and see how they perform every day, a lot of the questions, a lot of the mystery of NextShares get taken out by when we're in the marketplace, which starts at the end of this week. So, we're not hearing objections, people that say this is a bad idea, I don't want to do this. What we're hearing overwhelmingly is, interesting concept, let's see how this develops, let's see how this fits into our timeframe. But we are – while saying that, I do want to reemphasize, we are making significant progress with major broker-dealers from all three major channels. And our view, which I think is right, is that you get one major in each category, it makes it much easier for others in that category to want to follow. They'll have business reasons, maybe even a business imperative to want to come in if one of their closest competitors is seeing any kind of movement in their business toward NextShares.
Thomas E. Faust: Those are pretty well reflected in the first quarter. The big hiring initiative there was in connection with our equity team that's now based in London, then we have one person in Tokyo and there are a handful of people in Boston connected to that team as well. That's done. The people there that were hired in that group, I think the last ones came first week of November, something like that. So, think of those numbers as effectively baked in. I did mention that we're taking some new space – expanded space in London, but that's a relatively small item. I think I said we're expanding by two-thirds. That means we're going to stay in the same building. We're going from half a floor or thereabouts to or two-thirds of a floor to a full floor. So, it's not enough to be meaningful. But it's a significant initiative for us that we are optimistic that we're going to be in a position to bring in international assets that will produce revenues to offset that incremental spending. I was over there last week and quite encouraged by the pipeline and the level of activity. Primarily, today, on the fixed income side, I'd say particularly high yield, but also we're starting to see some interest in equity products also as well. But, I would say, the hope would be that over the coming quarters that we'll see significant flows of international income assets and the beginning of flows on international equity assets.
Thomas E. Faust: 2013. And to some degree, we're still working through those assets. These are people that perhaps didn't really understand the asset class and what they were buying. At that point, there was – you might remember there was a significant fear that interest rates were going to go up sharply. That's the short end as well as the long end. And, obviously, that hasn't happened. And as that hasn't happened, we've been seeing as, again, this is my theory, a lot of those relatively new players in the asset class come out of the asset class. Demand on the institutional side remains solid. I wouldn't say it's spectacular, but it's certainly solid. People get – they've been through this asset class get that it's a significant diversifier. It has potentially no exposure to interest rate risk. These are dollar based loans. So, for a U.S. investor, there's essentially no exposure to currency risk, but it does have exposure to credit risk. But we've been doing this for many years going back to the late 1980s, more than 25 years, and we had experienced in knowing what a typical experience through a credit cycle is in terms of losses to credit events. All of that experience tells us that the asset class is compellingly attractive today. And we're certainly doing what we can to make that case to both current clients and potential clients.
Thomas E. Faust: $268 million. So we don't think it will likely that it will move the needle on that. Sometimes a driver of seed capital needs is minimum investment requirements that a particular broker-dealer may impose on a new strategy. For the most part, we would expect and hope that those requirements wouldn't apply to NextShares because these are not new strategies. In all cases, these are established strategies where we're just applying that same strategy in a lower cost more efficient vehicle, and we would expect in our work with broker-dealers that we should be able to convince them that there should be no requirement for significant Eaton Vance Investment in NextShares to validate those strategies. So, bottom line, we don't expect it to be a major factor, a major use of cash over the next year based on everything we know today.
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. The opportunity for us is really to take advantage of the strong performance record that a lot of our strategies have today. I mentioned high yield as an area of significant activity. Honestly, I don't think that's reflective of a huge demand incrementally for new allocations to high yield more than the fact that more so it reflects the fact that there are other managers who have disappointed a client and there are searches that are driven by replacements and because we have one of the top track records and certainly a compelling story related to the size and strength and longevity of our team, we're in a position to compete very effectively for those transfers. When I was in London, I did meet actually with a potential new client who is attracted to the risk/reward characteristics of high yield today. They look at spreads in the marketplace and historical levels of the market and historical returns from current spread levels and they're looking at potentially adding to the asset class. I think that's probably the exception rather than the rule today. I mentioned Hexavest has had very strong performance of late that really, in many ways, validates their approach which has been one of general caution on the markets. They made up a lot of ground in the fourth quarter and now have very compelling performance and also particularly attractive performance on a risk-adjusted basis. We expect to see increased activity of Hexavest in searches. Atlanta Capital, again, another very high performing manager and are stable. They have a relatively new strategy. It's been offered institutionally for the last three or four years. It's called Select Equity that had some meaningful wins. That's approaching $500 million in assets, and the strategy that potentially if things go right, that is we have another quarter or two of favorable performance and we can get over that $500 million threshold that we put ourselves in a position to compete effectively for new business there. So, I would say those are three areas I would highlight away from bank loans and away from the more implementation and exposure-oriented parts of our business which continue to see very strong demand. But, again, our key charge to our sales organization currently is we need to figure out ways to translate high-performing investment strategies into strong business performance, and that applies both retail and institutional.
Thomas E. Faust: So I think as you're referring to, there was an SEC proposal that came out late last year that would impose additional regulations and new limitations for mutual funds, or I should say, I believe its investment comp – registered investment companies in their use of different kinds of derivative. We have a number of strategies that are fairly intensive users of derivatives. Those fall generally into two categories: one is we have primarily on the closed-end fund side, we have equity funds that write call options in some cases in single stock options, in other cases it's index options, in some cases, they write options in connection with also selling or in some cases buying put options. So we have strategies that are primarily equity funds that have an options overlay. That's sort of one category of derivative intensive product that we offer in a registered investment fund format. The other broad category of products we have is in our Global Macro area where often the most efficient way to gain a desired market exposure is through the derivatives market. So a credit default swap or a forward position in a currency would probably be the two most typical ways of gaining exposure. How those – how this affects those businesses – how these proposed regulations affect these businesses is still up in the air. These regulations are being proposed. Eaton Vance is part of the ICI or Fund Industry Association and is participating in the development of the comment letter to be submitted by the ICI. We also expect to submit our own comment letter on this. We expect our comment letter to focus on, as you would expect, the areas of how we use derivatives. We believe the intent of that initiative is primarily to limit the use of derivatives for leverage purposes, which primarily is not how we use leverages; we're using in the case of writing call option that doesn't add market exposure to a fund arguably it takes away market exposure. And similarly with our derivative strategies on the Global Income side, often these could be replicated in a very similar way by operating in the cash markets. So, I guess, bottom line, we're monitoring this quite closely. We expect to have a comment submitted to the SEC. We're participating in industry comments. Depending on how things go, there could be changes in the implementation of some of our strategies that at the margin could increase fund cost, lower fund return. But there's nothing that would cause us to say that something we're doing today likely we couldn't do if these proposed regulations are implemented, rather, they may require us to do things in a somewhat different way.
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. So, we're not in the robo-advisor business. We do offer these custom beta strategies on a retail basis through relationships we have with broker/dealers, financial advisors generally with a minimum investment of about $250,000 in the strategy. So, we're not today placing these tools in the hands directly of retail investors that not necessarily would be a bad thing, but that's not our focus today. The range of customization that we offer down to the client or advisor level does vary by firm. In some cases, a firm, even some that use these strategies quite actively, give a limited ability for a financial advisor to choose a custom solution. While these are customizable, sometimes that customization sort of stops at the firm level. In other cases, the firm will allow customization down to the advisor group level within agreed upon constraints. But in no case currently do we provide customization down to the individual client level, at least in terms of retail clients.
Thomas E. Faust: I guess, first, I would say not materially. We don't have a big International business. I was in London last week, and this is certainly a topic of discussion. I can pass on what I heard though the impact on our business rounds to zero because we don't have a big base of operations in the UK. We are moving from two-thirds of a floor to a full floor in a building there. But I think the concern there in the financial sector is that London could lose its status as a financial center of Europe, which is maybe somewhat arguable today, but probably not something that the French or the Germans are happy about. And my guess is that, if Britain is not part of the EU going forward that that could change with implications not only for markets but also for how and where investment managers like Eaton Vance staff to serve clients and meet market opportunities in Europe. Because we're really at the beginning stage of our development, we don't have a particular commitment to UK. If the new center of Europe is in Frankfurt or Paris or wherever, it wouldn't be a significant disruption to our business to pick up and move effectively. I think the bigger concern – the more likely concern, the most significant concern for Eaton Vance is just what does it do to the markets. We're in the business where our revenues go up or down with the markets. And to the extent that the possibility of a British exit from the EU is weighing on markets, the primary financial impact of that on Eaton Vance is that if that weighing on the markets cause the market prices to go down, our revenues go down. That's the way it works in the asset management business. So I would put it in the same category as other things that are bringing uncertainty and adding risk to global financial markets today is much more significant to us than the specifics of how we address markets in Europe.
Thomas E. Faust: Certainly something we're interested in. I don't believe it's accurate that today a core offering of most robo-advisors is individual holdings of securities and lot level tax management. I believe the – my understanding is the predominant model is that they invest in ETFs primarily and perhaps other pool vehicles as their primary way of gaining market exposure. I'm familiar that Wealthfront has an offering with individual securities. So I believe with that exception, the robo-advisor world is essentially a world of investing in ETFs and other fund vehicles as opposed to holding direct investments in securities primarily. Clearly, there's an interest here and a potential overlap with our capabilities. I don't think there's great market data on this, but we believe it's highly likely that our affiliate, Parametric, is today the largest player in what I'll call the tax-managed separate account business. We have the most – the largest account base. I'm sure we would claim that the most sophisticated technology and potentially could consider ramping that up to potentially bring down minimum investments and service clients through robo-advisors or other means on a broader basis than we're doing today. So I don't see it as a threat to our business, but I do see it as potentially an opportunity. And we're certainly open to discussions on additional ways to gain access for this product suite, which, as we've talked about in previous quarters and as I emphasized in my remarks today, continues to be a growing part of our business and something that really sets us apart from what I'll call other traditional active managers.
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. So to-date the only fund sponsor that has approved fund registration statements is Eaton Vance. So, any near-term launches would be of Eaton Vance sponsored products. A key milestone for other licensees, the other 11 fund sponsors that have exemptive relief to offer NextShares and have entered into preliminary agreements with our affiliate to permit that, a key milestone for them was when Eaton Vance got our registration statement approvals in December. Because, by design, and I would say, by design from our end as well as from the SEC, that was intended to be a template that other fund sponsors could use. So, in other words, the language that was agreed to and negotiated by us and the SEC, that essentially can be plugged into registration statements for other fund sponsors. Certainly, one of our objectives including 18 registration statements in that initial filing was to make sure that we essentially covered all the bases in terms of asset classes and issues that might arise to make it easier for follow-on managers to expedite the process of their own – getting their own registration statement approval. We are certainly in contact with other fund companies. We understand that they are making progress towards filing registration statements relatively soon, but we can't – we obviously can't control the timing of that. But I would say here again, as with our conversations with broker-dealers and other fund companies, the fact that we have a product live with the market is a stimulus for action by the fund companies that have already entered into agreements with us and are trying to make decisions about the timing of their own launches (57:10). But again, also important to them is what does the distribution landscape look like. They're happy for the test phase of the development of NextShares to be dominated by Eaton Vance. They likely are primarily interested in the commercial development, which requires a broader range of distribution outlets than we have today. But we expect to see registrations filed by – for NextShares Fund by other sponsors in the coming weeks.
