Ruth Porat: So, on the $1.6 billion that was based on the calendar year ’12 actual compensation and our compensation expense I think you know through 2014 and predicated on a flat revenue scenario, so we do remain very comfortable with that target. There is some quarterly seasonality, so I think as we go through the year you will continue to see progress against the $1.6 billion.
Ruth Porat: We will try and highlight, so you can see the progress that we have in other areas where we’ve laid out the marker and it’s continuing to hit and exceed the goal.
Ruth Porat: Sure. Obviously a couple of questions in that. So, within VaR the interest rate line is obviously both an interest rate and credit line and as you know that it was up year-over-year flat to the last quarter and its effective by couple of things. First and foremost is the measure of risk not necessarily correlated with revenues. It does pick up the activity in credit as you know that I call that out as an area that was quite strong for us both corporate credit and securitized products and mortgage business generally. So it's the function of the shape of the book and volatility of the market generally, but I think what we're looking at when you look at the total line is pretty consistent with prior period, prior year. I think you then had another question regarding risk-weighted assets.
Ruth Porat: So the reduction – when we look at this reduction over the next period of time to 2016, it's ballpark 60% passive and 40% active. This quarter it was mostly passive. It benefited from the structured credit contract maturities, as James noted, but it also reflected a change in the shape of the book and some other changes such as active mitigation. And our view is that we're very confident that we'll be at that year-end target of 255 billion if not lower, but given part of the reduction was the change in the shape of the book we just built in some degrees of flexibility over the year. And as I said, we're confident we're going to at least meet that year-end target. It may not be a straight-line down quarter-over-quarter just depending on the shape of the book to be higher in the second or third quarter. And again, we remain very committed to the reduction this year and taking it down to that sub-200 level by 2016.
Ruth Porat: So the way we run the business and the way we look at capital is we really won it with a Basel III lens. And as I think you know, we actually charged capital and liquidity down to the business unit – for the product level, so we can look fully-loaded at risk-adjusted returns. The question then became over the last year or so is what do we do with parent capital given the rule for Basel II and a half and Basel III were still in flight and they hadn't been implemented. And our view was that once the Basel II and a half rules were implemented at the end of last year and so there was complete clarity on it, no guess work and what was being charged to the very segment, it was the appropriate time to take that parent capital number and allocate it up to the businesses. So consistent with moving our Tier 1 common ratio to the Basel II and a half metrics, we allocated the parent capital. And just to make sure it's clear because it can be confusing given the nomenclature. It is still Basel I even though it's using the market risk rules under Basel II and a half, our fourth quarter '12 Basel I number was 14.6, the Basel II and a half for the fourth quarter was 10.6. So if you're looking at where our Basel I ratios were last quarter under an apples-to-apples basis to Basel II and a half 10.6 last quarter going to 11.5 this quarter consistent with reporting ratios that way, parent capital has allocated into the businesses. And then to your very good question of does that mean that there is trapped capital, as we think about the businesses we look at a – again, a Basel III lens with that [SIFY] buffer and then above that, we believe we have degrees of flexibility with respect to capital return and we're continuing to build that Basel III ratio based on that capital accretion from earnings as well as the capital optimization through things like the risk-weighted asset reduction and so that does give us greater degree of flexibility.
Ruth Porat: Well, we’ve been focused on moving more into the bank. We continue to write new foreign exchange derivatives in the bank as we’ve talked about on prior calls and move old foreign exchange derivatives into the bank and we do plan to write new interest rates derivatives into the bank this year and timing and speed is really a function of some of the regulatory processes. But I think more broadly on your question about Moody’s we feel good about the steps we’ve taken to position Morgan Stanley for greater quality and consistency of results and accept us up well. We’ve talked a lot about the changes to the business mix and funding on calls like this with clients and counterparties which really all go to the strength of our standalone credit profile and what we’ve done. And I think also when you look at the change in the business mix for example with fixed income, it really moved more towards cash than derivatives, and so that puts us in a good spot. And obviously the industry changed as well in the past year with adjustments post the ratings action. So, it would mute the impact of anything that maybe done on the ratings front, but I think the main thing is our – we think that all that we’re doing continues to build our standalone credit profile.
Ruth Porat: Correct. The majority of it was passive. The active was P&L neutral, and on the structured credit position there wasn’t a P&L impact as we really heads out the revenue and risk.
Ruth Porat: Our view is that, it is a cyclical headwind as you said, it continued backwardation and it won't turn on a dime. Cyclical changes can take time to turn, but it is cyclical. It affects opportunities for us. It affects opportunities for clients related to in particular structured solutions which benefited us last year, but we do view it as cyclical.
Ruth Porat: So, a couple of things. In terms of the international Wealth Management market and you nailed it, it's a small move. If you look at the supplement from the fourth quarter to now, it's about a 10 basis point difference, so a small portion of the – a  small difference. In terms of the overall margin, I think I’d highlight two points. One was the strength of the new issue underwriting activity. In particular closed-end fund activity was very favorable last quarter and that helped on the top line. So, that you can assume we’re going to have the same volume in the next quarter, that was a positive. Expenses clearly we have remained focused on and the integration being done and rolling off was very much as planned and we’re continuing to stay focused on the expense line. But I think if you’re looking forward to the second quarter assume expense is pretty much hold at that level, not withstanding the fact that we remain tight on expense discipline, you’ve got the closed-end fund new issue activity hard to forecast. We do see new issues activity generally a lot of that is outside the U.S. and the real catalyst comes from the U.S. At the same time the S&P is about 10% higher than at the end of the first quarter which benefited our fee based revenues. I think those two revenue items sort of offset one and other. And so at this point we’re holding kind of our margin expectation pretty much in the area where it is although you can see we’ve got a number of leverage that we’re continuing to push.
Ruth Porat: We've gone through obviously the CCAR which is a capital approval and gotten the non-objection there and then the approval Dodd-Frank process approval. We did the same thing last year when we did the 14% buy-in. That approval – so it's process approval versus capital approval, that approval last year came in May which wasn't really as relevant for timing because we didn't have the call until June and then we went through the arbitration process which took it out basically to the end of the summer. And I'm not suggesting they can read anything into that May date but it's the only proxy we have for what that timeline was at least last year.
Ruth Porat: Why don't I start on some of the technical? I think you're pointing in particular to our PPNR versus the Fed, which you could see in the disclosure. Our understanding is that the Fed had its own model which relies on historic data and given we've invested meaningfully to increase the quality and consistently of earnings, there have been charges that have obviously been going through the P&L such as MBIA which are negatives and short financials, but on a go-forward basis eliminated drag, improved the quality and consistently of results. And so it's understandable there's a difference between the two if one forecast is based on historic results on the impact and the other is looking at a fundamentally different business mix. We don't know the extent to which those historic results in the Fed model were adjusted and so it's hard to know precisely how the models are different. But that in our view is one of the key things that we're focused on working on over the next period of time before the next submission to (inaudible). That being said if you just look at our fourth quarter earnings and our first quarter earnings, the first two quarters of the CCAR submission that would add an additional 60 basis points to our ratios. So we will be focused on dealing with the PPNR differences and methodology. We are continuing to accrete capital and we think that that does continue to give us degrees of flexibility.
Ruth Porat: Well, it's a number of items that does move around and it's difficult to model. It includes things like our long-term debt hedging program and our bank liquidity portfolio, our loan book, DCP. So it's kind of an aggregation of a number of different items.
Ruth Porat: I think that beginning of the year and having some departures is not in any way unusual. We actually feel very good about the strength of the team. We've got a very talented senior team, been together for many years. We've hired and think it's a great time at Morgan Stanley to be adding senior talent. People are excited to join given the clarity of where we're going and the momentum moving in that direction. So it's kind of seasonal and we don't read anything into it.
Ruth Porat: Yes, it is. The M&A lead tables are exactly the same as they were last year, it tends to be lumpy in the first quarter and particular given market environment with low activity of levels and we’re consistent leader of a very strong M&A franchise as I noted in my comments, part of it is just that lower volume and it tends to be lumpy and part of it we had a very strong fourth quarter and there were some fee realization that moved in – within the fourth quarter, so that partially explains it as well, but we feel very good about this and I think if you’re just objectively look at the lead table, this year and last year it [dwells] throughout the year.
Ruth Porat: No, there was nothing unusual. As I said the strength versus what is usually a seasonally lower margin, it's typically seasonally low because compensation expense tends to be a bit higher in the first quarter. But what we had offsetting that, as I noted, was the stronger transactional volume, the new issue activity with closed-end funds. That really helped coupled with the ongoing expense discipline. And so if we look forward, you're starting with the good base in the first quarter was at 17%.
Ruth Porat: Deposits came up in December. We saw some selling out of the markets. We think it was primarily tax driven by investors as distinct from real concern about the market. But our expectation was that it would come back into the market in the beginning of the first quarter and it did. So it's really just the positioning by investors at the end of last year, then coming back into the market and staying in the market as they have. So no, there's not anything more to it than that.
Ruth Porat: No. We set a target of 2% market share increase, kind of 8% total market share for fixed income sales and trading. We feel very confident with that given the products that our fixed income underwriting, which is actually reported – those sales are reported in the investment banking line and we did have a record – we had a record quarter last quarter. The first quarter was actually the best ever first quarter that we've had. What that ends up driving is the secondary sales and trading as you know well, but we feel very good about – we remain very much focused on our share gains, equally focused on how we optimize returns. So it's really both of those, but no change.
Ruth Porat: The 60% compensation ratio in the first quarter is precisely the reason we had indicated that the margin tends to be seasonally weaker in the first quarter, these tend to have fairly higher comp in the first quarter or things like FICA and other factors. So it does tend to be a bit higher. Coming down a point or so near term is very – it's a reasonable way to think about it, but the great – the best driver of the comp ratio over time is really the growth of our lending product. As we talked about, we're going to have deposits up to about 140 billion in the two years, post buying in the rest of the Wealth Management business. That's going to support growth of both Wealth Management lending product and Institutional product. And on the Wealth Management side, it's on a different compensation grid relative to the [formulate] grid that generally drives that comp ratio and that is what really gives us meaningful operating leverage in the comp line and that brings it down to the high 50s.
Ruth Porat: On the LCR, we're over 125% and that really has given all that we've done terming out the secured book. It's obviously just a 30-day test and we do triangulate, as we've talked about on some prior calls, with an outlook over 12-month period of time in a stress environment. One of the reasons liquidity is running at these higher levels as I noted, is that we want to ensure that we have ample liquidity assuming we do acquire the 35% of Wealth Management. So there’s a bit of flexibility thereafter.
Ruth Porat: So, the deposits, the way it works is, they come in over the two-year period of time. We get about 14 billion of deposits within a few weeks of closing, and then 40 billion ratably over the following 24 months. And that will -- that supports as I just said both retail lending as well as institutional lending. And I think the best way to think about it is, one it gives us growth opportunities because there’s a suite of products within institutional securities that haven’t grown as much as they could because they would be funded with unsecured debt versus substantially more efficient deposits, but they’re still bank appropriate areas and areas where we have, we’ll expertise. So, whether you’re talking about project finance or commercial real-estate those are good examples of areas where we get our incremental growth opportunities based on our competencies today and our clients today, but it would be funded with more efficient deposits in the bank. And then there are also areas where we will be able to move businesses from institutional securities into the bank and that enabled us to do it dollar-for-dollar substitution, reducing unsecured debt and replacing that with deposit funding which is more efficient. And so yes there is some efficiency that comes in, in that way. And then overall if the question is also and what does that do for liquidity. As those deposits which are currently really supporting the AFS portfolio go into support the lending product the bank liquidity comes down as those are moving into support loan growth.
Ruth Porat: Yeah, it's all – if you take a look over time the answer to that is yes, but as those deposits come in for example that first 14 billion of deposits …
Ruth Porat: It goes up; then it goes into the AFS portfolio; it's positive carry on the AFS portfolio as it comes down again because it's supporting loan growth. Yes, it does come down again but at a higher return.
Ruth Porat: You know the run rate we do think given the markets where more challenging especially in March just affected activity and as I noted rates was lower and then commodities is dealing with a cyclical headwinds we’ve talked about. So, I think it is very fair to say we don’t deal a $1.5 billion of revenues. Our revenues this quarter is a ceiling on what’s attainable, even with quarterly seasonality. And you know I point you to the strength that we have in a lot of areas like credit and the mortgage product and foreign exchange and we’d expect that rate – rates are higher, so we do think that given the strength of the client activity levels that there is upside from here. I think an interesting way to even just look at client activity and volumes across the platform is just looking at the brokerage and clearing line which is up, which really goes to client activity. So long way of saying it, if we don’t think that $1.5 billion in revenues is a ceiling and look forward to the continued activity.
Ruth Porat: Well as James said, our number one focus is closing the Wealth Management acquisitions, given the strategic benefit in the upside, promoting 100%. So, we're just focused on closing that acquisition, which was our capital progress. We are accreting capital. Your question is fair, but we want to get it closed before we think about anything else.
Ruth Porat: In 2009, it became clear that over time we would be buying in the remainder of the Wealth Management business, and at that point started investing in the systems, the risk management personnel, analytics to ensure that at the point we ended up with the full 140 billion in place, we had the systems and infrastructure requirements there. The gating factor is and we've used this word so often in describing how we're building up the banking team and the banking effort within Wealth Management its prudent consistent growth. There is no reason to rush it. We want to make sure that we do it in a high quality way and that we're leading with risk management. So, it is better to do it prudently over time than to try and rush it. That is really the governor of the growth in that business. We feel good about the strength and the build. As James said, it's both on the mortgage side and on the PLA side and that's what we're continuing to do.
Ruth Porat: I will note one other thing, we've said this I think last quarter that relative to our peers we are under penetrated in the lending product, and so what we're seeing is good take up and we're just keeping it at a measured pace.
Ruth Porat: Well, so we talked about the fact a couple of quarters – I think over a year ago now that we moved from fair value to HFI for our lending products, that's most relevant for what we're doing on the institutional side. And at this point, about 69% of the book is on HFI. So that has been the approach that was very clear coming out of the CCAR process over a year ago that that was a logical way to approach it and that's what we've been doing systematically.
James P. Gorman: And I think Howard, the difference between what we submitted and believed the models should throw out and what ultimately came out of the black box that is the CCAR process was actually narrower – the difference was narrower than what it was last year. We've obviously got better at it and I think it was relative to some of the other firms out there was frankly not a very surprising result. So we'll play this forward. Our focus now is getting the Smith Barney which we got the capital approved.
James P. Gorman: And more specifically, the attrition is actually trekking along exactly what it was last year. And I believe and Celeste will correct me later, a little low than what it was the year before.
James P. Gorman: Well, I think Mike there are couple of questions meshed together there. I think the actions on reducing our risk-weighted assets and fixed income from I believe it was $390 billion in the third quarter of ’11 to $253 billion this year, we’re a year ahead of schedule last year and we’re at the end of the years point already in the first quarter of this year, it would be easy to reduce it faster, but you would also destroy revenues and destroy good businesses. So, our job is to balance a sensible risk-weighted asset reduction without destroying revenues and parts of that business that we find very attractive. So, we actually think we’ve been very aggressive bringing it down from $390 billion to a committed sub $200 billion by 2016. If we see more sensible opportunities which don’t destroy value, obviously we’d be all over it. The capital buyback is completely different topic. The – as we said at the beginning of the year, we adopted a very clear posture with our regulators, which was that our focus was on the strategic benefits of buying Smith Barney for two reasons. One, it was an attractive business and being already carrying the effective cost of the capital for that business, so we wanted the earnings from it. And its $600 million pre-tax a quarter, 35% is real money. So that was our focus. We didn’t want anything to get into the road to that focus. We did not want to jeopardize that focus by prejudging where we come out on CCAR or prejudging how the beginning of the year would start. The beginning of the year has started at $1.2 billion, significantly above where we were in the fourth quarter as CCAR came out at 5.7, I think 5.6 net of the capital allocation in this. So we’re now waiting for the federal reserves to go through the application process. When they do that we know our number and as we go through the year, obviously the next question we’ve for ourselves is when and under what conditions we have to see buybacks, but we’re not going to react very short-term on this. We’re trying to do get this firm back on the rails which we’ve done over the last couple of years in a very deliberate path and we believe we’re now well on that path.
James P. Gorman: Well, I have to take that one again Mike, because I was the one who foolishly couple of years ago went out with a 20% margin when we had then three years of zero interest rates following out. So I admitted to my mistake on that and we set a more conservative margin target for the middle of this year, which was 15%. The fact, we’re ahead of it is good news. Now we’re certainly not going to turnaround and reset margins based upon short-term impact. So our job is less around what’s setting the margins is actually delivering them and what I’m pleased about is the fact that we’re delivering those margins. The competitor numbers I’m not going to talk about except to observe that they actually have a different business mix that comprises that ultimate margin number.
