James Gorman: Thank you, Kathleen, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on what is the last earnings call from our favorite CFO, Ruth Porat. I will now give you some highlights for the first quarter results and mark to market our execution against the strategic plan that we provided an update of in January. We begin this year on a solid footing with all businesses contributing to our performance. Excluding DVA, this was the strongest quarter in firm revenue and PBT in many years. In fact, it was the second best quarter in revenue, ex-DVA, in the firm's 80 year history. Key highlights include the following. Equity showed continued leadership. We delivered strong performance across products and regions both quarter over quarter and year over year. Fixed income delivered a stronger quarter consistent with our strategy. Investment Banking performed solidly and the pipeline remains healthy. Wealth Management achieved record revenue, record revenue per financial advisor and delivered a pretax margin of 22%. Investment Management results were steady but there's more to be done as this business remains an important part of our growth opportunity. Most significantly we took a meaningful step toward achieving our state of return on equity target, delivering in this quarter an ROE of 10.1%. This ROE excludes the affect of the net discrete tax benefit and DVA. On a reported basis, as you'll have seen, the ROE for the quarter was actually 14.2%. This performance reflects our strategic plan and demonstrates the business' flexibility to respond to increased client activity and market movements. While the firm has clearly made progress, there remains work to be done in achieving the six-point plan we laid out in January. An update of which I'll briefly provide today. First, we continue to improve our wealth management margin, which reached 22% for the quarter. The business is also benefiting from additional factors described during our last call. Secondly, we'll continue to execute on our bank strategy through deploying our deposits and again delivering prudent loan growth across Wealth Management and institutional securities. Third, fixed income and commodities saw its strongest revenue quarter in three years, as volumes returned to the market with increased volatility. This quarter was important evidence of the execution of our strategy to significantly reduce the capital required to support the fixed income business, while maintaining the appropriately sized global footprint to meet our client’s needs. Needless to say, we must see this play out for more than one quarter. Fourth, we're just beginning to realize the benefit of lower funding costs as we refinance the debt post crisis. This provides us with a tailwind across the businesses. We maintained our focus on expense management discipline and showed strong progress in the first quarter, delivering an overall expense ratio of 72%, excluding DVA. This level reflects an Institutional Securities compensation ratio of 38% and that ratio is consistent with our stated target of being at or below 39%. Finally, with respect to steadily increasing capital returns to shareholders, we were pleased to receive a non-objection from the Federal Reserve on our 2015 capital plan to increase our dividend to $0.15 per quarter and a repurchase up to $3.1 billion of common stock for the five quarters beginning in the second quarter of this year. We hope to maintain this trend of increasing dividends and share repurchases in future cycles, subject of course to regulatory approval. In aggregate, we continue to execute against the benchmarks previously established and will remain focused on them for the duration of 2015. Before closing I would like to note several organization changes we recently made. These changes, where we moved executives across the firm, reflect our strong desire to build a very deep bench of senior management for the years ahead. And finally, I would like to thank our CFO Ruth Porat for her partnership, friendship and commitment to Morgan Stanley and to me personally. She has been an extraordinarily highly valued part of my team for the five years and a tremendous asset to this firm since her arrival. We indeed have been lucky to have her. We are delighted to appoint as CFO, Jon Pruzan, a 20 year veteran of our investment banking division at the end of this month, and I wish John luck in this new role. I will now turn the call over to Ruth to discuss the quarter in detail.
James Gorman: Well, Mike, first of all, appreciate you noting the first quarter. We have, as you know, resisted giving you a formal time frame because obviously, the ROE is an output and it's a function of returns, both revenue and expenses, as well as it is of capital accretive over time and what our capital plans are. So we have resisted trying to put a formal date on it. I can assure you everybody in this building would want it sooner rather than later. And the fact that we achieved it in a good environment but not an extraordinary environment in the first quarter and before many of the tailwinds that we have behind us are fully baked in, was very comforting. We're not going to give you a formal date on this. We are intent on achieving a 10% ROE year over year and beyond that in the outgoing years. So we're off to a good start here in 2015, and let's hope we keep it up.
James Gorman: I think the key to this is we did not dial up risk to generate these earnings. Whether we left money on the table if things had turned out differently, some people might have said we left losses on the table. In this situation, we didn't dial up the risk. We delivered the earnings. But obviously we have a very successful trading business in parts of this firm. And they will react to the market volatility as I said.
James Gorman: The main takeaway on that is that the big legal stuff relating to the crisis we feel is behind us. We are dealing with some of the one-off smaller events as we move forward here.
James Gorman: I'd just add to that, Mike, that remember coming out of the financial crisis our prime brokerage business clearly took a hit. And that is being rebuilt. I think over time, essentially gained share. The strength of that business has been a real additive. And secondly, these businesses do well in a large part because of the quality of the leadership team running them. And we've had a very stable and strong, deep leadership team running now [ph] these business for several years, and I think that makes a difference.
James Gorman: Well, let me take a cut at that, and I'm sure Ruth will add on. Firstly, I think a lot of folks really haven't given much attention to the E part of this equation. When we started as a team five years ago, our E was around $40 billion; it's now around $68 billion, I think. So if we were still operating with the same equity we had five years ago, our ROE would actually be in the order of magnitude of 15%, our ROET well above that. So we've been through a major repositioning of this firm in the regulatory environment. The key has been to put ourselves in a position where we had enough capital, where we wouldn't be going, needing to go out and raise capital, accrete excess capital and so on. And ultimately, the test of that would be successful CCAR capital distributions. We've now had three years where we've lifted our dividend from $0.20 to $0.40, now $0.60 a year. Lifted our buyback from 500 to 1 billion to now 2.5 billion, and we expect to increase capital actions in the years ahead. The E part of this equation, I think, deserves a little bit of attention. On the R side, two things are going on. One, we have a very, very focused non-comp expense program we've had in process for a few years, which has a huge team here, led by Charlie Chasen here. They are very focused on that. We're not going to let go or let hold of the non-comp side. And on the comps side, it's pretty clear. We said the ISG comp to revenue ratio would be below 40%, and indeed it was. And we're bringing down the comp to revenue ratio for the other businesses as we build scale. Then you look at where the opportunities are, and they are many, frankly. We're not yet in a global economy which is by any means robust. The Wealth Management full transition to the managed product hasn't yet occurred. The bank loan products, we've still got tremendous capacity there. We haven't seen the interest rate hike, which we're going to get at some point in the future. The M&A and ECM businesses clearly will pick up as the global economies pickup, and I could go on with a long list. I'm giving a long answer because it's a complicated, multifaceted thing. But I would look at all of those, starting with the move to non-comp, the comp to revenue commitments, capital plans and then follow with the particular revenue drivers in each of the businesses that exist today and are likely to exist in the changing, high rate environment going forward.
James Gorman: Well, this is one of those questions which, depending on the environment, you could ask it one way or the other. A lot of people spend their time complaining about the churning on transaction type accounts, which is why the fee-based industry has really evolved. Where clients, certain clients, have wanted the certainty of knowing they pay one fee, and with that they either do none or as much transaction activity as they want to do. So it seems to me it would be a very natural market segmentation. There will be some clients for example, people with large restricted stock positions, which that would probably not be something they want to do. But from many others who want a more advice driven relationship, it obviously is. Whether its transaction activity or fee-based activity, we have an enormous compliance operation in our wealth management division, driven down to the branch level. Both at the personal touch level and also at the model-driven level, where we look for exceptions, which looks at suitability, concentration risk and all the other things that you would expect to make sure that the clients are properly served at the pricing that they're getting.
James Gorman: Just think about where we've come from. The SLR, we're at about 4.2%; a year ago, we were at 5.1%. With some of the actions we took, we intentionally depleted our capital in the last several months, including the charge relating to the Attorney General action, Department of Justice, and the charge related to our deferrals. The good news is we're above 5% now. We have several years to stave up 5%. We have several years to work the balance sheet and, as necessary, use preferred securities. So we have a long runway to keep this in motion, and we're pretty confident we can stay above 5% and do the things that Ruth talked about.
James Gorman: I think firstly, just looking at the banking franchise, it's a terrific franchise. We actually had a strong quarter; some others had very strong quarters, all power to them. We have a good pipeline. Obviously, it's a lumpier business in any 13-week period than some of the other businesses, so you're going to expect a little more bouncing around. No concerns there. We are seeing a pickup in Europe. Asia has been slow. Japan was a little slow earlier in the year, but we're starting to see some cross-border activity there. Well-positioned strong franchises in Japan and China. So I think the outlook remains very firm.
James Gorman: I think that brings this call to an end. I just wanted to take a moment to thank our dear friend Ruth, wish her well. I'm also sorry to see the analysts are now moving to the West Coast, following her. We'll have to pick up some others over here. But on a more serious note, she's been a great partner. Has sat in the office next to me for five years, and done a terrific job in helping get this firm back from the depths of the financial crisis. And it takes a great team. Ruth had a great team working with her. She followed also a terrific CFO, who helped us navigate the crisis during extraordinarily stressful period, Tom Kelleher. And she now precedes another new CFO, as I said John Pruzan, who I think will also be terrific. And throughout it all, we've had a deputy CFO that many of you have not heard on these calls, but has been in many of the meetings. Paul Wirth has been an extraordinary able and steady hand now through the last three CFOs we've had at this firm, so great team. Thank you Ruth. We wish you well. And don't forget us. We're going to leave Ruth with something to remind her of Morgan Stanley, not that she would ever forget us. But we wish her the best. Thanks, everybody, for a good call.
Ruth Porat: Certainly. We had strong contribution from around the globe. Strength in EMEA across products with meaningfully higher client volumes. The bigger driver was strength in macro rates and FX were up nicely year over year; and, importantly, that's not withstanding a meaningfully lower balance sheet, and RWAs and fixed income were also lower; they were actually at $174 billion. So through our target, we're keeping our target at $108 billion; but this really goes to what we've talked about over many quarters. Our focus is on centralized resource management, so nice performance there. Credit was up from a weak fourth quarter, although not at last year's levels. And then as you noted in commodities, Q1 is seasonally strong. And even with the sale of TMG, TransMontaigne, in last year's results we were up. And the performance was across the board. It was physical client flows, structured transactions for clients. So we saw strength across the board there.
Ruth Porat: Well, as you've heard us say many times, we're committed to selling oil merchanting; and we'll let you know when we have something to say.
Ruth Porat: So included both active and passive mitigation. There was some benefit from market move as well. It was really all three.
Ruth Porat: So, you actually answered in your question. There were some ins and outs. But obviously given it is an average calculation, there are timing implications that flow through. And you can see, therefore, more capital moved up to ISG.
Ruth Porat: Well, over time it will. I mean, the required capital calculation is based on the capital regime in place today at any point time. So that does continue to be on a transitional basis. Over time, you'll see a reduction in some of the phased introductions. So it will change over time, and more of that parent capital would be allocated across the businesses, but more of it going to ISG over time. But of course, that's a couple year period on the phase in.
Ruth Porat: Yes it is. Various numbers are we reported 14.2% translates to 16.6% on tangible. And so adjusting up for DVA and discrete tax benefits, equivalent ROTE rate of 11.9%.
Ruth Porat: So, VaR is heavily weighted to changes in current market volatility. And as you know our VaR was flat, but what we're focused on is our VaR was flat on performance. We were very active with clients. We were able to achieve VaR efficiency. We reduced balance sheet in certain areas that were less constructive. We reallocated by client activity. We have capacity to take VaR up. But you can see in the results, we had strong performance with flat VaR.
Ruth Porat: Well, I think that fundamental regulatory change was needed with the backdrop of 2008, and it was implemented. And I think there's been meaningful improvement in the stability and resiliency of the industry as a result with all that's been done. The higher capital levels, liquidity stress testing, recovery plans, resolution plans, governance -- all the changes in business activity. I think if I look back over the last five years, some made those changes kicking and screaming. I think we were of the view that it was clear where it was going and it was needed and are proud of the changes we've made. I think at this point given how much has been accomplished, it is time to pause, digest and assess. It will be good to have a timeout and see the impact on markets and see where there was an undershoot and an overshoot. And hopefully that's what we see going forward. I think the main point is the industry is substantially more resilient, and that's a big accomplishment. It's a lot of work to get here for all of us. It may mean lower returns but it means a more resilient industry; and that's a positive place to be.
Ruth Porat: I'm glad you asked that. It was a comment specific to commodities. In commodities, it was a combination of structured activity, the physical and trading activity. The majority of client facing flow in structured business, it was in the backdrop of what's gone on in the oil markets, it was good to see the volume of structured transactions. But as I said, I'm not going to do a forecast on.
Ruth Porat: Well, commodities as you know well, is stronger in the first quarter. And so it was up some versus last quarter. But the bigger driver was the strength in macro with rates and foreign exchange up nicely year over year.
Ruth Porat: So, two parts to that question. At 6% sync [ph] I noted that it's down to $174 billion; and we're retaining the target at $180 billion. We're very focused on RWA efficiency, and we've indicated there's another $25 billion that runs off post 2015. And we're going to be very clinical and flexible in the way we allocate that capital across the franchise in a way that optimizes returns. But to your question, would we want you to straight line from there, I think I've answered that.
Ruth Porat: Yes, the main thing is we got a higher authorization and that we start executing on the share repurchase as we come out of the second quarter. And we expect to execute that radically over the time period.
Ruth Porat: Well as we've talked about on many quarters, we run the business with a nine box strategy product across the top cash derivatives in PB and then regions, Americas, EMEA and Asia. In the first quarter, every box was strong. The big theme, as I said, was increased investor interest outside of the US, and particularly US investors in the rest of the world. We clearly saw a pick up in client engagement in the EU on the back of the CB actions, but we also saw cash share gains in Asia with a pickup in client activity on the Asia growth opportunity and relative value there. We had nice frets to the business. The key question is the ongoing macro backdrop, as I said, and the nature of volatility. This quarter was characterized by LV trending volatility and a lot worked well. It was the best quarter in a long time. Looking forward, we'd anchor the outlook to what we've see over the last few years. But there were a lot of good things going on around the globe.
Ruth Porat: So, respect to the DOL proposal, it's still in the comment period' there are a number of open items to address. Based on our best interpretation of the proposal at this point, we don't expect a meaningful impact on our business. We do expect some changes in activity, and we do expect more compliance-related costs.
Ruth Porat: Yes. Loan growth is still very much on plan, consistent with what James went through on the fourth quarter. We talked a lot about prudent loan grow. There is some seasonality with PLA in mortgages in the first quarter. But we have a healthy and diversified pipeline and expect it to continue to deliver steady prudent loan growth. The main point to talk about is two sizable franchises with diversified assets. We have ample opportunities for loan growth.
Ruth Porat: No, we commented that non-comp expense was up a bit here due in part to legal; but we're not breaking it out.
Ruth Porat: So we are of the view, and I've talked about this on prior calls, of the view that we're benefiting from a lot of investments in the business over many years. So it's back to early technology investments in the business that enable us to execute on behalf of clients in all market environments and do so on a cost efficient basis, where we're driving returns for stakeholders as well. It goes to the quality and content of the team, so that it very much is high tech, high touch and the breadth of the franchise. Talk about the nine box strategy because it's so core to way the team runs it, and with this maniacal focus within each box. But then as we talked about over many years now, a focus on what are the adjacencies, so that has we go deeper with clients in certain areas they go deeper with us. It is a very tightly run business, but its delivering results.
Ruth Porat: Well, this quarter was the result of a legal entity simplification consistent with resolution. We would still guide you to around 30% as the effective tax rate on a go-forward basis.
Ruth Porat: So, as we've talked about a number of calls, we allocate funding, balance sheet, liquidity based down to the product level. And it's really based on the asset mix, and so that's the real driver of it. We haven't broken that out, but it's going to benefit across sales and trading. And it's a nice tailwind that is increasingly building through 2016 year.
Ruth Porat: So when we set the comp ratio, it's with a full-year outlook. So the 38% is the full-year outlook. Again, that's all things equal. That's the way it's set. We remain very committed to rewarding those who drive returns. And we think with the steps we've taken on comp structure and the operating leverage in the business, this is a full-year outlook -- again, all things equal.
Ruth Porat: Well from the benefit this quarter was really both numerator and denominator. You're absolutely right; in the denominator, we have work streams against all the various gross ups, and we had reductions in net long CDS sold. And we're benefiting from compression activity, which I would say industry wide has become more business as usual, which we think is a real positive. We were early on that, and it's good to see it has been broadly embraced. The numerator clearly benefited from earnings in our preferred issuance early in the quarter. So we remain focused on all of the items that are possible and logical for mitigation. Compression, as I said, but across the board, remain focused on ensuring that if we're using balance sheet, where we're using balance sheet. It continues to provide the kind of returns commensurate with the capital that's being required here. And so it's, again, a deep focus; but it's both a numerator and a denominator benefit.
Ruth Porat: Well, we've talked about, I say it so often, I'm sure you're tired of hearing it, but we're focused on prudent loan growth across both wealth management and institutional securities. We do believe we have meaningful upside from here, given the scale of the client base and the relative penetration, in particular in wealth management. We've talked about that. The $200 billion deposit target is really married to our expected loan demand over the next several years. And so the execution plan on deposit growth, as we looked at what is the loan potential given these two large franchises, the expectation for deposit growth was two phases. The contractual on boarding from city, and as I think you know, that ends this quarter, the second quarter of 2015, but we are in an excess deposit position. Our loan to deposit ratio is at 51%. And even if we load in standby liquidity to support loans, the ratio is at 74%. So we do have a nice runway before we need additional deposits to support loan growth. And then as we've talked about on the fourth-quarter call and as Greg commented on, we have substantial organic deposit growth opportunity given our client base. We still have a large portion of cash held away. But it's really calculated with a lens to what is the loan growth opportunity across Wealth Management and institutional securities. And we see quite of bit of opportunity from here against which we will execute over time, prudently, leading with credit risk management.
Ruth Porat: Well, as we indicated from peak financing costs to end of 2016, it's down about 25%. And the benefit comes in as we refinance debt that was issued post crisis, given our credit spreads are meaningfully tighter. And so as we see more of that we refinance, the greater the benefits. That's why it lags in over time.
Ruth Porat: There is a decent opportunity. Some of the debt that we refinanced was put on pre-crisis, and so we've only recently begun to tap into that portion of it that was put on post crisis. At a certain point, it was actually more of a headwind. It's been turning recently to become a tailwind, and that's why we called it out when we did. We delayed to call it out and at the point at which we were starting, not to refinance the early 2000 debt, but what was put on post crisis. That's why it's a delayed benefit here. Delayed posts are the contraction we've seen in our credit spreads.
Ruth Porat: So, I've already answered part of it in response to an earlier question which is, we've talked frequently about the way to maximize return and capital over the longer term is to have steady increases. No discontinuous moves in the request for return of capital. And we're very pleased to have the ability this year, at the $3.1 billion share repurchase over the five quarter period and the dividends up 50%. So when we look at the requirement, there are clearly a number of them. Interest rate capital, it's SLR, it's the CCAR process itself, it's how you think about the stress losses. SLR obviously was not in CCAR in the last round. But we have a forward-looking lens as we think about the business, where we consider all of those factors. And as we looked to optimize the opportunity across the franchise, both from a returns perspective and the ability to return capital, we look through each one of those lenses. At this point though, as I said, SLR hasn't been included in the CCAR that would govern how much we can return. But that obviously hasn't stopped us implementing strong work streams to mitigate the gross up in the denominator, as we've already talked about on this call. We look at all. You have to look at all; you can't just tip to one versus the other. Again, it's with a lens that we want to ensure we're providing balance sheet capital behind client activity and doing it in the most constructive way. But it's complicated. There's no question with the multiplicity of requirements. But that's what we've been managing against.
Ruth Porat: Okay, sorry. On that, part of it is the CCAR process itself. We were pleased this year that on one input to the overall calculation, PP&R, the estimate by the Federal Reserve increased. We believe that reflects the greater consistency we have in earnings. We put a lot of effort behind trying to clarify that, and we're pleased that it picked up. And when you look at what were some of the things that took the total capital calculation lower, the leverage lower, there was a difference between estimates firm and Federal Reserve on balance sheet growth or RWAs over the period. And our view is that the test is a learning process, even though there's not that much transparency in it and that it's really about addressing some of those elements of it. So that's one component, trying to narrow the gap between the Federal Reserve's estimate and the firm's estimate on things like balance sheet growth. You know, is the fair value firm and we don't see that kind of balance sheet growth. And then on the second part of it, of course ensuring we are being very clinical and direct on balance sheet use in other elements of it. We look at all preferred and sub debt as ways to optimize capital over time, and we'll continue to do so. We've been doing that for the last couple of years.
Ruth Porat: Just 13 weeks ago, James refreshed our outlook on the six-point plan and provided we added another year on the bank outlook to give you a sense of the asset mix. And the real point of doing that was so that you could model, when you expect a rate increase. We're giving you our outlook on asset mix, and there's no updates there on what was reviewed last quarter.
Ruth Porat: I've indicated it was in both equities and in fixed income in macro products. But as I noted, it was not just Europe. We saw a focus on the opportunity in Asia as well. It's an early start to the quarter here. As we typically say at this point, a couple of weeks is not a quarter.
Ruth Porat: We did include the redemption of trust in CCAR because it's expensive relative to where it stands today. The rules are complicated, but we do remain focused on eliminating the drag. That was the piece we withdrew. We did not change our requested return of capital. The $3.1 billion share repurchase and the dividend increase of 50% weren't altered. And we're pleased to attest qualitatively.
Christian Bolu: James, on the regulatory environment, the SEC seems to be focused on the potential abuse of fee-based accounts, so-called reverse churning. Given Morgan Stanley's fee-based accounts have more than doubled since 2009, I'd be curious as to what kind of controls or checks you have in place to ensure the proper use of fee-based accounts at Morgan Stanley
Christian Bolu: Okay. That’s helpful. A question on the tax strategy. I think tax benefit seems to be recurrent theme quarter after quarter. At a very high level, could you explain the firm's tax strategy and how we should conceptually think about any tax benefits going forward.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Thank you. And just lastly, like the sentiments of my peers, it's been a pleasure working with you, Ruth. You're definitely going to be missed.
Steven Chubak: Okay. And then maybe switching over to the capital side for a moment. We're certainly pleased to see the significant build in the leverage ratio in the quarter. When parsing the individual components of that ratio, it looks like the improvement was really driven by a reduction in SLR add-ons more so than anything else. And I was just wondering if you could speak to what the current level is of those SLR add-ons, and maybe how we should be thinking about sources of future mitigation potential.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks, Ruth. And then just lastly on the Wealth Management side and specifically the new long-term deposit target of $200 billion, which Greg spoke to at a recent investor conference. In the past you've highlighted some metrics where maybe your under penetrated relative to peers to help drive future growth. And was hoping, in the context of this specific target, whether you could highlight any specific metrics which would support that additional growth towards that $200 billion.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks, Ruth. That's really helpful. And congrats on the new role and best of luck at future opportunity.
