Laurie Hylton: Sure, Dan. The severance is largely focused around the initiatives that we announced in June associated with the separate account project with Parametric and Eaton Vance management. So I think, we had announced we have made some significant – we’ve made a very significant hire at Parametric in terms of the Chief Technology Officer and some of the severance related to some employee changes around that initiative. And in terms of other significant fourth quarter impact items, there really was nothing else that would identify as being significant in the quarter.
Laurie Hylton: Dan, we’re still in very early days. Obviously, we’re working through a lot of the internal changes. I think that we had identified that we’re going to be consolidating sales professionals into a one single channel to cover RIA and multi-family offices, and we’re well underway in actually making those changes. We’re also, as we identified, consolidating under the Parametric brands, our tabs laddered in our corporate laddered businesses, so all those changes internally are well underway. We do anticipate that we will have, as we identified previously, incremental technology spends that we will be – and we will be making those investments throughout fiscal 2020. I would anticipate that we’ll see a modest uptick in our technology spend related to those efforts. We do firmly believe, however, that those efforts over time will result in a significantly more efficient platform, and therefore, we will not be seeing significant increases in headcount associated with that.
Laurie Hylton: I would not anticipate that we would see a significant change in margins. I think it’s important to keep in mind that roughly 55% of our costs at this point are fixed, 45% are variable. As I mentioned, we would anticipate seeing a modest uptick in the technology spend. But given the parameters that you outlined in terms of the forecast for next year, I would not anticipate seeing a significant change in margin.
Tom Faust: So a few things in there, I can respond to. So as far as I know, we were not impacted by any calling of products to use your words, so I don’t – we haven’t seen any changes yet. My understanding of the timing of the UBS initiative in separate accounts is that, they’re offering some, what I’ll say, internally or maybe technically managed by not UBS Wealth Management, but UBS Asset Management, but affiliate company offerings will begin entering the market in January 2020, and that they’re looking to add third-party managers to this new program that they announced, I believe starting in July. So we’re still some months away and we certainly have not committed to being a part of that program. Whether or not or to what degree it affects this business, I think, will largely be based on participation levels and I mean, that in two different respects. First, how active are UBS Financial Advisors in introducing these programs to their clients or converting their client business into these new programs. So is there a significant opt-in to these internal programs that will take effect in January? And then second, when the program becomes available to third-party managers, such as ourselves in the second-half of next year, what’s the participation rate among asset managers? And also, again, what’s the participation rate among UBS Financial Advisors? So it’s pretty early days. My impression is that some of the pricing and terms of these offerings are still at least somewhat in flux. One of the things we do like about this is importantly, that it recognizes the distinctive value of tax management and responsible investing with the – I believe under their proposal, this would – there would be a extra client charge, extra payment that would be passed through to the investment advisor associated with assets that are tax managed and assets that offer responsible investing as a component of that, and we are – we believe the market leader in both tax advantage and responsibly managed individual separate accounts. So in some ways, that’s an endorsement of our position in this business. They have described this as a move to bring institutional pricing to the individual separate account business. But from what we understand, the pricing levels that we’re proposing are generally quite a bit lower than our understanding of where institutional prices are. So I think it’ll be a challenge for advisors to embrace the UBS pricing without potentially adversing pricing of other business, where, in many cases, that most favored nation provisions will limit the ability to offer better prices to UBS clients, for example, than are offered to compliance of other broker dealers or other institutional clients. So I think, it’s pretty early days in terms of trying to anticipate what the impact of this will be, but maybe I’ll stop there on that topic.
Tom Faust: Yes. And that’s the – you’re right. That’s – why do people buy or sell bank loan strategies? These are below investment-grade strategies. So in addition to being floating rate, there is a credit component, that’s what you get paid for as a loan investor as to take credit risk during periods when credit risk is perceived as widening prices of loans typically fall. We have not seen a lot of price action. Bank loan prices have actually been quite stable. Overall moves in terms of the stock market and other sort of broad measures of economic expectations have generally been positive over the last couple of months. There’s certainly nothing in our portfolio of loan exposures, at least to the extent I’m aware, that suggests there are major concerns about credit emerging in the bank loan asset class. At some point, there will be a turn in the economic cycle. We certainly don’t believe that economic cycles have been in some way repealed, but there’s nothing in our crystal ball that suggests that a downward trend is imminent. And from the perspective of our team, the spreads offered and – the spreads and rates offered by floating rate bank loans are quite low today, are quite – sorry, quite attractive today and that the risk of a near-term downturn is seemingly quite low. I would also observe that the history of this asset class through market downturn has been generally quite attractive rates of recovery on loans that default reflecting the senior secured status of these assets. So we don’t see a cycle turning down anytime soon. We know at some point it will turn down, but the history of this asset class is that based on spreads in the market today and in the market over time that investors are being well compensated for the credit risk they’re taking by investing in floating rate bank loans.
Tom Faust: Yes. I guess to be determined, but let me start with the UBS question just to clarify. So maybe I use the term most favored nation provision, which I assume most people would know means that we have arrangements with broker dealers who offer retail managed account platforms. And also in some cases with institutional clients that that say broadly, that we want to offer the same strategy at a better price to a competitor. That is put in there typically at the insistence of the customer. But it also has a somewhat protective effect by enforcing an element of price discipline. So if somebody says within our organization, jeez, this is a great opportunity. We ought to offer this at a discounted fee level. It’s somewhat helpful to our business discipline, if we can say, no, we can’t offer that at that discounted fee level, because that means we have to reprice that same strategy to everyone, but to everywhere where we have a most favored nation provision in place. So that’s the – I think that’s the general idea. I’m not going to get into the specifics on contracts with individual organizations. But I think it’s fair to understand that there are most favored nations provisions employees covering these managed account programs of the type that UBS is – that we participate in a UBS. The other question was about, I guess, specifically the Schwab, TD Ameritrade merger proposal or announcement. And back a few weeks earlier, the elimination of trading commissions in certain retail brokerage transactions initiated also by Schwab. In the short run, I would say those changes, at least, the second, but the first one hasn’t happened yet. The merger of the two companies hasn’t happened yet. But what has happened is the elimination of trading commissions in both the direct business of Schwab and its competitors and they’re serving a registered investment advisors. So far, the short-term impact of that on our business has been positive. The effect is, on our individual customized separate account business is, clients aren’t paying commissions on trades and those accounts, which makes at the margin, owning separate accounts more attractive than owning similar exposures through a fund. And broadly speaking, when we sell customized individual separate accounts, in some cases, we’re competing against fund costs – fund structures, and to the extent, there’s a lower cost for implementing our strategies. That’s a benefit to our growth in those businesses and we have seen that. We have seen benefits from that and a few specific cases. I would say more broadly, as these changes take place with distribution partners and we are partners with all of these firms, increasingly, they will be looking for opportunities to either replace revenues in the case of the loss commissions or to build on existing relationships to otherwise drive revenue growth, that creates opportunities for us. So, I’d say, it cuts both ways. There’s a – there’s business growth opportunity. No doubt, as that industry consolidates, there will be some pressure to also consolidate the number or types of vendor relationships they have, including with asset management firms. And the imperative for our relationship management teams and sales teams is to make sure that if there is a reduction in relationships to include only the stronger relationships that were on the winning side of that, not the losing side.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So we are in discussion with the SEC. They control the timing of that, not us. So we can’t really speculate on timing. But I can confirm that we did submit a proposal. We’ve gotten comments back. We’ve been in dialogue with the SEC. We view the approval or the – I don’t think it was the final approval, but notice of intent to approve something to that effect, and being a positive for their openness to innovation in the space. We looked carefully at the terms of those approvals. One thing we would note is that, none of the approaches approved so far permit investments in asset classes other than cash and things that trade on exchanges during U.S. market hours. So generally, U.S. stocks and a few other categories of things, but it does not include traditional fixed income investments, which don’t trade on U.S. exchanges. It doesn’t trade – it doesn’t include foreign stocks. And we certainly believe that there is an advantage to the clear hedge method that should enable it, if approved, to provide funds that follow this method to invest across asset classes with greater confidence of maintaining tight trading markets and also greater confidence that they can maintain tight trading markets across all types of market conditions. So we think the window is open. We don’t know the timing. We’re up – we’re a newer submission than any of those that were approved. So nobody – nobody has jumped us in line in terms of the applications that got a favorable nod last week. But we feel good about the opportunity that’s here. Clearly, it’s going to be a very competitive landscape assuming some version of these now five approved ideas will make their way to the marketplace and time. In some ways, who wins or who loses will be defined by product features, relationships also will come into play, also, pricing will certainly come into play. But we want to continue to be active in this space and think that we have a differentiated technology that potentially, if we can persuade the SEC of this positions us to facilitate the offering of less transparent ETFs across all markets – across all asset classes.
Tom Faust: Sure. Just talking about our initiative in London, it certainly has not been a back burnered. We’ve continued to maintain and grow staff in our London office. We recently opened a small satellite office in Dublin as well. So we are committed to and expect to maintain a presence in the UK and Europe. And what maybe has been back burnered a bit is our ambitions and hopes to do a significant acquisition that would bring us broader non-U.S. distribution and investment capabilities outside of the United States. And it’s not for a lack of wanting, it’s for a lack of confidence that there’s a partner out there that makes sense for us. We kick the tires on a number of potential opportunities. And after, as you said, a few years of trying to do this in a significant way, I know that we’ve concluded that there’s no good partner for us. But we certainly are a bit frustrated that we haven’t found the right partner that in a transaction structure that would make sense for us. So that part of it has been has been back burnered. But certainly, our ambition to grow our business outside the United States organically or through strategic partnerships remains. In terms of things that we are looking for in potential acquisitions, I guess, I would highlight a couple. I’ve talked about our ambitions and our strong platform and responsible investing, if there’s a way to grow that, incrementally, we would be certainly open to that. In the past, I’ve talked about our strong position in credit markets, primarily through bank loans and high yield bonds. But the idea that that can provide a natural springboard for us into the private credit space is also something that we have looked at and continue to pursue. But as always we’ll be price-sensitive as we look at potential opportunities there. A third thing we’ve talked about, I think, I’ve been in this on a call earlier this year is the growth of our private client business or wealth management business, where we’ve seen a good organic growth and where we think there could be opportunities to benefit by participating in industry consolidation among wealth management firms, increasing our global – increasing our footprint across the U.S. and creating avenues for selling our wealth management strategy. So those are the three areas I would focus on. I would identify as focus areas responsible investing private credit in various forms and then wealth management businesses.
Tom Faust: Yes, that remains a good business for us. Those are private offerings. So we don’t provide a lot of detail on how that business is progressing. But it’s a – these are strategies offering diversification out of concentrated stock positions into broadly-based equity portfolios. And you would imagine, as the market cycle matures and people have large gains that those strategies continue to have broad appeal.
Tom Faust: Sure. So, I guess, maybe first to say that what I think people here know, but just to clarify, none of these things are actually approved in the marketplace and there are still some significant steps involved. With our next year’s initiative, we got a – we got an exemptive order issued, I think, in December of 2014, and we launched our first product in February of 2016. So I can’t say what the time window will be for these other strategies, but that was our experience. And we also got a listing and trading approval in the November, December 2014 timeframe. And I don’t believe any of these concepts have listing and trading approval. And I think for many of them, there’s not even an application that’s been filed. So I think it’ll be a while before these still come to market. I think, there have been some speculation that these might be in the market before the end of 2019. I think that’s not going to happen. In terms of clear hedge and where clear hedge – where funds utilizing the clear hedge method might fit into this. We are broadly in the camp of disclosing our proxy portfolio. So in that sense, similar to what you’re calling, the T. Rowe Price proposals, these four different ideas that got preliminary approval last week. What’s different about our approach is that, we include a second step, not only disclosing a proxy portfolio, but adding a second step whereby market makers can lay off the basis risk, that is the relative performance risk between the disclosed proxy portfolio and the funds are underlying assets by transacting with the fund itself through a swap type arrangement. The – so based on this sort of belt-and-suspender approach to achieving better trading efficiency, our case that we’re making to the SEC is that, funds relying on the clear hedge method because of this two step or belt-and-suspender approach to ensuring tight trading can be comfortably applied in places, where the SEC has not to date has been comfortably applying these other concepts, which would be funds that own things other than U.S. equities and cash or things that trade on U.S. exchanges, plus cash, which is the way the market is currently limited. So that’s our case. And also, our case is going to be that, because of this belt-and-suspenders two-stage approach that even in U.S. equity, where these other ideas are approved, our approach can be expected to trade better during periods of market stress, because we’re not in effect asking market makers to place blind bets on the relative performance of the known proxy portfolio versus the unknown portfolio that they are also going long and short in. So it’s a – think about it as a two-step process, one of which is very similar to this recent round of approval. But the other with this ability that we’re providing, where market makers could lay off the relative risk between the unknown fund holdings and the known proxy portfolio, which none of these other ideas incorporate, and that is subject to a patent that was issued to us about a year ago. So we’ll see how it goes. We’ve been in this game for quite a long time. I think we’ve learned a lot and are optimistic that we can put that learning to good use and hopefully see that translate into an approval and market success for funds utilizing the clear hedge method.
Tom Faust: Well, I think, the underlying premise of all these ideas is that disclosing your holdings every day, which is the current fully transparent ETF model, is not consistent with proprietary active management. So if I’m telling the world what my holdings are every day, I don’t consider that proprietary. And if I do that, they’re at least a couple of adverse effects on me that’s the investment advisor or my clients. One is other people can by seeing my changes in daily holdings can learn to anticipate my trades and potentially front run my trades and drive up my trading costs and then drive down returns. The other one is to the extent that on disclosing what is in effect my intellectual property, that is my model portfolio, giving that away to the market for free, I’m inviting other people to take advantage of that by offering the same or similar strategies at a lower price point similar to a generic drug. You don’t want to give away the $4 million and put it out in an unprotected form, which is what fully transparent ETFs do. But also, you’re providing significant information about if it’s a bond portfolio, how you’re feeling about the world in terms of how you’re shifting your duration exposure, how you’re shifting your credit exposure in a way that could give you insights in – give insights to your competitors to take or potentially use to improve their performance potentially and harm your performance. So it’s – do you believe in proprietary management and do you believe there’s something that’s worth protecting about that? If you do, the fully transparent structure, we think falls short. All of these ideas, including our own, are seeking to provide the benefits of truly proprietary active management to end customers in an ETF form, which is not heretofore been available.
