James Gorman: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before handing over the call here to Ruth, I wanted to give some brief remarks about our results and update you on our strategic initiatives. Our quarterly financial results were clearly affected by the significant slowing of capital markets again last quarter and continued through the summer and into September. Volumes and client activity across our businesses, particularly in the first half of the quarter, were weak as institutional and retail investors continued to avoid risk assets. That said, this quarter we achieved some key milestones in shaping our future and the firm delivered improved performance across investment banking, wealth management, and asset management. While these businesses performed well, our aggregate results for the quarter were disappointing and do not reflect the full potential of this franchise. Morgan Stanley remains a work in progress. We are rebalancing the firm to more effectively leverage our capital base and balance sheet. We are adopting a model consistent with the legislative changes emanating from the Dodd-Frank bill and the regulatory changes being crystallized through Basel III. We are reallocating our capital and our balance sheet away from proprietary businesses and reinvesting it in our client businesses. An initiative this quarter consistent with this rebalancing was the restructuring of our ownership in the hedge fund, FrontPoint Partners whereby we will significantly reduce our total ownership. Within our business segments, we saw progress in many areas, although some businesses clearly remain subdued, most notably fixed income, as Ruth will detail in a moment. In institutional securities, we are broadening our client footprint and expanding our strengths and capabilities. This was evidenced by increased market share in all capital markets' underwriting products, as well as the improvement in our institutional investor rankings. In global wealth management, while progress will never be a straight line, we saw improvement on our key metrics including pretax margin and net new money flows, while delivering steady revenue in a very challenging environment. Encouragingly, retail investor activity appeared to bottom earlier in the quarter. The build of our technology platform is expected to be completed by the third quarter of next year, followed by a series of rollouts extending into 2012. Key decisions on the integration are being made and being executed. While this is a complex integration task, we have no major concerns about the plans or progress, although as we previously said, financial performance of the business is obviously somewhat market-dependent. In asset management, we continue to restructure the business, as evidenced by our reduced ownership in FrontPoint Partners and the hiring of several talented executives into the long-only institutional business. We will be rolling out more detailed plans in coming months. Let me finish briefly by commenting on the regulation environment. The regulatory changes are real, permanent and will fundamentally reshape the industry. With respect to capital, Ruth will outline the potential impact on our risk-weighted assets under the proposed framework. Morgan Stanley is embracing the changes, rapidly evolving our business model to position our firm to thrive in the future. Now, please I'll turn it over to Ruth for more details on the specific third quarter results.
James Gorman: We – actually Guy, we started this review probably 18 months ago to look at all the capital we have tied up in our principal investing businesses and the percent in each of the funds that we have, the seed capital that we have across our various asset management businesses, and obviously our ownership stake. So it's been a very long and thought-through process and we are right in the middle of executing on it now.
James Gorman: On – FrontPoint was – firstly, I think it is challenging for institutions like us for lots of reasons, including conflict to own – fully own 100% of hedge funds. Secondly, we do have about $300 million of seed capital tied up in FrontPoint and we obviously have a plan to – it's sort of more than that [ph] – we have a plan to repatriate that over relatively short period of time. And we just feel comfortable as a minority stakeholder with a different structure of compensating us as a minority holder, if you will, in terms of revenue share than we had as a 100% owner. So it has multiple benefits and it clarifies what we do and it clarifies what FrontPoint does and allows them to go about their business.
James Gorman: Well, I'm on a roll here, so why don't I just continue? The asset management fees in that business are a mix obviously of the total assets in the various forms of asset management accounts, the discretionary accounts through to the fund-of-funds accounts, the managed money accounts, and the sort of priced fee accounts. So they are a function of three things; one is the pricing-only accounts, two is the absolute asset volumes in the market, and three is the flow of new assets either from outside the firm or existing assets from within the firm that get moved into those accounts as clients prefer to pay by fee. All of those three things have been positive in that business. It reflects a very strong Smith Barney leverage – legacy in this space, which is now being applied to the former Morgan Stanley Dean Witter business. And that's why we are seeing, I think, the increase in absolute asset levels and in revenues from it. And it's a good thing for the business.
James Gorman: I'd just add to that, Roger. The valuation of that property is affected less by commercial real estate players and the valuations of the gaming industry and customer spend and traffic and so on, and specifically gaming industry in Atlantic City. This is, after all, a half-built casino in Atlantic City.
James Gorman: And longer term, strategically, Asia and China specifically have become much more important to Morgan Stanley, given our CIC relationship, our significant business in the Mainland and out of Hong Kong, and our business in other parts of – regional parts of Asia.
James Gorman: Well, that's a large question, Howard, which I think we would have to have another conference to answer it accurately. Clearly, we have in our hand the ability to turn the dial up and down on the various businesses that we have. And if we look across our businesses, historically, wealth management businesses have generated returns of up to 45% return on capital; asset management businesses have generated returns between 25% and 35%; core investment banking businesses, effectively infinity; and the sales and trading businesses, as you know, it depends which business and how much balance sheet you are using and with what risk and so on. And that's where you have dollar [ph] turning ability. So as we think about the various pieces that make up Morgan Stanley, take into account obviously the risk-weighted asset changes, and as we extrapolate privately on what the numerator number that the previous, I think it was Roger or Mike was calling about, we clearly believe the industry and those that have survived the financial crisis and have consolidated positions are in a position, if well managed, to extract that kind of mid-high teen returns that we talked about. So it's – obviously, our long-term desire is to meet and exceed our cost to capital and we have a lot of levers that we are working on.
James Gorman: Yes, fair question. Let me take that one. We – a couple of years ago, when we hired, and the person you are talking about is CC Sutton, who is a terrific person and has gone to run part of Citigroup's retail banking network. She came out of that kind of job at Wachovia. When she joined us a couple of years ago, we were contemplating as in the world of turmoil and change in financial services of a potential roll-up strategy of different retail banking networks attaching them to our brokerage business. Subsequent to that thinking, however, which was not particularly well formed – it was just opportunistic and we were exploring what was available in raising our deposit base. Subsequent to that thinking, we conducted the Smith Barney transaction, which has exposed us to obviously a much larger retail client base, nearly 1,000 offices domestically and a lot more deposits ultimately. So, we had a change in strategy, which was to instead of buying banks with all the integration challenges associated with that, we decided to build effectively a shadow private bank by putting private bankers in each of our major complexes around the country. And that process is well underway, it's generating significant loan particularly in deposit interest, and we expect it to be a very important part of our strategy going forward and it has a different compensable revenue structure than traditional equities and securities businesses. So it's well on track. We wish CC well, she's a great person. And the business remains on track and is of a different style and type than what we anticipated.
James Gorman: Well, there is a lot in that. Let me give you just a couple of reactions and I think your opening comment was the best one, which is that we take a long-term view. We certainly aren’t going to measure our ROE over a summer month quarter where the world was trying to understand whether we would have a sovereign debt crisis in Europe and whether we would have a double-dip recession in the U.S., and whether China would be in for a hard landing. So, we have to take a longer-term view, as I'm sure and I know you understand. We – listen, we think we have the right mix of businesses. Our business model is pretty straightforward. We spun off Discover, we spun off Van Kampen, we have now spun off FrontPoint, we spun off MSCI. We are focused on businesses that are involved in the origination, distribution, and management of capital. We have a lot of dials that I talked about earlier that we can turn. But we are in a transition period. And we are focused on disciplined execution, not making mistakes, not creating drags unnecessarily on our business, but respecting the fact we have to invest in our platform, our distribution, and our flow businesses to get to the scale that gives us the ROE kind of numbers that I talked about earlier. And we are right in the middle of that investment now, whether it be Smith Barney, whether it be our fixed income cross rates, emerging markets, foreign exchange, particularly equity derivatives, you name it. We are making those investments, because we are planning for the long run.
James Gorman: Well, let me take a cut at it, and Ruth may want to add to it. Firstly, again, not to be silly about it, but quarters come around pretty quickly. In fact, they have an unnerving frequency of every 13 weeks, and this 13 weeks, we had a very, very difficult July on the flow side and the various positions we took, we had modest performance. It was a slow August, and it was a late Labor Day September. So we are in a rebuild. We have hired, I believe, 70% of our target hires for this year. Most of those people came on board in the second quarter and the third quarter, and we expect them to be sort of fully productive by the first quarter of next year. It takes people with (inaudible) and all that sort of stuff, three, six months to get up and running. So we feel pretty good about the footprint build-out. We are not exactly where we want to be, but we are a lot better off than we were 12 months ago. And it's going to – that takes a little time to root itself. We also put in place the senior relationship management program, which is covering our top institutional clients and that business is in – we have made some significant hires into that business. So we have made a lot of progress, but this is not a – this is not something that's going to happen with – in any 13-week period. We are just looking for progress.
Ruth Porat: Well, first hello and welcome. The main components in the category, other sales and trading, do – have included corporate lending and relationship and leverage lending, credit spread impact on CIC, funding related costs, and a few other items. This quarter – for the third quarter, the items were first, the amortization of the value of the de-designated hedges related to the 2008 debt buyback and retirement program – you may recall, we talked about that over several quarters, going back sometime; increased liquidity; the negative carry in the U.S. banks' portfolio as we build out the bank; a $71 million loss on credit spread tightening on our debt related to CIC's investment. And so the impact of mark-to-market P&L and corporate lending, which we had in prior quarters was not material this quarter.
Ruth Porat: Right. Exactly. Leverage loans were muted this quarter, so we didn't have the offset. But you are right, you characterized it correctly.
Ruth Porat: The primary issue is really the first one you articulated, which we have stressed for quite some time, which is we are still building the footprint and it takes time to realize the positive benefit of the investment. So as we look at the quarter, in particular a slow July and August, what we saw were lower client volumes. We didn't have a lot of client activity and as a result, we didn't see as many trading opportunities coming out of the client flow. So while we didn't make a lot of money, we also didn't lose a lot of money, but it's very much in our view the first point that it takes time and we said this repeatedly, this is about quarters to build the position that we expect to have.
Ruth Porat: So, what we were attempting to give is an analysis of RWAs and obviously, this is preliminary and there is still interpretation to come. Our Tier 1 common equity at September 30 is estimated to be approximately $35 billion. There are many items that can impact capital between now and 2013. So as I said, we are comfortable with our position, we are confident in meeting all the requirements of Basel 2.5 and III and wanted to give you the RWAs so you could do your roll-forward.
Ruth Porat: We retained it there, as we've talked about in prior quarters, with the assumption that it will be allocated over time as we have greater clarity on Basel 2.5, III, but that is precisely the intent.
Ruth Porat: Sure. There are really two major categories. One is run-off, primarily the securitization book and correlation book. And the other is a more modest estimate of additional sales out of our merchant banking portfolio, hedge fund stakes, et cetera that will release capital and therefore RWA.
Ruth Porat: It is, although we like to underscore that it was strategically something we have been quite focused on even prior to Dodd-Frank and core to the way we are looking at where we want to take the business prospectively and very much a focus of Greg Fleming's since his arrival here.
Ruth Porat: So, two things that – to your point, a preliminary estimate and we would rather plan for the worst and hope for the best, but the rules have continued to provide clarity and they are obviously still a bit preliminary. But we think that from what we have today, we feel comfortable that we are looking, as you said, about a 75% increase. With respect to mitigation, we are looking at roll-offs, as I said, from the existing book. We assume that we will be able to do tear-ups as well. But we haven’t included that within the calculation. And again, this is a preliminary estimate. So wasn't in, I assume it will be in, do assume it's logical.
Ruth Porat: We assume it will. And again, there are added steps that we hope will continue to layer into the calculation over time. And that, to your point, would be one.
Ruth Porat: I think – again – we know the floor is 7% and there are various assumptions as to how much above that will be required as a systemically critical institution and the counter-cyclical buffer. So we want to see where those numbers come out and depending on where they come out, we will assess the appropriateness of buffer, any size of buffer.
Ruth Porat: Well, when we decided to sell the business in earlier this year and we evaluated the most likely value to be received, we have a year in which to sell it. As we progress with discussions with buyers, our best assessment now with the benefit of more information is that we need – the value is lower and thus we are required to write down the carrying value by about $200 million. To your point, our current carrying value is now only about $40 million.
Ruth Porat: Yes. So in the Asian business, we saw increases across a number of the businesses. Our advisory business was up 180%. You saw a lot of the headlines with strong equity underwriting, issuances, and IPOs. The equity markets did not see the kind of market volume declines that we saw in the U.S. and Europe and within the fixed income business, up 61% in IRCC, which was FX and credit corporate. So, real broad strength in Asia.
Ruth Porat: From what we have seen, it continues to be strong. Whether we can expect anything of that magnitude, I would certainly not want to leave you with that assumption. But the pipeline is strong, in particular in China.
Ruth Porat: We – you didn't miss it. We actually – what we provided is the RWA – our best estimate, let me put it that way, at the RWA roll-forward and our best estimate at some of the run-off opportunities. Our Tier 1 common at September 30 was approximately $35 billion and there are a number of items that can affect capital between now and then. So we wanted to give you the RWA's to let you layer that in.
Ruth Porat: So, I think it's obviously kind of a fluid topic. I think like other financial institutions, we have been named a defendant in cases in connection with CDOs and RMBS. And as you know, we don't comment on individual litigation unless we have concluded they are material to the firm or disclosures otherwise are required or meaningful. So I think at this point, there is really no update that we have. We are obviously watching, but I would refer you to the legal proceedings section of our most recent filings.
Ruth Porat: We could probably piece together from the disclosure we have had today, we are about halfway through.
Ruth Porat: We – it is – the terms of conversion are obviously based on the stock price threshold, and we haven't assumed anything in here because this is actually a – as I said, a snapshot at 9/30, our capital position at 9/30, and so that's kind of one point. The second point, I think it was obvious, but when you started asking the question, I just wanted to make sure it is. With respect to the securitization framework and the deducts to capital, what we have done is convert this to an RWA equivalent. So that was just one piece I wanted to make sure was clear.
Howard Chen: James, I believe you noted at a recent conference your view that returns will restore back to the high-teens over time. I was just hoping you could expand upon that comment, and maybe frame what type of macro conditions and regulatory assumptions you broadly think about in achieving that goal.
Howard Chen: Great. That's helpful context. And I realize it's a big question. And then, just given the mortgage foreclosure concerns in the marketplace, I was just hoping to get your perspective on the legal climate and the liability in your view from your activities as an originator, service securitizer within the market.
Howard Chen: Okay, many thanks. And then just last question on my end. Could we just get a brief update on the retail banking strategy? I know you noted, Ruth, kind of where the deposits lie, but I think you might have had a key departure from the business during the quarter, and I just wanted to know if there was any shift in how you broadly think about retail banking.
