James Gorman: Hi, good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The first quarter of 2021 was a significant record for the firm and for many of our businesses. It was marked by some truly extraordinary highs; numerous performance records; the closing of the Eaton Vance deal, our second strategic transaction in the last year; and one very complex event relating to the collapse of the hedge fund, Archegos. In summary, we generated record revenues of $15.7 billion and an ROTCE of 21.4%. The higher revenues reveal the operating leverage in our business and the quarter's efficiency ratio was 66%. Wealth Management generated revenues of approximately $6 billion. Net new assets were $105 billion, which is easily our best ever quarterly flows and concrete evidence of the growth trajectory of this business. These flows represented annualized increase of over 10% of beginning period assets. Pre-tax margin was 27.9%. This margin should only improve in future years, and we expect will exceed 30% as rates tick up. Daily trades reached a new record, with heightened levels of retail client engagement. E*TRADE, and particularly the strength of the self-directed channel, has exceeded our expectations. In addition, assets continue to migrate towards advice. Fee-based flows for the quarter were a record $37 billion. We're adding new clients at a record pace, creating more opportunities to consolidate wealth held away and provide advisory services. Our workplace business is adding corporate plans, and as a result, the number of participants we reached increased to 5.1 million. Institutional securities revenues of $8.6 billion were also a record as clients remain highly engaged. Fixed income had the strongest first quarter of the last decade, and has consistently gained share in recent years. Investment banking revenues reached a record, driven by record equity underwriting. And our Equities division also had its best quarter in over a decade. Turning to Investment Management. On March 1, we closed our acquisition of Eaton Vance, bringing together two high-performing assets managers. Our teams at both Eaton Vance and Morgan Stanley executed the close ahead of schedule while prioritizing client service. The momentum Eaton Vance and MSIM demonstrated between announcement and close only strengthened our conviction of this combination. Since we announced the transaction in the beginning of October, pro forma assets grew by nearly $200 billion, and pro forma net flows were approximately $100 billion. In the first quarter, pro forma net flows were $53 billion, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 16%. Our industry-leading organic growth signals that clients are very supportive of the combination, and increasingly recognized the highly differentiated value offering solutions that we offer across the global platform. Investment Management now has assets under management of $1.4 trillion, and is very well positioned in key secular growth segments. Let me discuss the loss we incurred navigating the collapse of Archegos. First, we liquidated some very large single stock positions through a series of block sales, culminating on Sunday night, March 28. That resulted in a net loss of $644 million, which represents the amount the client owed us under the transactions that failed to pay us. Subsequently, we made a management decision to completely derisk the remaining smaller long and short positions, which are not especially problematic, might have been. We decided we would be out of the risk as rapidly as possible, and in so doing incurred an incremental loss of $267 million. I regard that decision as necessary and money well spent. The results are all reflected in Q1. I'm very pleased with how the institution came together and responded to this very complex situation. Let me close with an early readout from our acquisitions of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. The performance of both businesses is significantly exceeding our expectations. And as importantly, the integration so far is proceeding without major incident. These acquisitions, when combined with our existing wealth and investment management businesses, drove our client assets to $5.7 trillion, of which approximately $150 billion represented net new client assets to the firm this quarter. We are more convinced than ever that both deals help position Morgan Stanley for growth in the years ahead. I'll now turn it over to Jon to discuss the quarter in detail, and together we'll take your questions.
James Gorman: Well, Brennan, let me have a go at that. I mean historically, the growth rate, as you probably know in the full-service, as you call it, wirehouses has been, I don’t know, 0% to 2% over the last 15 years, with loss of financial advisors, some loss of assets into the RAA channel, and clearly loss to some of the direct distributors, and generally just not having in place significant growth plans. And I think this quarter, and I'll talk about the absolute levels in a minute. But this quarter is reflective of a very different view of that Wealth Management business. Number one, we needed to have a compelling direct channel. We have that through E*TRADE. Number two, we needed to have a compelling workplace platform, we have that through Solium and E*TRADE. Number three, we needed to have net positive FA growth in terms of recruiting, not in just numbers of bodies, but actual people who are brining in assets, and we're doing that. And number four, you need a compelling platform of ideas which link to our institutional business and the quality research and product. You're just operating at a different level. And so, I think it's a culmination actually of a lot of things, E*TRADE is clearly a factor in it, but it's by no means the only factor. If you took out E*TRADE, the organic growth was tremendous in the core business, which again we've started to see in the last couple of years. I think we showed some numbers last year of around 4%. Our target, I think, was 4% to 6%. Now this at 10%, well, Q1 is probably going to be your best quarter. Q2 usually has some tax factors -- tax flows going on. But listen, the growth rate is real. If we annualize 10% a year for the next several years that would be spectacular, but that's certainly not what we're planning on, and got to be realistic. But to be outgrowing some of our nontraditional competitors, even for a quarter, is just -- it's a wonderful green shoot to have planted out there.
James Gorman: Yes, I think -- I mean, my comment about the way this team has worked together now for a decade. We all went through the financial crisis, most of us in sort of a job or level below where we are now. So, I'd say, the accumulated, both scar tissue and experience is very real. And we have a philosophy; we cauterize bad stuff, and deal with it as soon as we possibly can. This was, as you know, a very unusual event. It was a family office actually, no outside money. It got to enormous size by the growth in their single stock position, very concentrated single stock loan positions that had exposed to growth. And they're offset by the various shorts, in the indices that they were short. So, it was -- and I think what -- the lessons are still unfolding, if you will, or learnings, Steve. But it's not going to change how we feel about the Prime Brokerage business at all. This is a gem of a business that we've probably generated, I don't know, something close to $40 billion in revenue in a decade. It's a core part and backbone of the equities business. So, it doesn't change that at all. But I think we'll certainly be looking hard at family office-type relationships, where they're very concentrated, and you have multiple prime brokers. And frankly, the transparency and lack of disclosure relating to those institutions is just different from the hedge fund institutions. And that's something I'm sure the SEC is going to be looking at, and that's probably good for the whole industry. Better information is always good in rooting out where potential problems can be. So, obviously, there's not a lot I can and should be saying publicly about it. But we're -- as I said, we've never happy taking a loss, but our job is to deal with the facts as reality and get on top of it and get it done, and that's what we did. And we took the extra bit, frankly, just to clean it up by quarter-end, we didn't want this thing to be lingering.
James Gorman: Well, going to try and touch on a couple of them. And to be honest, there was a lot going on in this quarter. And so I don't want to spend too much with talking about a specific line situation, which is now done on history, but let me touch on a couple of things going to the reverse, sort of why we didn't disclose, we were having a record quarter. But the business was having a record quarter, the equities business, where this resided was having a record quarter. So you've going to be at a level where it's material to the overall quarter and I'll leave that up to the lawyers, but we're very comfortable with that. That's frankly, at given how the firm was performing, I think we generated $2 billion revenues more than our previous record quarter out of I don't know 340 quarters that we've had since our origination. So you've got to sort of focus on, on the big picture on that one. What was different about this situation relative to our weight, and yes, you're right, I don't think we've had, we went back through the records and I don't think we've ever had this a long time, but a loss in the PB business and the businesses back to the previous question from Steve, the business is very well risk managed and has been for decades now. And we are the number one prime broker in the world. We were the number one prime broker in this particular instance. There were enormous positions because of the rapid growth of the fund. They were levered across multiple prime brokers and as I said, the disclosure rules, as I understand them, and I'm not the expert on it made it more difficult to understand exactly who was holding, what, where, and that's something that we'll work through and that's part of the learning experience. It was complicated. I will say last comment on this, by the fact that one of the large single stock positions related to a security in which we have been an underwriting; we thought the right thing to do was to close that previous underwriting, which happened on that Friday. So, we had to hold off, which caused us to be later than some if you will. And the reason for that was not that we weren't aware of what was going on. We just felt we had an underwriting obligation to deal with. So, anyway, it's a long story, but again, in the context of equities business, equities had a record with this built into it, which is pretty extraordinary.
James Gorman: Mike, I just said the two kickers, there will be some obviously these markets won't state this kind of retail activity forever. But the two strategic kickers behind this business are yet to really have the impact that they will have, obviously, the deposits and as rates rise, that will be a phenomenal additive. And secondly, the whole workplaces we're integrating with Solium. And that's proving we had some stats in there, I think about 5 million plus clients in there. But that's a huge growth business for us. And I think that'll be sort of the story of the next five years, as much as the elevated activity will be.
James Gorman: Well, I'll give you a couple of things, just on the -- we're in a quiet period. So those things, there are certain times when you can't comment about the business unless you sort of pre-announce earnings, which we weren't going to do given that it was a record. So secondly, I don't I'm not going to comment on other firms. Some of them weren't even prime brokers to this institution. I don't think so. Each of them have their own bid, and they make it and thirdly, the context is the business is a phenomenal business. It's been risk managed very well. This was a very unusual incident. I think the family office, I don't have those numbers, Jon might have, I suspect it's less than 10% of the prime brokerage business, very small. So, yes, Mike I mean listen, we're quite transparent about this. We don't like to take losses ever. Unfortunately, when you intermediate flows of capital, you sometimes say that's what our whole margin book is. And the question is, once you're faced with the reality, how does the team come together to deal with it? And I think they did. As I said, I think they did a really good job.
James Gorman: Just to add to it, I can't tell you how excited I am about the combination of these four businesses, the Eaton Vance, our own investment management business, a traditional co-wealth management business in E*TRADE and how this is transforming the place by providing so many growth verticals. I mean, look at the parametric product in Eaton Vance, it's extraordinary. They've done an unbelievable job. Calvert funds with everything going on in the sustainability space. As I said, the workplace with E*TRADE and what we've done with solely in there. And now we'll be one of the top two workplace providers in the world, things that we can do to expand internationally and taking Eaton Vance product using our international distribution putting some back core equities product on the Eaton Vance domestic distribution, they have a great capability there. So it's just -- there is so many verticals now, which are driving growth. Once upon a time when we had the coal business, that sort of number of financial advisors and productivity per financial buzzer, that's basically the only two metrics you needed to follow. And now we've got like 30 different things that are bobbing along. So, you know, sort of watch this space. My target is $10 trillion of money under management. I've told the team internally. They hate that. But you know what, I told Danny [indiscernible] a couple of years ago that my target, I said on a public platform was a trillion dollars assets under management in the wealth asset management business. And he correctly pointed out, it's revenues per asset. It's not assets. And I said, yes, I know, but I'd like $1 trillion with high revenues per asset, and guess what, we've got $1.4 trillion when we started the wealth management journey 12 years ago, we had 500 being under management, now we have $4 trillion. And so we're heading to 10 trillion, we've got all these growth verticals and I just couldn't be more excited about it.
James Gorman: I think you sort of highlighted some of the things that are going to drive the growth going forward. I mean, again, we want more corporate accounts. We're seeing the pipeline very strong. The hit rate is higher and the product is really resonating. We then want to grow the participants. And then once the participants are in the system, we need to build trust and relationships with them through content, through education and through services, because the ultimate goal as you said is to convert them to a broader client. And when we first convert them, we're reasonably indifferent whether they go into the self-directed channel, the FA channel, a virtual channel, because that'll just give us an opportunity to build that relationship, deepen that relationship as the clients requirements and services and needs change, we'll be able to grow with them. And so your comment about migrating wealth client across the different platforms be the ultimate goal, but first we want to build trust with them, bring them into the Morgan Stanley relationship, one of the keys is to try to have that integrated experience across the platforms for the clients. So that's a lot of the technology that we're trying to build too. So we want to bring them in, deepen the relationship and then let them go to the channel that best suits.
James Gorman: I'll just make one comment. And I'll let John to add a couple of comments, but we've answered and addressed this topic and I'm sure we'll have plenty of opportunity to talk about it in the future, but this is a pretty small part of what we do as a whole firm. But I think the comment I want to make is family offices are not bad per se. I want to be very clear about that. We have some phenomenal family office clients, and they're all over the world tremendous institutions. So let's not throw the baby out with about 40 here. This is not a judgment call on family offices. This is a very idiosyncratic event. And I'll let John, if he wants to add anything more to it, but I don't want to overlay with this issue.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I think the short answer is, yes. We've really got some nice tailwinds from the loan growth that we've been experiencing, as well as the deposit funding synergies. I think, as I said in the first quarter, we don't expect any movement in policy rates. The short end is really what benefits the NII, so our growth we would expect from the full realization of the onboarding of deposits, which as you know, was feathered in over the quarter, and so that, we'll have the full impact next quarter. At $7 billion of loan growth, we're running ahead of plan there, so that's obviously a nice tailwind. And then as I said, we'll continue to see our deposit costs tick down as some of the incremental wholesale deposits run off because of the onboarding. So, we feel good about the guidance we gave you. The $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter was a good run rate, and then start to add the tailwinds from the deposits as well as the loan growth. We also saw some nice loan growth in margin lending, which is not in the bank, but is part of the wealth management NII story. So again, just a nice quarter, and we would expect it to continue to grow from these levels.
Jonathan Pruzan: So the weighted average cost of deposits is 18. It will clearly continue to tick down over the course of the quarter, assuming short-term rates don't move. And again, we're not expecting policy rates to move as the wholesale higher cost wholesale deposits roll off. I think, as you recall, when we originally announced the transaction, I think we talked about $150 billion of funding synergies. We've revised that to $250 billion given the growth in deposits. You said that we would realize that in $200 billion of which will be realized this year. So we have incremental deposit and funding synergies that will be captured in 2022. So, all of the sorts of a movement, if you will, in the cost of deposits is sort of factored into our funding synergy calculation. So the way we generally have been thinking about it is that the policy rates aren't going to move. So there's not going to be necessarily a big plus or minus from rates and NII will grow because the quantum will grow based on loan growth. And then we pick up the funding soon.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure, Christian, it's Jon. I'll take that. I would say just first on net recruiting. I think you've heard us talk about this for the last several quarters, we've been very active, we've become a destination of choice. All the comments that James made about the breadth of the platform, the intellectual capital, the technology investments that we've made have made our platform and our company a place where FAs wants to do business. So we've seen higher levels of recruiting pipeline, as we bring in FAs and they're successful, and they like the platform. They're obviously talking to their previous colleagues, and therefore it's sort of accelerating. So we've seen really nice net recruiting. We're bringing in bigger teams, better teams and attrition has dramatically slowed down. So that's point number one, in terms of just the contribution of NNA, it was really across all the comments that I made net recruiting aided in the NNA, the E*TRADE platform contributed to the contribution, new clients in the FA channel bringing in existing clients away. So just broad based activity, very, very active, we talked about client engagement being quite spectacular this quarter, and it really aided those numbers but broad based.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. And again, I think that as I said, the Fed business, it was really every business in all geographies contributed to that quarter $3 billion of revenue, the team is working extremely well together, we're gaining share in that business, the depth of the franchise continues to improve, as you can imagine, in this environment, where the debate around rates and inflation and credit yields. So generally speaking, the credit products have been quite active and volumes have been quite elevated. Also, it's being aided by the primary calendar agency issuance. And so just a lot of good activity going on in credit, and I think as you saw, this quarter, a lot of debate around rates inflation, reflation, which really added to those results.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure, Mike. No, we're really pleased with the timing of the transaction as you highlight, just if you look at number of clients, volumes, trades, all of the metrics that we historically looked at in that business, they're dramatically higher today than they were when we announced the transaction back in February of last year. So we're also seeing that same engagement across the FA led channel. So it's not just related to the E*TRADE. So I think client engagement is very, very strong at 1.6 million average trades, that's on top of a 1.1 million average trade in the fourth quarter, which was a record, it was less than a million over the course of last year. So we're clearly at elevated levels. So I think we go back to the 200,000 or 300,000 trades they were doing in '19, no. But can we sustain this level? No one's got a crystal ball. But right now, clients are extraordinarily engaged. And we'll have to see how this plays out over time.
Jonathan Pruzan: It's a great question. And again, without the crystal ball, I'll just give you some sort of perspective on what we saw in the first quarter. And then we collectively decide where we think that'll persist for what period of time, we clearly still have strong asset values. I mentioned, we have healthy pipelines and clients are significantly engaged both retail and institutional, markets are open, there's a lot of liquidity. And we're seeing a continuation of the accelerating economic data around the globe. Obviously, news coming out of China this morning or last night in terms of the growth recovery, so really good backdrop or macro backdrop. As James mentioned, seasonality the first quarter is usually the strongest. Typically, it wasn't last year, but typically it is the strongest in these businesses, we're confident that we have the ability to deliver on the objectives that we set out earlier this year, in terms of our strategic goals. We do believe and I think the data supports that we're gaining market share across all of our businesses. So that's something that we would expect to persist. And I think this year is really going to be focused on that, just growing our market shares and integrating these two very important acquisitions.
Jonathan Pruzan: I think James mentioned a couple of those already. I mean, I think what we've said all along, we're going to be very deliberate with the integrations, these deals were not about costs, they were about growth. And we do not want to, we don't want to disrupt the client experience, we obviously want to enhance it over time. So we're being very deliberate, we're investing in the platforms, we're investing in the service model and we're in the process, as we've mentioned before of sort of gathering data and running pilots to make sure that we understand what we need, so we can service our clients better. So, for example, we're defining running pilots around lead generation. We're defining the FAs, it will be part of that program. We're looking at data analytics and scoring models. We're making the investments in the engine that will help us match the FAs to the client based on specific needs. And the goal really for this year is to make sure that we have the pipes, the people and the process to be able to support our clients in the coming year. So we think there's huge potential. James mentioned the 5 million workplace participants were only clients outside of that channel with about half of those, that business continues to grow. The great thing about that business is that it's scalable. Think of it is a huge funnel of opportunities to further enhance client relationships, that experiences digital. So, it is very, very scalable. And we would expect real growth not only in that channel but to drive growth across the platform, really out of the workplace.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. Glenn, John is going to answer, but sorry about cutting off the four rows in personal, trust me, I like you, don't know quite what happened, but I told the team, let's get you back on for another go at it, to dub you back.
Jonathan Pruzan: I think that the short answer again is that we're very pleased with the performance from the fixed income business. We've deepened the breadth of the franchise as you said, credit has historically been a strong point for us, but we're seeing good results and good penetration in both the macro as well as the commodity space. And so again, we think we've gained market share since we've restructured this business. We were probably a 6% or 7% player before. We're now probably a 10%, maybe even 10% plus player. We would expect to maintain that market share going forward, potentially increase it or grow it a little bit more, but we've been very pleased with the balance of the business and the results over the last several years in this.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I would just and I think just pulling some of the threads of your questions together, just make a couple more observations. First, as we obviously are looking across all of the portfolios. As James mentioned, we're looking in our stress testing methodology and we will recalibrate it if and where it's appropriate to do so. Number one your comment about margin and collateral. I mean, I think the way that we think about it as we had collateral based on a certain set of facts that turned out not to be true, and James as mentioned it wasn't necessarily, it was a family office. It wasn't necessarily that they had large concentrated positions. It really came down to the fact that this firm had large positions, the same positions in the same names at other banks across the street, and it wasn't apparent to us. So I think that's what isolates the situation here or makes it more unique. We scrubbed the portfolio. We haven't found anyone that has similar fact patterns or copycat strategies and we'll continue to be diligent around all of those points.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. And I think your comments are very appropriate. It's a fast-growing space. There's a lot of interest in the space. And we had a significant interest from our wealth clients to try to get access to this new asset class. And so we tried to facilitate that. We've allowed within our wealth management platform, qualified investors to get access through two specific passive funds, if you will, that access to the crypto currency. The uptake and the interest level has been strong, and we would expect people to continue to be interested in this space. And we will continue to monitor it and evolve. And we are in the business of trying to provide services and investment opportunities that interest our client base. And as we continue to see more or stronger interest, we will continue to try to work with the regulators and others to provide services that we think are appropriate.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I mean, listen, the SPAC or the product itself is just another financing vehicle just like a private placement or a direct listing. And even with those incremental and new products, the traditional IPO product has been very active very strong. And we have been a market leader in that space. You appropriately point out that the backlog I think over 200 SPACs on file. So, I would expect that we will continue to see more issuance. There seems to be a pause as market is digesting this and the regulators are looking at it. So, I don't want to get in front of that. But, there is clearly interest in this product both from an issuer and a buyer perspective. And I think it does also add to some of the momentum in the M&A product. But I would also point out there is a couple hundred million dollars sort of SPAC money that can be levered and put into the M&A environment. But, there is also a $1.5 trillion of dry powder with the private equity firm. So, if you put multiples or leverage of those, there is a lot of buying power, so I think that's also a good driver of the M&A market going forward.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. I mean I think as I mentioned, we are seeing some anecdotal signs of that. We are running some private programs. We think we are capturing some of the traditional E*TRADE clients who might have left that platform for incremental advice and now they are staying with us and working with our financial advisory platform. So, I think there are very good early signs. And I think you are seeing some of that obviously in the NNA. The other point I would make is in terms of the workplace retention when we announced the transaction, we targeted a 15% retention rate there. It's early days, but we are pleased with the progress that we are making. E*TRADE is still -- the E*TRADE platform retention rate is still well above 15%. So, we feel very confident about our ability to deliver on that. And as we get further along on this journey, we will start to give you more color on that. But, early anecdotes are quite positive.
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, the volatility related to this event was as James said, was very short in terms of time series. So, I think the answer is it will not have a meaningful impact to the overall capital requirement.
