Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yes, so the business that we didn't acquire it, but I guess the word would be assumed at the end of January was about $800 million in assets. That asset number has been quite stable over time. The company that group was previously a part of called Oechsle Advisors did not have significant marketing resources and certainly didn't focus those resources on their fixed income team, despite the fact that they have an excellent record, they have a credible team and they're located in a market that's very much focused on fixed income investing. So, we think there is an opportunity there. We've heard that there's at least one opportunity that I know about that's come to my attention where we are responding to an RFP, but we're in the very early days there, we are just a few weeks into our ownership of that group. We think there should be an opportunity, but it's pretty hard to say exactly how big that will be. Somewhat surprisingly, most of the clients' assets for that team are actually in the U.S. So I think they have four current clients they have different institutions in different places, but two of those are in the U.S. and the biggest two clients they have are U.S. based. But it won't be a big contributor, we don't expect, to our organic growth over the balance of this year certainly. But we do think that both that team and the broader benefits to our global income strategy of having a base in Frankfurt on the continent of Europe and also having a sales presence there could and likely will prove valuable to us over time. But we will not be, I don't think, an overnight success in terms of growing the AUM of that business; that's not our expectation at this point anyway. In terms of Japan, I mean, I mentioned last call that I was over there for a couple of weeks back in November. We're certainly in a quite dynamic stage in the growth of our business there. We have approximately $10 billion in Japanese based client assets, continues to grow nicely. A good mix of major institutional assets and smaller type accounts, primarily focused on bank loans, but increasingly other income type strategies are represented in our portfolio there until about a year ago we had only a single investment employee based in Japan. Since then, we've added two more sales and client service oriented professionals with the expectation that, by the end of this year, we'll add probably two or three more in the office that we just opened I think at the end of January. But from the time I was there, it's very clear that Eaton Vance is well known and we're well respected as a credible quality income manager in the Japanese market with a long history of service and performance excellence for clients there, and certainly everybody associated with our efforts in Japan. I think that there we have a real opportunity to grow that business quite meaningfully over the balance of 2018 and really beyond that as we get even better known in the marketplace and as our product menu continues to grow from the initial base, which was almost exclusively bank loans, which we've – for which we've had Japanese based clients for something close to 20 years now.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yeah, okay so I'll focus on that. So the volatility risk premium strategy or sometimes called defensive equity or there is a mutual fund called Parametric Volatility Risk Premium Defensive Fund, but it's all variations on the same things. This is a strategy that is a volatility selling strategy. It is a hedge strategy in that the base portfolio is half invested in equities and half invested in cash instruments, I think in treasuries, that you can do it different ways. But that's how most of the assets are invested. And the way it's positioned is that you capture volatility risk premium, you're effectively a seller of insurance and capture that premium during periods of volatility like we had in early February. You will see a reduction in returns because you think of this as an insurance selling strategy. And so when there are more fires, there will be more claims to be paid. In this case, that gets reflected in a daily mark of the account assets. Performance was completely in line with expectations given the market environment. This is a rules based strategy. There were and I don't think will ever be significant surprises in how it performs. It's not a leverage strategy. In the worst case, it has an equity beta of 1 or approaching 1. So it's a strategy we like and certainly we have not heard about significant market concerns about how that strategy has performed in this environment. It has performed in line with expectations.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yeah, I certainly don't have numbers to share because we don't have any clear idea on how this is going to go. There are really two constraints on the growth of NextShares at UBS. One that I talked about is the one about products getting through their due diligence process and we think we're on the verge of a significantly – being in a significantly better position, meaning that several of the key strategies that we have strong hopes for in terms of sales potential. We expect to clear that due diligence process over the next month and that includes the Parametric floating rate strategy, I believe the – sorry, the Eaton Vance Floating Rate strategy. The Eaton Vance Oaktree Diversified Credit strategy, there's a Hartford Global Impact strategy that is managed by Wellington, that I know Hartford is pretty excited about and will be putting up some considerable market resources behind. So those are – we know those are close and we think that those products, plus things already available already through due diligence will be sufficient to get our sales force talking about NextShares and to get the sales force of Hartford and other firms that have NextShares represented, to have this be a key part of their focus within UBS and then we should see some sales results. In all cases, where a NextShares fund is offered alongside a similar strategy, the NextShares fund is less expensive both in terms of its expense ratio and in terms of its expected non-expense ratio, operating costs, so we expect to see better performance. Over time, we expect to see improved tax results of operating as exchange traded funds. So we think there's lots of reason for optimism, but it hasn't happened yet. The other thing that needs to happen to get a broader access at UBS and then ultimately to other places, within UBS today, we have access to the brokerage platform and one advisory program called Strategic Advisor. We do not have access to everything they do and that's for a technology reason. UBS is in middle of a pretty major technology upgrade where they're bringing in a new frontend system for their advisory platforms, and we have to fit the introduction of NextShares into the timing of that. And as that makes progress across UBS over the course of this year and as enhancements are made to that platform to incorporate NextShares, that further opens up the sales opportunity. But we're encouraged by our sales force's energy and enthusiasm and optimism that we can be successful here. We know other organizations similarly have sales forces that are very eager to get into UBS and start talking about NextShares. But as of this moment, we really don't have a lot to show for it, other than a lot of energy and a lot of excitement and a growing list of products that we think when you get in front of the right advisor and the right client, will prove to be quite compelling when offered as NextShares.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yes, I think it's a little hard to say. I mean one thing that we speculated about during the quarter I think is probably everyone on the call is aware that, during November and December there was a proposal that would have – that was included in the Senate version of the bill that would have forced the use of FIFO, would have taken away taxpayers' ability to use so-called identified tax lot method and selecting the securities. And as people may know, that's an important part of the service offering of Parametric's Custom Core and related products offered by competitors, where you're trying to achieve returns that match a prescribed benchmark, but to exceed the returns on an after-tax basis through tax laws harvesting and other ongoing tax management techniques. We don't know this for a fact and can't confirm this, but we suspect that during the first quarter, our first fiscal quarter that is November-December period that there was a bit of a chilling of the market for those kinds of things just because there was so much focus and so much energy devoted to trying to figure out what was going to happen with the tax law and what that it implied for our clients and how these things would work, if the ability to use identified tax lot method went away. So one thing that we do see and that we can see it – we do expect and we see this somewhat in the numbers that we should see a month-to-month improvement in that business versus what we saw in the last couple of months of the year. We certainly saw an improving trend, January versus November and December in Parametric Custom Core, and also just for February that we've seen to-date that same trend has continued. So short-term, a positive tax reform in the way it turned out is taking away the uncertainty about whether or not this FIFO method was going to be required going forward. So that's the very short-term. Maybe on the longer term, I think the issue that perhaps you're focusing on is that, for high-income taxpayers in let's say coastal areas, certainly California and New York state, New York City as examples, tax rates didn't go down, they actually went up and that reflects both modest decreases in the top federal rate but importantly the loss of the federal deduction for state taxes paid or at least a limit on that. And we think over time, that will produce more demand for tax-managed equity strategies and also more demand for municipal income strategies in those markets. So we think investors are starting to figure this out. People tend to get most focused on taxes as we approach April 15 and certainly, we're using this time of year and the fact that there has been a change in the tax law as a catalyst to get in front of advisors to help them get their clients positioned appropriately for the new tax environment as it now exists. And historically, times of tax change almost regardless of the direction of change has been good for tax management and tax managed strategies, simply because it moves to the top of the mind of advisors and clients and changes in the tax law create new opportunities for potential tweaks to strategies that clients can use to enhance their returns.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yes, of course, those two are related. At firms where there is a major push relating to responsible investing, naturally it becomes easier to get strategies and funds onto platforms, so that has been a help, and we have seen some improvement there. I would say there may be three drivers of the growth of Calvert over the last year. The two you mentioned, which is general growing awareness and enthusiasm for responsible investing, that's one. Two, bringing the distribution resources of Eaton Vance to bear supporting Calvert. The third would be the investment performance component, which is that we have a number of high performing top rated funds under the Calvert banner, and that – as their performance has been strong, that drives flows in the same way that it does in other parts of the market. Perhaps there's somewhat less sensitivity among responsible investors to performance, but still performance matters in this space, and to the extent we have strong performance that affects flows. In fact, the top selling Calvert strategy has been their Emerging Markets Equity strategy, which no surprise it's been a very strong performer both in an absolute sense because emerging markets have been strong, but also particularly strong on a relative basis with a five-star rating by Morningstar. So we think we've got a long way to go. There are many opportunities, many different ways to apply Calvert's expertise in evaluating investments from an ESG perspective, their reputation as a leading brand and thought leader in this space. You may have seen a Barron's cover story two or three weeks ago that was ranking the 100 most responsible companies among public companies in the U.S. As noted in that article, that was all based on research done by Calvert. And so, there are – and also there was an article in Barron's this past week about different investors thinking differently about having gun manufacturers represented in their portfolios. The quote in that is from John Streur, CEO of Calvert. So they're very much – Calvert is very much in the conversation about responsible investing issues whether those be environmental issues, social issues or governance issues. And as these become increasingly important to a broader range of investors in the U.S., as they've long been in Europe, we expect that the value of this franchise for us to only grow.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: So, Brian, we made the decision to exclude those adjustments in tax rate related to this new accounting guidance requiring these tax adjusted related to stock-based compensation plans to go through the income statement, probably for the reason that you're focusing on, which is both for modeling purposes and in terms of really thinking about the company's performance on a current basis, it's very hard to think about that as a measure of our current performance. What drives that in the short run is how does our stock do and how many employees choose to exercise options during a period, neither of which relates particularly to at least as I think about fundamentally how the business is doing. So we think we treat that both in the first quarter and planned on an ongoing basis as an adjustment to GAAP earnings. And then also, anything we're projecting in terms of future tax rates as Laurie said is backing that out or ignoring that both because we're not including it in adjusted earnings, but maybe more importantly because we don't really have any way of predicting either where our stock price is going to go or the rate at which employees are going to be exercising options. So it's kind of a necessary exclusion.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: But as I understand the question, I think there's a – you're trying to relate the tax law changes to operating margins or – and I think maybe under that is are we expecting to spend away a lot of the tax benefit which would have an adverse effect on margins, or do we expect to see that competed away, that benefit of the tax or tax rate to be competed away, I suppose in a way that would hurt our revenues rather than our expenses. But we are certainly not expecting to see a lot of increases in expenses for the reason that our taxes went down. Laurie did mention an increase in employee benefit, which is our annual employee matching, which is a relatively small item, but meaningful to our employees and also marginally meaningful in terms of our overall cost structure. No doubt there will be other things that we'll be doing, but I don't think we will be relating decisions we make about technology or other spending items to the fact that we're paying lower tax rate on our earnings in the U.S. going forward. And in terms of the market impact of this, we're already in a quite competitive business with certainly ongoing fee pressures, but I would say that incrementally there are significant numbers of players in our business that do not see a meaningful cut in their tax rate. Not everyone that manages assets is a corporate tax payer, which is of course a lot of where the benefit of the U.S. tax increase – U.S. tax cut fell. We were in a position to benefit more than most for the reason that we paid a higher tax rate and had more of our earnings in the U.S. than most of our competitors. But again, I don't think people will be cutting fees or becoming more aggressive in their competitive posture, simply because the tax rate in the U.S. went down. That might happen, but I don't think it will be for the reason that the tax rates are now lower than they were last year.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yeah, so we're active in monitoring the acquisition market. I wouldn't say we're active in the acquisition market. Laurie and I field phone calls from investment bankers on a pretty regular basis. It feels like it's perhaps more of a seller's market than a buyer's market today, just based on what we hear as valuations on things that are out there. Thinking of ourselves more as a value buyer, that makes it perhaps less likely rather than more likely that we'll be stepping into major transactions this year. But we do monitor closely things that are happening. There are things that we've expressed interest in that invariably are going to go to other bidders that are perhaps willing to put a higher valuation or bid more aggressively or have more optimistic assumptions than we do. I think that's the way it should work. Acquisitions should go to the acquirer that provides the best fit and is willing to provide the highest valuation, in some cases, that will be in Vance. But in many cases, it will not be. So we look – we kick the tires a lot. Particular things that are interesting to us, we articulate our strategic priorities as including the one probably that fits best with an acquisition strategy is growing outside the United States, growing our global footprint. We're still, despite the accelerated growth we've seen in the last couple of years outside the United States, it still represents only about 7% of our revenues. So with the right cultural fit and at the right price, we would be interested in potentially doing an acquisition outside the United States. In terms of things here or specific asset classes, I don't – we don't feel like we have huge holes in our lineup. But certainly, we're interested in extending our reach into areas where we think we can compete effectively in investment strategies where we view alpha potential and also where we see a fit with our distribution capabilities and also with our investment culture. So we look, we talk and we certainly feel like we have the resources to be a significant player in this. And we talked about the financial flexibility we have as a result of our large cash and near cash position and our borrowing capabilities certainly. But we're not going to use that on a deal that we feel doesn't make sense for Eaton Vance.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Yes, thanks, Ken. I continue to be skeptical that some or all of the ideas that have been put before the SEC are ultimately approvable. And then beyond that, I'm skeptical that they will be widely applicable across asset classes. To my knowledge, essentially all of the proposals if not all the proposals are focused on U.S. equities. That's potentially a big market, but there are lots of other things outside of U.S. equities. But, there are a lot of issues for the SEC to consider not only how these things will trade, but more broadly are they successful in protecting the confidentiality of funds portfolio information, which is a key objective of these types of funds, and do they raise other securities law and related issues. So, yes, I continue to be skeptical that there will be broad approval of so-called nontransparent active ETFs.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr.: Perpetually that seems like a long time to commit ourselves to, but there is – we have no option. This was a one-time option. We very much like our investment in Hexavest. But one of the things we like about it is the current ownership and governance model in which management, the people that run the company, the people that run the investment process, they own 51% and we own 49%. We are the distribution partner in all markets outside the United States. They distribute in Canada. They run the money. To us it seems like a better match after a lot of thought is for the team there to own 51% and us to own 49%. So that's where we've been. It's worked well. The business has grown under that structure. We like the way it works from a governance standpoint. And after much consideration, we concluded that we wanted to stay at 51%/49% as opposed to us move moving to a 75% position which was our option.
Laurie G. Hylton: Yes, I think in terms of the share count, Bill, the obviously run up in our stock price over the period contributed significantly. Using the treasury stock method, if you have a run up, it's going to increase your diluted share count. So you're seeing that there. We had obviously trended down a little bit in terms of our share repurchases last year. So, in terms of incremental dilution, we had some significant stock option exercises and restricted share vesting, and we were not necessarily offsetting all of that with share repurchases in the course of the year. So those two components combined increased the diluted share count. And in terms of our capital management, I think we like most companies in the industry are spending a lot of time thinking about that. I don't think that we're in a position at this point to lay out any definitive plans, but I will tell you that we'll probably be in a better position next quarter to have a more fulsome conversation about it.
Laurie G. Hylton: Yeah, I think most of the comments we made they were forward-looking related, particularly the compensation and just to be clear, I think that we identified and have identified in the past roughly 40% of our compensation is variable. So that's going to move either in line with what's happening from an operating income perspective or in line with sales in terms of our compensation to our sales team. In terms of our fixed compensation, we've obviously seen some uptick in terms of our head count that drove our base increases and that's going to continue. The things that won't continue or won't continue that we saw in the first quarter would be the roughly $2.5 million of stock-based compensation that I highlighted in my comments and then the offset where we anticipate seeing the uptick in what otherwise would've been a drop off in our 401(k) match in the second quarter. But outside of that, I wouldn't anticipate seeing a lot of other seasonal adjustments on the comp side. I don't think that we're seeing anything significant in terms of the change in our operating model and I therefore would not anticipate seeing any significant moves in our operating margin moving into the next quarter. We always have this sort of downtick in the first quarter associated with these pressures that we've talked about and then we see things start to pick up as we move through the year. I don't see anything coming down the pike that's different. As we talked about, we're thinking about our capital management, may there be some incremental technology spend in the course of the year. There might be but it's not going to be significant in terms of moving the needle, in terms of our overall operating structure.
Laurie G. Hylton: Correct. So, yes, we gave the guidance for 2019 at roughly 25% to 25.5%, and that's taking out all the noise associated with the fact that this year we obviously only got 0.833% of the benefit of the tax reform, because of our fiscal year. And when we are going to be presenting our earnings and will also get the same reconciliation for our effective tax rate. Those – the number that I gave for next year for the 25% to 25.5% excludes any anticipated impact of the stock-based compensation in the new accounting guidance.
Laurie G. Hylton: Right. And I think in terms of operating margin, I think we continue to have this conversation obviously, but we do believe that there is opportunity for margin expansion over time. I think it's just a function quite frankly of what our product mix looks like and ultimately what is happening with the business in terms of sales. And we've got quality problems when we had periods of high sales that drives up our incentive compensation. But I think – at this point, we are not anticipating any seismic shift in the way that we think about our operating model. So I wouldn't say that I would give you any guidance and we would see any significant changes.
