William Plummer: Sure. I mean as I said, we expect volatility in each quarter. It’s a very sensitive calculation, so that’s going to happen. We feel good about the way things will develop as we get into the more busy season, second and third quarter in particular. First quarter, the flow-through, you’ve got to have some below the average in order to get the average if – somewhere above the average and first quarter is always a challenge on that front for us. So, I’d say you probably could see flow-through a little bit lower than the range in the first quarter and then improving as we go through the year. Keep in mind, the flow-through is going to respond to things like how much you sell and you use equipment in a given quarter relative to the rental revenue that you generate. That’s a challenge in the first quarter. It will respond to things like the acquisitions that you do, right, when they came in last year and how that quarter comps with the quarter that you’re in this year. That can be a little bit of a drag in the first quarter given that we’ve started to add the acquisitions later on in the year. So, those are the kinds of things that will flow through the flow-through calculation, if you will. And we’ll point them out as we go through the year.
William Plummer: And in terms of other aspects of those forecasts, I mean we certainly used our usual thought about what the value of incremental rental rate is. So, it will drop through at something like 97%, 98% for rental rate improvement. But we also thought carefully about the fleet additions that we would make over that timeframe and the impact of additional fleet to profitability, how we might drive time utilization across that timeframe and what that means to us; really all aspects of our business. And starting from that macro backdrop, we put in what we thought were very attainable goals for the next several years, we’re not trying to dilute ourselves, we just wanted to tell the story that we thought was as close to accurate as we could and those are the numbers that came out.
William Plummer: 2013. Yeah, the way we thought about rate over that time period was 5% in 2012, and then we trended it down to low single digits over the next couple of years. So, I think it’s fair to say that we trended down from the 5% we assumed in 2012, and I’ll leave it at that.
William Plummer: Yeah, David. I think rather than sort of talk about specific rental margins, I’d just point to a couple of key aspects of our business that I know you know. We’re putting fleet into our business in a fairly significant way over that period. And that’s a very powerful lever for improving margins for us. So the amount of fleet that we’re adding over the horizon is hugely important. That’s point number one. Point number two is that, what we just said with Peter, the rate assumption, while it does trend down over the next several years, we’re still realizing rate improvement which as you know is a hugely powerful lever and generating better margin as well. So I think those are two very prominent aspects of how the margins of the business, overall rental included, will trend. And we feel comfortable that we can deliver that if the market demand is there to support that additional fleet. We believe it will be based on the macro backdrop that Michael just talked about. And so that’s why we put together the forecast the way we did.
William Plummer: Yeah. I think our general assumption is that we can continue maybe at a somewhat slower rate, but continue to trend in the customer mix that we’ve established, growing with the larger players who we believe offer us a better profit opportunity. So we continue to trend in that direction, continue to trend more toward industrial in that mix of customers. As for the fleet, again, we’ve been very consistent in saying that we’re going to continue to trend to a slightly smaller aerial share of the overall fleet and grow in some of the other areas. Some of those other areas are the specialty businesses like trench and power and HVAC. So, those will contribute very nicely as we go forward. So I think those are the things that I would call out as part of that longer-range forecast that we believe supports the margin trends that you see there.
William Plummer: Yeah. It’s – I’m rapidly scanning my brain trying to think about how to talk about the returns and not be flippant and say something like returns are going to go up. We’re certainly focused on the elements of return. And we certainly, over the forecast horizon that we put in the S-4, improve our returns. They’re going to come out of the usual suspects, right, improving rate, being more efficient with the cost side of the P&L, leveraging your fixed costs in particular over a larger fleet. We think we get better profit improvement than the increased average size of the fleet in the forecast horizon that we’ve put out there. So – maybe if you ask a more specific question, but overall we think that there is a very nicely trending path of returns over the next several years and it’s just up to us to go out and get the elements that lead to that trend in returns.
William Plummer: Yeah. No, I wouldn’t comment on a specific targeted return that’s in the S-4 forecast. Maybe I’d just drop back to say that we’re very firmly committed to the idea of delivering cost of capital returns over the cycle. And we think about our cost of capital as being something like 10% as a target. So I’ll stop there without getting more specific, but we feel good about the trend that we have toward that goal of delivering cost of capital returns over the cycle.
William Plummer: Yeah, just if I could; that – the integration process will certainly be a major focus, but we want to make sure that we’re seeing opportunities and put those opportunities in the context of everything that we’ve got going on. So, integration and, as Mike mentioned, our capital structure and how we allocate capital. That won’t be lost on us and we’re going to be very protective of the capital structure to make sure that we do good work on the capital structure over the early part following the acquisition of RSC.
William Plummer: Can I just add one thought? Maybe it’s a little too granular; but one of the things that gives me comfort is not only to hear our customers say how encouraged they are about this year and the next few, but then to dive deeper into some of our tools like our job board and actually look at the projects that those customers are on, right? And, you look at XYZ customer is on an airport expansion; well that’s going to run for a couple of few years. Another customer is on a new power plant construction project; that’s going to run for a while. Here’s a hospital over here; here’s a school expansion over there. So when you scratch the projects that folks are working on, it just feels like there’s something real and substantial underneath. The overall tone that we get is that there’s a solid year coming up. So that’s one of the things that I look at.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I’ll give you what the macro environment and Bill can go into some of the other details. But the macro environment, as we have worked with all of the outside services that are – the IHS Global Insight and Moody’s, Economy, McGraw-Hill, all the typical names that you would play out; the consensus is starting in 2012, it’s up about 2.1%. Then in 2013, it goes to 6%. And then, we also are working with the Global Insight, which as I stated in my opening comments, has been working very closely with the American Rental Association projecting what the growth patterns will be over the following years. So, those are the macro environments that we’re working with. Keep in mind, we also tie that by talking to our customers and we will do that and continue to update as we go year-to-year. But I would say that that was probably the biggest macro environment that we were looking at.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, David, we’re also trying to drive some efficiencies in the business. As you know, we’ve kicked off fast. We’ve got by the end – midyear this year, we’ll have all of our locations up on that. We do believe that, using technology to further drive efficiencies, we’ll be able to realize in the out-years.
Michael Kneeland: Well, Joe, this is Mike. We have our plans. We laid it out. We’ve – as Bill was saying, we put a lot of – set of assumptions. Could it always be better? Yeah. It could be. When you look at the landscape, as I mentioned, the well-funded, the larger companies I think will outperform the industry as a whole. And you are right; I think time utilization has kicked up for everybody. But I think that the credit market is still restricting a lot of growth and that bodes well for the larger organizations. So is there an opportunity? Yes. Our strategy is to focus on profitable growth and be selective of the customers that we’re going to choose, and also expanding our trench, power, HVAC side. So, yes, the answer is, could it be? Yes.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, Emily. This is Michael. My sense would be is, we are the first to report and if you look at historically what you have been hearing from all of my competitors who are public; they have all publicly have come out with improvement on rates, so my sense is that that trend will continue. I have said this before, and I will say it again, rates is a powerful lever within our industry. And if you look over the last several years, all of our rates came down quite a lot. And the fundamentals of getting over your cost of capital hasn’t changed and so my sense is given the high time utilization, given the fact that the Tier 4 engines and Tier 4 products are going to cost more, it’s going to behoove all of us to make sure that we get the right return on all of our assets. So my sense will be given what we’re seeing in the marketplace, it should continue. But we’ll have to wait and see but, again, my sense would be is, as you hear other companies come out publicly I would not be surprised to see their rates up as well.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. Seth, basically what we’ve been saying is we’re looking to diversify our portfolio. And to your point, around industrial, the dynamics around industrials are typically larger. They rent longer. They have the equipment out for longer periods of time. Those same dynamics you could fit into the larger national accounts spread across North America. So, we said we wanted to expand our portfolio to be somewhere in the 30% to 40% range of industrial. And I mentioned on the December call that this transaction with RSC gets us to where we want to be. And I think that when you – we look at industrial, industrial recovers first, and it’s less cyclical. We can park 2009 for a moment because it affected almost anything and everything that was moving. But in a typical cycle, it’s more resilient. But in a recovery, as you can imagine, production goes up and industry goes up, first, and then you see construction kind of lag behind it. And, my sense is you’re going to see that again here. So, when I look at it, we want to make sure that we have a blend, but it’s more the type of customer that we are focusing at inside of construction that I think is the difference today versus yesteryear.
Michael Kneeland: Well, let me just say this, that we’re razor-focused on the RSC deal and getting that done and completing that. Having said that, as I said, we’ll continue to look at the opportunities that do exist in our specialty business. We see that as a unique opportunity for growth. And more importantly, there’s a connection of cross-selling between our current customer base and those lines of business. So, we will be cognizant of what’s available out there, but we’ll also look at it from a cold start and also from a capital allocation for assets. So, it’s all the above on our specialty, but clearly I want to make a point that we are focused around the integration process of RSC and United Rentals.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I look at it – it’s a little more scientific than rolling the dice. But, as we went through the year, our time utilization consistently quarter-over-quarter was at record levels. And, as Bill mentioned, we are seeing that play out going into this year as well. But, when we talk – it’s about our customers and the way in which we go to market and we’re focused with our customers and we’re more connected with them than we ever have in the past. And, again, they’re more optimistic. It’s the work that they have in front of them. And, we also take a look at where the opportunities existed, but because of our process and the way in which we planned last year, we could have grown. We’ve been mentioning quarter over quarter and – with investors that we could have spent a lot more money last year, but we were very disciplined, and we wanted to achieve certain hurdles which we have overcome. As a result of that, even if the market were to play out at flat, forget the 2% for a moment, take a look at this past year. The market declined, and we had significant double-digit growth. I think it still plays out that the uncertainty in the marketplace, coupled with the capital – or the credit market tightness still – the secular shift toward renting is continuing that momentum. So, we have something else at play here than just the macro environment.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, Jerry, let me just say that, as I mentioned, the integration process is well underway. We just kicked it off. Individuals from both companies are looking at a way to launch the new combined organization. But, also at the same time, I want to emphasize that operationally we are two distinct companies until such time that we get all the approval and votes and we close. So, we are conducting ourselves accordingly at all levels. That being said, we do have a team that is dedicated for just what you just talked about and many more. It’s made up of both sides. I will tell you the operating principles that we are working under, I think, are the key takeaways. We are looking at it through the customer’s eyes. How do we affect the customer? And, we’re looking at integration of the best of both worlds. And, there is a lot of things that RSC does great and there are some things that we do as well. So, the question is, how can we get both of those married up and put together and that’s what these teams are focused on. Bill talked about and I mentioned about following the money and making sure that we deliver on at least that $200 million. But, then the last one is communication and we have to – we’ll continue to communicate as we come through and find these answers. But, it’s too early. We just kicked it off but you just mentioned the one thing that they have that quite honestly is a valuable asset to them. We just don’t know yet at this point.
Michael Kneeland: Well, sure. And, I’m going to ask Bill to chime in as well. But, what we have experienced during this downturn is our ability to actually achieve record time utilization while improving our rental rates on the older fleet. And so, we’ve pressure tested our theory, and we seem to be able to operate a lot – just fine at record levels on the older fleets. So, I think we will probably do some reevaluation to better understand that. As Bill mentioned, with the capital that we’re spending, we will drop our fleet age down over time and starting this year. But, to say what is the optimum area, I think we’re – we still have to refine that because, like I said, this downturn opened our eyes.
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Well, thank you, operator. I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q&A. And, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And, also I suggest that you download our latest investor deck that we’ve got posted on our website. It has our full year numbers and also some additional information. And, as always, we welcome your calls to Greenwich and for site visits to our locations to see how we operate. Again, I want to thank everybody, and we look forward to our first quarterly call. So, thank you.
