Set Weber – RBC Capital: I just wanted to get a sense for how committed you are to holding the line on this $1 billion net CapEx number. What sort of the optimal mix here if you can get 68.5% utilization and keep the 4.5% rate, I mean would that trigger a higher CapEx number or how are you thinking about the balance there, because your 68% number would actually be above what you’ve done the last couple of years.
Set Weber – RBC Capital: I mean as you’re looking at your guidance, would you think that there is more relative upside to the rate number or to the utilization and which would push – would you prefer to push rate I guess versus utilization if you had a choice.
Set Weber – RBC Capital: I mean, but do you get the sense, the smaller guys are refleeting or they based on capital constrained.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah, this is Mike. I’ll answer at this way. Look we are trying to drive profitable growth, if I were to see both rate and time, start to accelerate, I have no hesitation to spend more, but I would like to see the both of those come into play. And the other thing is I would say is that – a lot of free cash flow and we’ve got a lot of blue-sky in order to meet customer demand.
Mike Kneeland: I think you know me. I would tell you that obviously rate is near and dear to my heart has the biggest flow through and the highest potential for our margin expansion. And I think that, that’s a fair statement. So, rate I think, if you go back last year, we started out the year saying 2005, we ended up just here underneath 2007. We will continue to focus on it. We are going to continue to drive it and I think the team is low equipped. We got tools. As I stated in my opening comments, we’re now a unit as one and we’re going to focus on that.
Mike Kneeland: I think David, the way which we look at the world, you can parse out the numbers however you want but we believe that we’re going to outpace the industry this year. As I stated, and I continue to state whether it’s driving profitable growth, but don’t lose focus on the fact that our key accounts and our national accounts grew at very nice numbers and those are the areas that we continue to focus on, and you’re going to see us put more effort on growing that segment of the business.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah. I think along with the branch closures, there were variety of activities going on. I’ll tell you, one of the things that benefited 2012 for example is as you’re going through those consolidations and figuring out new responsibilities and how things are going to work, there is a level of uncertainty that’s introduced the cost – some people to say, you know what? I’m going to hold off on adding head count even though, I know that I might need to add head count. So, in that environment, ex-synergies – you might actually be operating a little bit understaffed relative to where you otherwise should be. That’s not going to be as much of an impact in 2013. At least we’re not forecasting it to be. And so that’s part of the story that causes ex-synergy flow through the back half a little big. But please don’t lose sight of the fact that 63% is still pretty good.
Mike Kneeland: Yes. So we’re not certain yet, but if we – if we make the assumption that we took the biggest opportunities first, which would be a safe assumption, we’ve probably frontloaded that and some of the additional markets that we rollout, you don’t have as much density in. So, the scale may have some effect on where you’re going to fall between that 1% to 3% range, but we expect to be in that range.
Mike Kneeland: So – to your last question, I don’t feel that the new used pricing really has an effect on our rental rate whatsoever. It’s in the big scheme of things, it’s not a driver for the – for end users, so the rental still such an attractive value versus all the cost that come along with owning, I don’t think that’s part of a decision process. Your first question was about 4.5% rate, and if I recall what the opportunity is, we’ve pegged 4.5, because that’s it we think. If you look at the 2% carryover that we referred too, and then the figure at first quarter, some of the middle quarters are where we have our opportunity, we make some sequential assumptions that get us to that 4.5% rate that we are very comfortable with. If the demand picks up sooner, Mike had said earlier, the second half of the year we feel stronger. If we see the demand in the first half of the year increase more than we’ve forecasted, we will – I think we have proven in the past, we won’t hold off on getting that opportunity. And that can very well show up in rate. Yeah, the other thing I would say just – look we’re trying to be as transparent as we possibly can. We’re trying to make sure that everyone can try to look at how we see the world and the metrics to go behind the revenue that we’re putting out there. So to the extent, it’s a balancing act as Matt mentioned and we are going to continue to drive rate, it’s – this is an industry that has to get over its cost of capital and to the cycle, and that’s what we’re focused on.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah. Rates by month on a year-over-year for the month of October, it was 6.5%, for November it was 6.1% and for December it was 5.3% and for the full quarter it was 6% on a weighted average.
Mike Kneeland: I’ll start with the client survey and it’s a great point because our December survey of our customers, 62% of the key customers expect growth over 2012, which is up slightly from what we had in our last quarterly call. So, we take that as a takeaway from our customers’ confidence level is – is beginning to rein bullish and we take that as a positive. With regard to some of the industries, the power sector is still an area, where we are – we participate in, in a broad sense and we think in 2012, it will continue in 2013. We could debate whether there is a pipeline, there is an half a lot of work is being done once we’ve got all of the – all of the wells are drilled for natural gas and for wet gas. It’s an efficient way of fuel and we see that demand.
Mike Kneeland: And given that the temperatures that were – we are unfortunately going through right now, whether it’s rather cold that’s going to I think acerbate some of the demand or the need for that fuel in energy sector. Our power grid continues to be – needs to be refurbished, that’s underway, and it’s a long-term project. The same goes for coal and all of fossil fuel plants, their aging repairs ongoing, and then I would say that – one of the things that we’re seeing is more investment in the chemical side of the business, particularly in the Southwest or in the Gulf area and from foreign investment coming in here, but stable, and we have lower energy prices. And so we’re seeing more of that start to play out inside of our industry. Having said all that, I’ll also point out that one area that we’re looking at markets, we don’t see there is a growth in Northeast Canada, it came off of high. It’s still going to grow, but not at the rate we saw historically. Western Canada will remain strong and that’s – hope I answered all of your questions.
Mike Kneeland: I would also point out that there is going to be some things that we are going to roll out this year, that we just haven’t announced. We are going expand on some of the technology and leverage that, some of the best practices that we haven’t yet implemented, will be rolled out, and you know so to be more to come.
Mike Kneeland: Well, I will be missed and tell you I think there is upside, right. Because the idea is that you know we continue to drive profitable growth. We have a lot of things that we are going to be utilizing some of what, we just mentioned some of the things around profitability by product and by customer, that technology exists rolling that out, implementing those type of tools, further capital efficiencies around, what’s not available for rent all to margin improvement. So, for me I would tell you that there is just more to come.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah, on that point, just to point out, the harmonization of all the contracts, although we kind of, almost all being done, they are not all done. We’ve got about 90% done. We’ll get the balance of those baked into this quarter. I think Matt’s exactly right as you see the quarters unfold this year, you’ll see more visibility around those numbers.
Mike Kneeland: So, what I would say is we haven’t parsed it at that level, we got I mean we gave the guidance that shows you the increment – the drop through for overall revenue, whether it’s price, volume, mix, whatever – fleet, whatever is implicit in the guidance. And David Raso earlier talked about 63% if you exclude the impact of synergies. We haven’t broken out the incremental impact of volume at that level of detail. So, I’d – I actually don’t even have number committed to memory that I’d want throw out there. Clearly volume is going to be a focus for us. We’re putting more fleet in. We’re going to raise utilization and certainly that’s going to be a key driver of our overall profit improvement. But why don’t we leave the discussion at the total revenue level.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah, with acquisition, we always are going to be focused on driving profitable growth, I would say, and you’re going to hear me say that over and over. Strategically, it has fit, it has to – there have been a lot of rigor around this, it also has to be accretive, and the cultural fit. And having said all that, we always look at what’s out there and I think one of the areas that was very evident that we’re going to be focusing on is our specialties side of the business, which is a very high return and bodes very well with our current customer mix, as we go forward. So again opportunistic, but no need to rush out there, and we’ll continue as we stated earlier, we’ve got a lot of free cash flow and not only this year, but the years to come. So, but we’re going to be in a position.
Mike Kneeland: I don’t measure it in that way. I think that people try to get into – and to talk to us to get a sense of what our thoughts are and I will tell you that I turn away as many years I open up, so I don’t measure it in that form, it’s just I think people are trying to understand what our appetite is and we’ve got this – these integrations underway that’s foremost on my radar screen. It’s delivering what we said we’re going to deliver and then some we got the best in class, we got to deliver on the best practices and then it has to be strategic. How can it fit with our long-term view.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks, operator and thanks, everyone for joining us today. You’ll find our Investor presentation on our website. We’ve got some updated data that we hopefully find – you find is useful for all of you and as always feel free to call us or Fred Bratman here in Greenwich and you can discuss the details in more – all of the comments in detail. And also if anyone would like to extend visitation to anyone of our sites to get a better sense of how we operate it. Thank you very much and we look forward to our next quarterly call.
Matt Flannery: Hey Set, this is Matt. Overall, I think everybody is being very rational. And you know the national players are in much the same mode that we are and I think the rest of the industry is following suit and that’s good for the entire industry. So, I’m very comfortable and encouraged by that.
Matt Flannery: Great. Joe it’s – so, it’s 20 that are already implemented and another 15 that we’ve got planned to rollout. There’s probably another 10 to 12 after that. If you look at branch count, which – it is necessarily tied the revenue, it’s about 50% of our footprint. It is condensed enough to take opportunities of shared services that the Metro Model offers. I don’t know if that answers your question, but we’ve been encouraged by the results of the models we had, and obviously the longer ones, and ones that have been in place in early first quarter 2012 have significantly better metrics than the company average. So, we’re very encouraged by that.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, Nick this is Matt, we had in the fourth quarter about $6 million of revenue that was directly – was a result of the impact of Sandy. There is about a third of that, that remains on rent today. So not a large number. As far as forward looking the start have been now starting to come in as far as the construction planning starts now that the – the government since approved the funding specifically for the Jersey Shore, but we forecast maybe $20 million, $25 million of additional what we see on rent in those affected areas so it will be big in that in those communities and in that area and we’ll play a big role, but we don’t see it as a needle mover a big impact on the overall company’s scale.
Matt Flannery: Bill, touched upon on it right, a lot of the operational efficiencies, you need to time to actually achieve right, so specifically as we report achieved synergies, you’ll see more achieved synergies from branch operations coming in 2013 than you did 2012, and we’ll get to our 200 million achieved for the full year and that bring us to a run rate of 220 by year end 2013. So most of the achievement will be done by year end 2013, to get to our 230 and 250 fully developed plan.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I mean if you’re just talking about – talking about overall from 10,000 feet. We spent more time and energy in the past six months on preparing our sales team for sales force effectiveness through new tools in training then we have – in my 20 years in the industry and this I really think we’ll see the benefit of that. On top of the stabilization of everybody being there, new territories, there are new stores and just the overall, the full year effect of having the team together I think we will be able to achieve the growth that we have forecasted.
Matt Flannery: Hi, this is Matt. We haven’t pegged specific number on it. I will say that we are well on target to hitting our commitment of $50 million of incremental EBITDA that we reported last year is our target. And if you recall that will come at a high flow through, because where we are getting that will be somewhere between 460 million and $70 million of additional revenue. And I’m not even trying to avoid giving you an answer. The real challenge is unlike cost synergies, we have set things in motion to achieve revenue synergies, but we actually have to build the revenue, which is going to come throughout the year to take credit for. But we do feel that we’ve the actions in place to meet and probably exceed our plan.
Bill Plummer: So, David, it’s Bill. What I would say on the rental revenue growth is, it’s at a certain level, it’s a systematical question about outperform the industry. We do have a rental revenue growth within that center point $5 billion revenue number that we gave. That is an excess of anything that we’ve heard from forecasting services for the industry in the year and we haven’t given the exact number, but you can back into it reasonably close. I think you would have to know a little bit more about our assumptions for contractor supplies new equipment and so on in order to get super-precise. But we feel very comfortable in saying that we will outperform the industry in the year and that’s what underlies that guidance. In terms of the flow-through performance and the change versus last year, we view 63% as being very robust flow-through performance when you exclude the impact of synergies. That’s – if you look back over the history of the company and the industry, I think you have to say that – that’s a good level of performance, it is as good as the 73,74 range that we were in 2012, clearly not, but I think what we got in 2012, it’s hard to imagine that you’re going to be able to sustain forever. We don’t have as much rate realization assumed for 2013 as we actually had in 2012. That backs off the flow-through impact. We aren’t putting as much fleet in on a percentage basis in 2013 as we did in 2012 and you know the benefit of flowing more fleets through the fixed cost basis pretty significant. So, that would back off your flow-through in 2013. So, when you start parsing through the things that – that we wouldn’t have there on our 2013 forecast, compared to what we had in 2012. It’s not shocking to me that our flow through ex-synergies would be down and we can have a robust debate about how much they should be down. But we feel good about 63% ex-synergies based on what we expect for the year.
Bill Plummer: Yeah. I’ll take that one, so January is tracking as we expected both for rate and fleet on rent and time utilization. It – it’s started – I’ll step back and say one of the things that you saw this year with Christmas being on a Tuesday as we saw the latter half of December, things softened up a little bit more than you normally would see, if Christmas were on a Monday or Friday or over the weekend so the second half of December was little softer. And so we started the year a little lower than we otherwise might have. But we’ve called out all that back and so January is on pace both in terms of rate and in terms of getting fleet into the market and it feels pretty good at this point.
Bill Plummer: We’re also having a colder winter than last year. Unlike last year, there was more, one of pause, because there is oversupply of natural gas.
Bill Plummer: Tim, so make sure I understand your question. You’re looking for the drop through of just incremental volume alone.
Bill Plummer: Certainly. So as we look at 2013 and what’s implicit in the guidance is a mix impact that’s somewhere around a 0.5 of headwind. So, 4.5% rate whatever your model for volume is and explicitly we’re saying about a 0.5 of mixed headwind, that will give you the high-single digits creeping upon 10% revenue growth that’s implicit in that overall total revenue growth that we’ve guided to. So, that’s how we’re thinking about it.
