William Plummer: So in SG&A, I guess the only other thing that I would point out is that the incentive comment I made about cost of rent, repeats in SG&A as well, since incentive comp is part of what remains after you strip out that non-recurring from last year. Outside of that, there are the normal puts and takes within SG&A, I would point out that obviously the higher revenue is driving higher commissions. But as a percent of revenue overall, the selling cost is not dramatically different this year versus last year. But we're pleased generally with the SG&A performance, excluding that one-time item last year. But as is always the case, we're looking for opportunities to drive it even lower. As you look down the road, a couple of key things to point out that might be coming, and this relates both to cost of rent and SG&A. I'll remind everyone that we haven't had merit increases for the last couple of years. We will reinstate our merit increases beginning in the second quarter. We expect that impact to be somewhere in the area of $8 million year-over-year for the remainder of this year. It's about $6 million in cost of rent, another $2 million in SG&A. And that represents a little bit of a headwind that we know is coming down the pipe. We also reinstated the prior caps to our 401(k) program. That's a much smaller impact that we actually experienced in the first quarter, but that will continue throughout the remainder of this year. So that's another kind of a recurring expense item. It was only $300,000 or so in the cost of rent. I forget what the number is in SG&A, even though it's a fairly small number. So it's not a major issue, but it's something that I at least wanted to mention. And then as we looked at some of the incremental expense and repair and maintenance expense that I talked about in cost of rent earlier, that extra $4 million that's beyond volume, one of the challenges that we want to make sure that we're looking at is, are we making the right decisions and are we spending the right amount of money and was the sort of a onetime event in the first quarter or is a portion of that going to recur? And I think it's hard to put your finger on exactly how much will be recurring and how much will be one-time, but of that $4 million adverse, clearly there's a portion that's related to our fleet just being a little bit older. We talked about each month of fleet age held over an entire year being worth about $2 million, $2.5 million. Well, there was 4 month difference year-over-year in the first quarter of fleet age. So if you just used that simple metric, that might say that we had an extra couple of million bucks worth of repair and maintenance expense in the first quarter, associated just with the fleet age being a little bit older. Will that recur as we go through the year? Part of it will. But the delta, the year-over-year difference in fleet age in second, third and fourth quarter will be less than it was in the first quarter. So the recurring amount will go down in each quarter as we go through the year. So those are the things that I would point to as items to think about recurring as they go through the year, and I'd be glad to talk about more if that didn't address your question, Ted.
William Plummer: Yes sir, so on headcount -- I'm scrambling madly to find it on my list here. We've got it. For the average employees, we're down roughly 475 year-over-year -- yes, for the average during the quarter. So clearly, continuing that trend of being more efficient in supporting the operations with a lesser headcount.
William Plummer: So in the quarter -- we have a diesel hedging program in place, Ted. And for the quarter, about 40% of our exposure was hedged. In subsequent quarters, that number is going to be higher. We put on some more hedges. So we're about 70% hedged for our diesel need over the remaining quarters of this year. We haven't historically talked about the specific numbers attached to the amount of diesel that we consume or the dollars associated with it. So I won't offer any new information on that, just here and now. I don't think that there was a major impact to the quarter overall from higher diesel but clearly, it was a headwind for us.
William Plummer: We are encouraged that we can continue to drive more through retail overall than we have historically. I'm not here to say that we're going to do 85% in retail for the remainder of the year, but we fully expect a solid retail mix throughout the remainder of the year. I do think that auction will remain a fairly small portion of what we do throughout the remainder of the year. And I'd say that a, because we're doing better through retail; and b, because we will do more sales back to some of our vendors this year as the year goes on. Didn't do a tremendous amount in the first quarter, but as we go through second, third quarter and maybe in the fourth quarter in particular, we expect to sell more back to some of the vendors. Those sales usually come with margins that are better than auction but not as good as our retail channel. And so as we mix more of that type of sale in the margin performances, it's clearly going to be lower than what we did in the first quarter. We haven't put a specific number on it, but it will clearly be lower than first quarter.
William Plummer: Phil, it's Bill. This is always a -- to do it right, is always a complex discussion. But I'll point out what we do, do. In our rate calculation, the 4.2%, that is the weighted average of the year-over-year changes using the current period waiting for time mix, day, week and month and for fleet mix. And so because it's based on the current period waiting, you can't just use it directly to explain the year-over-year change in revenue. It is, in our view, the best way to think about and to talk about rental rate performance because it fixes the mix as it relates to rate and it fixes it at a point that is in the current period, which is what the current market is all about. But it does make it harder to just blindly apply it to the year-over-year change in revenue and say, oh well, everything that's not rate by that calculation has got to be either volume or mix. The other thing to think that about in trying to explain year-over-year change is that when we say volume up, we're talking about the OEC on rent as the measure of volume. And so clearly embedded in that is a change in mix from one period to another. That makes it complicated to talk about the year-over-year change, explain the year-over-year change just using the OEC change from one year to another. So it's a fairly complex interplay if you're trying to explain the year-over-year change in revenue and that's why it's hard to talk through. Let me stop there and ask you if that helps or if that confuses you even more and we'll give you this concession to ask another question, if it didn't help.
William Plummer: We had a notion that we might do the acquisition. It wasn't certain at the point that we set the number, but we had a notion. I don't look at it as a pullback in organic CapEx at all. We feel very comfortable that we can flex whatever activities we need to flex in order to accommodate CapEx for the acquisition. So I don't look at it the way you stated the question, Jerry.
William Plummer: Without going to the specific cost of revenue synergies, I think that we are certainly expecting Venetor to enhance our position in Ontario, in particular. And we fully expect to leverage the people, systems, the equipment and the relationships that they have both for revenue improvement and for cost synergies. We've consciously chosen not to talk though specifically about the synergy numbers simply because we believe the synergies are there and are justified. But some of that work has to be done and some of that work, quite honestly, we don't want to show our hand to some of our competitors.
William Plummer: No, you got it right. The comps are easier in Q1 and Q2. Q2 is actually pretty easy as well. Remember the trough for us last year was March. And it was April on that we had sequential improvements throughout the remainder of the year. So the comps are easier but our expectation is that the level of demand that we expect to see in the season this year, as well as the level of focus that we put on managing rate will help us achieve even better sequential rate improvement in the second and third quarter in particular, and that will lead to an acceleration in the year-over-year performance of the second and third quarter compared to what we got in the first quarter. So that's one of the things that we've tried to address throughout the first quarter in some of our comments in conferences and one-on-ones when we said that we didn't expect the rate performance to be front-end loaded. Our expectation always has been second quarter, third quarter are going to give us the opportunity to have significant rate improvement. And in fact, you can do the math, right, we were 4.2% in the first quarter. So we expect that we are going to do even better than that, and in fact, better than 5% in order by the math, right, in the second and third quarter in particular. And so that's what we the believe will be available to us and we're going to execute against it.
William Plummer: You've got to remember the seasonality in our business, Chase. So the first quarter is always going to be a higher percent of revenue because it's such a lower revenue quarter. As we go through the year, our plan has us reducing SG&A as a percent of revenue over the remainder of the year, especially excluding the impact of that regulatory recovery that we had in the first quarter. That's the way that we're thinking about it and that represents leverage that we expect to achieve for the cost takeouts that we've done over the last several years.
William Plummer: Harder question to address, Seth, but I think that's probably at the lower end of what you might think about. I'm dancing carefully here to stay consistent with how we decided to communicate. So I don't want to sound cute, but I'd rather not put a specific number on it. But I think that with some of the cost items that I talked about, we're going to be very intently focused on making sure that the cost that we need to bear, we do bear. Our hope is that we'll deliver a flow-through that's better than that. Historically, it has been a little better than that. And we'll continue to drive it as much as we can.
William Plummer: So I think the real rationale that we haven't raised it is as we've looked down the year, the utilization improvements that come in the second, third and fourth quarter, last year that came last year, were significant. I mean, they were huge improvements. And so we're cautious about baking in a lot of improvement over those records in the remaining quarters of this year. Are we overly cautious? I guess time will tell. We certainly felt good about the momentum we established in utilization in the first quarter and 3 months from now, when we're talking, maybe we do raise it a little bit above the 1%. But right now, we feel that the 1% is the right way to think about it and we're going to, as always, push to make that happen and then some.
William Plummer: It includes the capital that we would spend in support of the acquired company. That make sense to you? So $625 million would include any capital that we would spend to support Venetor. It does not include the purchase price of buying Venetor.
William Plummer: In next quarter's Q, by GAAP, we will have to put in the cash flow used in investments, and so look for exciting reading in the second.
William Plummer: David, so I think what I tried to do in my commentary was to talk about things like focusing on improving our PM currency and focusing on reducing the amount of OEC that's not available for rent, whether it's because of repair or pickup status or whatever. That focus was an intense focus in the first quarter. And we see it in the results, right? Our PM currency when you look at the improvement over the prior year, just looking at the month of March, it was up 1.5 percentage points. And so we certainly got a result, right? We wanted to manage the fleet to a higher level of preventive maintenance overall and we got it. Similarly, with OEC not available. That improved, just for the month of March, improved by about 1 percentage point, 1 full percentage point. So our fleet is more readily available for rent. Those were particular focuses in the first quarter that was part of the repair and maintenance expense story within cost of rent. One of the things that I can't say with certainty right now is whether any incremental expense from that special focus will continue through the remainder of the year. Our hope is and our expectation is that it does not. But making sure is one of the things that we're going to be very focused on as we go through the second quarter and further on. The one thing that, again, I tried to point out is that, that is going on and will recur is the fact that our fleet is older this year than it was last year. In the first quarter, that difference was about 4 months. The difference will be less in the subsequent quarters simply because we were aging the fleet throughout last year, but there will still be a difference and therefore there will be an impact just to maintain a fleet that's a little bit older. Historically again, we've talked about each month held over an entire year being worth somewhere between $2 million and $3 million, call it $2.5 million for kicks. So those are the things that I would point to within the rental line as areas to focus on. The other areas, I mentioned profit-sharing, that's going to recur, that's going to continue throughout the year as long as we continue to perform well. It was a $4 million impact in the first quarter. So if we continue to do as well, you could expect a number like that in each quarter coming up. And then I also pointed out the merit increase that we expect that we know will be reinstated effective April and carried through for the remainder of the year. That was about $6 million in cost of rent, $2 million in SG&A.
William Plummer: Yes, I want to be clear that the 65% to 70% flow-through is total revenue flow-through to EBITDA. The rental revenue flow-through to rental gross profit was about 59% in the quarter and that's what's impacted by all of these cost of rent-related items most directly that I just talked about. I just wanted to make that distinction clear.
William Plummer: Yes. Again, David, I guess I would also add that the rental flow-through to gross profit of 59% -- I think at 59% is what I calculated, maybe it's 58% -- is not out of line with what we had in the first quarter in prior years. So that's something that gives us some comfort that says, you know what there's not a lot of unusually large costs that we incurred in the first year. But it is a little low relative to where it's been in other quarters throughout the year. And given the focus that we put on some of the measures, we thought it appropriate to call out and talk about those factors as part of what's been driving our rental performance. We feel good about our rental performance. So let me be clear about that, right? We improved our rental gross margin by over 5 percentage points compared to last year, that is not nothing to sneeze at. But we want to be upfront in talking about the focus on costs that we want to maintain because it's harder now, with variable costs going up on higher volume, it's harder now to be as clear about the cost performance than it was last year and the year before where you could just say, oh, the overall cost dollars are down. Now we've got to be a little more nuanced in how we talk about it so that's why we're focused on it.
William Plummer: I don't yet have and I must admit, I haven't done a detailed analysis on sort of permanent temporary for this quarter. My gut's telling me that I don't have the reason to be concerned about the share that's permanent being significantly different. But I also want to be very, very vigilant around the cost performance to make sure that, that indeed is the case. And so that's what I'm trying to give a flavor for as we've talked about our cost performance in the first quarter.
William Plummer: Thanks, Scott. I'll start. And I think for the quarter, the reason I focused and spent so much time talking about the cost is that as we saw the cost unfold in the quarter, we said to ourselves, let's make sure that we're spending cost in the right place and we're spending the right level of cost. And we've gotten ourselves comfortable on a number of items, but there are a couple of things that we want to explore further. So the amount of effort and expense that we put into improving PM currency, improving OEC not available, we want to make sure that, that's the right level. We're not concerned, it's not a problem, but we want to make sure that we are not missing an opportunity to be even more efficient in the use of that expense than we were in the first quarter. So I'm being very careful here because I do want to be clear that it's a matter of wanting to be hyper-focused, to make sure that we're using every expense dollars as efficiently as we can. For the full year, we're very comfortable with all of the outlook that we've given you. We feel like we've got -- even if there is an issue in cost, we've got ways to respond to it. And so in that regard, if it turns out there is an issue in cost building, we feel like we've got some additional actions that we can take to address fixed cost or to address variable cost elsewhere if we need to. So I'm trying to be responsive but also very particular in saying that there is a cost focus here and it's something that we want to make sure that we are maintaining.
William Plummer: Starting next year, I think you should be modeling more like the low-30s. Tax rate is always an adventure with us just given the mix shifts that happen, but I think being in the low-30s is good guidance for you. You know, the acquisition of Venetor, for example, skews us a little bit more toward Canada. So that's going to help maintain that rate down in the low-30s.
Michael Kneeland: Ted, I was going to mention, just on that note, when you look at the rental revenue per head of which is a metric I keenly watch, it was just under $20,000 per head, around $19,900 and change, which was a 22% improvement on a year-over-year basis. So again, we're very cognizant of watching our costs.
Michael Kneeland: No, I would say I think he's right on, Henry. The way you look at -- if you look at it over time, you can see the sequential improvements we have from first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter and then back down into the first quarter. The seasonal impact is there and the reason we mentioned that is that it's part of our overall business, and we have the broadest footprint and therefore we have probably a higher fluctuation than others.
Michael Kneeland: That's a great question because we expected Canada to do strong -- to be honest with you, if I was sitting here saying 35% in the plan process, we probably would have thought a little bit differently around it. We knew it was going to come in strong, we just didn't know it's going to come in that strong. The other thing is, as we've mentioned, particularly around states, when you take a look at California at 10% -- again, we suffered with California for several years and there's nothing dramatic that has changed other than the fact that we took a lot of locations out. But to see that part of the country come back online, we take that as a positive. And conversely if you take a look at Florida, Florida was up again strong single digits. And of those 2 areas of the country which have been particularly hard-hit with this economy, we took a lot of -- it gives us a lot of confidence in how things are playing out. So those are kind of the bookends. I would also say that the Midwest also, given the impact it's had over the last several years, we knew once the big 3 got back online and started to think about producing cars, it has a profound effect throughout the economy. So the Midwest had a very nice pickup for us as well.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would say on that is just to Bill's point on used prices, as a general comment, Henry, if you take a look at the Rouse report, it had a 3% improvement in one month which is pretty healthy considering that over the past 6 months, used prices are up 7.5%. So clearly as we've stated -- as I've stated, you take a look at used prices as being one of the foundations of the recovery and then comes utilization and then comes rate. So I always look at the used price market as a whole.
Michael Kneeland: Chase, I would just add that the biggest take away I look at is and I thought was very important was the sequential rate improvement between fourth quarter and first quarter. Even in the great strong economic times, it's always been challenging to get that kind of sequential rate improvement. So we've got 0.5 point between the 2 quarters and typically going in your first quarter, which is your most challenging and weakest one. So we feel very comfortable, I think the team is doing a remarkable job and we're always looking for more.
Michael Kneeland: It's always a balance between rate and time and that's always going to play out. I think if you go through -- as we go through the second quarter and we re-announce the second quarter, if we see something different, we'll obviously communicate that and let you know if we're going to up it. But clearly, we want to be cautious because we want to make sure we're balancing against the rate improvement that we want to achieve.
Michael Kneeland: We're not trying to be cute. As you know, it's something that we have never talked about and we also are always in communication with other companies and we just felt it was appropriate that we just keep that private.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. The one other thing I would add is that when you take a look at -- when you're trying to look from third quarter to fourth quarter to first quarter, if you look at the history of the company overall, when you take a look at the performance, there's always been a buildup in the first quarter to the second to the third. And then from the fourth quarter into the first quarter, there's always been a little bit of a drop. So it's been historic on the gross margin on rental.
Michael Kneeland: We haven't, at this point. In talking with some of the contractors, obviously, the most immediate cost is the cost of fuel that they have. They're very sophisticated, and some of our large ones, our large customers may buy these things out well in advance and secure their pricing for most of their jobs. And we haven't seen any disruption to-date or even mentioned to us based on the rising cost. I think that we talked about rising cost and a whole multitude of things, not only in the construction but just about everywhere we can think of including certain commodities like cotton. Having said that, one of the things that we were attracted to the Canadian market was because of commodities and the desire to get those commodities. We think it fuels a lot of the growth in the Canadian marketplace.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would mention is as far as actions that we're doing, Scott, is as you know we've mentioned about our program called FAST. We're rolling that out. We believe that will drive a better efficiency in our delivery process. We've got about 90 of our locations to-date that have been trained, and we will continue that to the balance of this year, but those are longer-term effects that should yield us some cost efficiencies as we go forward.
Michael Kneeland: Operator, it's a good time to wrap up the Q&A, and I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. If you go to our website, you can download our latest investor deck, which has been updated and also expanded with new information. And as always, we welcome your calls here in Greenwich and get a hold of Fred Bratman, if you would please, and we'll make sure that we can reach out to you and answer any additional questions. So operator, this concludes our remarks. And have a great day, and we'll see you next quarter.
