Michael Kneeland: Ross I'd say that there is nothing really unusual other than the impact of tax reform, nothing else unusual driving our free cash realization. So I think that story might be told by the impact of tax reform. Remember that the 100% depreciation under tax reform goes away after five years, so at some point that benefit is going to be reduced. Remember also that they placed caps on the amount -- the percentage of EBITDA that you need to be below in order to still deduct interest expense, we are below that cap currently but that cap changes from a percent of EBITDA to a percent of EBIT at some point in the next few years. And depending on where we are in our profitability and our leverage it may have an impact as well but those are the things that I think over the future years -- the unusual things that might impact the cash conversion outside of just our normal operating performance.
Michael Kneeland: I would just add additionally that the capital spending forecast for what is the largest part of our industrial business is petrochem are both positive for 2018 and 2019; so we're encouraged about that as well.
Michael Kneeland: The fact that we've had the capital available to us, not only coming into this year in 2018 but we've had it for quite some time. It really to me is going to be predicated on our customers, the customer demand and wanting us to go beyond. We talked about total control, there are a lot of Fortune 500 companies that we are engaged with and using our digital front. And that may be the impetus to get us beyond North America but there is no footrace and as Bill mentioned about acquisitions, they will be what they will be and they would be under the same scrutiny that we've always gone through it. But still plenty of opportunity in North America but we never say never and when the time is right or the customer is prepared, we'll be prepared to go what them.
Michael Kneeland: Scott, there is a lot of positive industrial macro indicators that are out there, number one. And I'm not going to list them all because I think you know who they all are but they are uniformly positive, number one. Number two, just looking at some of the other resources – IR [ph], they are looking at the value of maintenance projects and capital projects as increasing; so we take those along with what we get back from their regions and our customers -- what they have on their books and what they're seeing. So we take all that to frame up our comments.
Michael Kneeland: As far as where it is today we feel very confident and about the capabilities we've built, the customer adoption we know is going to be a longer cycle; so it's not a big piece of our revenue right now and it's a pretty good mix of new customers versus existing customers. What we truly believe and why we've invested in this area is this is going to be the price of entry in the future, and not just for new customers but we think a lot of our existing customers will break more and more technology; so we view this as a must have long-term which is why we made the investment and we're seeing good early signs of the people that are adopting it, it's still a small percentage of our business.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would add to that is, the digital era is here and it's going to grow overtime. And if you take a look at the total control, order entry for our customers and even internally for -- whether it be our sales force, the digital component is going to grow. What we've been doing is we've put everything under one unified platform so everything comes together in a more customer-friendly environment; so it's not only -- like I said in my opening comments, it's not just a digital -- if they want used equipment, if they want to go into safety training, rent equipment -- find information on their fleet through telematics, this is all coming together under one uniform platform that we have built and we're rolling out. There will be more to come and more update as we make progress but it's an investment that we're making for the future.
Michael Kneeland: I would say that it's also as you know -- the industry is overall is reacting positively; so I think I've mentioned this in several calls in the past that our industry is becoming more sophisticated and smarter, and knows about returns and so that's a good sign and I think you'll probably hear others as well talk about it.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think it will be a combination of all of the above. For example; the investment we made in telematics and now educating the end user on the benefits of what they can get out of it and making that information for them available in a format that they can get and manipulate as need be, that'd be one. With regards to companies trying to find ways to control their cost, drive better time utilization or efficiencies in their plants or on those job sites; that's another form by which we do. And then you know we talk about safety, our United Academy of making sure that we're connecting not only equipment but people as well, that I think is going to pay dividends for us as a company in entangling our customers in a way that I don't know what my competitors are doing but what we know is that you know the digital communication is important, it's real-time, is giving them data, it requires them just to log-on where -- I'd far as I know were one of the few if not the only that you can order deliver, return and never talk to anybody and for some people in programming their jobs that's very attractive. Not everyone has a staff. So we're trying to touch as broad audience as we can and we're specializing in areas like -- we talked about total control but there are benefits that we think that will yield us a lot more in the longer term. We will continue to invest, the board is very supportive of thinking about digital and how we can think differently and helping our customers become more productive. That's what we do for a living, that's our job.
Michael Kneeland: This is always competition. I think it makes us smarter, makes us more customer-centric, makes us have to think about what we bring to a value proposition. I never assume anything and so we have to make sure that we're listening to the customer and making sure we're meeting that demand. Some of our competitors are doing some other similar things that we're doing. But it's up to us to sting out how we can make a smarter or better mousetrap to capture that customer. We're broad, we have a broad customer reach and how we can leverage our customer through our cross-sell I think is something that we are doing exceptionally well and we'll continue to leverage on that.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, as you can see we're excited about 2018, we expect to report solid progress in the coming quarters. In the meantime, as you -- you can always call Ted Grace, how is our Head of IR with any questions you may have and I urge you also to go on the website and download or look at our investor presentation that we have online. So that wraps up for today, so operator you can please end the call. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: I wouldn't say that there has been an extraordinary tightness due to the hurricanes, maybe in a few markets but we felt all year demand was -- that the combination of demand and the disciplined supply of the industry really played into the dynamic of great opportunity and better time utilization; and we see that continuing and we're forecasting that to continue throughout 2018. As far as -- we maybe a little bit lighter on the cadence of our 2018 CapEx growth; so we might bring in a little bit less than normal in Q1 just because we brought more in Q4 than we usually would but other than that no real impact on our full year thoughts about CapEx where we get back to more normal cadence.
Matt Flannery: As far as the great observation on the total control value we feel very strongly about it and fortunately the customer response seems to feel strong as well; so that is organic growth and it's as you could see a couple of points higher than what our overall growth is. And I think that's important because although it's not a huge percentage of our customer base they're usually large important strategic customers and we go through that extra effort to add value to them and they do outpace our overall growth. As far as the dirt attractiveness, obviously we like the impact of the Neff acquisition, not just the talent we brought in or the fleet mix but I think the biggest opportunity are the customers that we brought with that. So adding a larger mix of dirt gives an opportunity to serve maybe a broader customer base than we had previously. The net-net impact in dirt fleet, it went from 12% of our overall fleet profile last year to 14% this year and although that is an impact, the bigger impact is the access to those customer bases, especially in key verticals like infrastructure which we're very bullish on.
Matt Flannery: Absolutely, especially as the demand continues and we already were to be clear set aside from the Neff acquisitions; the Neff acquisition just gave us a real boost specifically in the larger end of the dirt.
Matt Flannery: I think you can look to Slide 7, we actually give you a three-year sequential pricing grid there if you want to get into the detail later but you're correct, it was better than 2016, we're very encouraged by that. I think it plays off of the demand that we've been discussing on the call today and really throughout the calendar year '17 and we expect that to continue. If you want to delay over or carryover, so -- and we're going to talk about rate pro forma because we think that's the important way to think about it and it's the way we manage internally. We've got a 1.65 carryover going into 2018 -- pro forma. If you overlay the exact experience of sequential rate performance that we had in 2017 over that that would get you to about a 2% year-over-year rate improvement pro forma for '18. So we feel that's a good anchoring point; all I would say is that we haven't had a Q4 in a while where every single region had positive sequential performance and we're very pleased with that. Even Canada got to almost flat year-over-year in Q4 which is great for that team that's been fighting headwinds for a few years now.
Matt Flannery: I would say it's as projected, we're not giving in quarter guidance but Q1 always has -- it will be your toughest sequential but it's the year-over-year that we're focused on and trying to maintain that momentum and you know, that's embedded in our conversation, stay tuned for April, you'll get the exact update.
Matt Flannery: So as far as recurring, as I stated to Scott it's about 50-50; existing account customers and new customers joining in and they overtime convert to account customers but it is very broad geographically, product mix and even duration of rental. I would -- it's certainly a higher percentage of transactional than our overall base business because we have such a large base of key account business but I'm very surprised by how much recurring business and long-term rentals we're getting through that as a percentage as well.
Matt Flannery: Steve, it has been very broad, it is not any one segment, any one geography, any one vertical. Although we have had oil and gas growth to put in perspective it's still less than 5%; the upstream is still less than 5% of our overall revenue and I don't think it has -- certainly hasn't yet and I don't truly think that will ever get to the rate levels that it had previously, right; we're not going to have that oil rush in upstream again. I think everybody understands including the operator -- that wasn't a healthy way to operate and I don't see that recurring. So it's really been lifted by just -- by broad-based demand and as I mentioned, every region in the company had sequential positive rates in Q4.
Matt Flannery: So specifically in the Gulf Coast I would call the first half of '17 was a little bit tougher than the back half; we actually saw improvement in Q4 in petrochem. I think going forward more importantly the capital spending forecast are up in both, higher in chemical, I mean we're talking about plus 30% capital project spending in chemical and almost double-digit in refining and those are really the two big buckets of business that we focused on in the Gulf Coast industrial business. So I think it's -- we can call it flattish to slightly up overall in '17 over '16 but encouraged and planning to do better in '18.
Matt Flannery: I would only at now certainly remains attractive and a prioritized focus for us in investment. We're going to do another 18 cold starts in specialty in 2018 and that's on top of the sixteen net we did this past year, so it still remains very tracked and I'll make sure that's clicker. But if the competition is getting stronger we're getting better because our growth rates are still pretty robust.
William Plummer: So just the aggregate industrial have to pull a number together but the key areas for us as we think about growth going forward, chemical processing certainly is an attractive growth area for us. The manufacturing might be a little slower this year, metals and mining and minerals we think could be a nice growth area for us as we go forward as well. And then power pulp, paper and wood products will probably contribute as we go forward as well. Oil and gas, if you want to call that industrial has been a growth area for us, upstream activity had a nice growth in 2017 given the impact of oil pricing and drilling activity, the upstream part of that will be a growth area for us. Midstream and downstream will depend on -- quite honestly on the timing of some of the turnarounds in the refinery complex, that timing is always a little bit of a wild card for us but certainly we have reason to be somewhat optimistic that that will be a growth area for us as well. So hopefully that's useful.
William Plummer: David, I think -- I don't -- I can't get too far out on this discussion because honestly I can't get that far ahead of our board but I think we've made a compelling case in the past that 2.5, 3.5 is a good range; we have always said that we're not afraid to go a little above that for the right deal or a little below that depending on where we are in the cycle. So it's not like gets a religiously set number to say 2.5 is the absolute lowest. That said, if it were Bill Plummer's world, 1.8 is too low, right; I believe we selected that 2.5 to 3.5 range because it represents our view of a good balance between efficiency of the capital structure and management of the risk against the cycle, right. Getting much, much below 2.5 starts to become more inefficient and you don't get much in terms of protection against the downturn. So that would be the argument I would make to the board but the board has their perspective on this issue right, and so going through that and discussing it and coming together on a point of view is what the process is that we're going to go through to decide where we end up in terms of the leverage. And it's going to be live and up by the fact that there may be deals that come along or the market strength may indicate that we need to spend more on capital as we go along. So I'd say stay tuned is the way to think about it but certainly we're very pleased to be in a position where we can think about all these things at very large scale.
William Plummer: I think the fair assessment is to say we don't live in Bill Plummer world. So at least not Bill Plummer world alone; so I'd just point you to stay tuned David and we'll talk about it as we develop that thought process.
