William Plummer: Sure Seth, I will start with sizing and Mike, Matt you guys if you want to chime in on words going. The way we look at it we got about $80 million of fleet that have come out of oil and gas branches going into non-oil and gas branches and primarily that $80 million has come out of the branches that more than 20% share of branches that I mentioned earlier. So the issue has been concentrated in those high share oil and gas branches and we responded there with the de-fleeting of about $80 million so far. The challenge of course is putting that fleet on rent usefully elsewhere we think we stepped up to the challenge. It is more of a challenge in the first part of the year than it will be in the second and third quarters in particular just given the relative busyness of those quarters compared to first quarter. So, we are encouraged by our ability to mitigate by moving fleet around as to where it’s going and so that the environment that is facing you guys want to add anything.
William Plummer: Yes, I will start Seth, and the guys will chime in please. I think maybe it would be helpful to come at it from the other direction. How late can we go before we have to make a decision about reducing CapEx if we decide there and the answer is [indiscernible] I mean as we top it for we don't have a lot of – we don't have the cancellation penalties or lot of constraint on our ability to pullback once we placed orders up until the point that shipped we can cancel it for the most part. And so that gives us a tremendous runway to make that call. Certainly we want to see how the second quarter ramps up and get a real solid feel for that before we start making any decisions.
William Plummer: Yes, we do still think that's the reasonable way to think about maximum downside Ted as I said the impact came sooner in the year than what we modeled certainly and then what we expected quite honestly. So but yes, I would still say that $36 million is a reasonable downside scenario. Remember when I said the 88% the $32 million I think I said of impact is our view right now that's excluding some of the mitigation that we have been and will be doing over the course of the year. That $80 million of fleet that I said came out of oil and gas and went into other non-oil and gas branches. We haven't given any benefit for mitigation from that fleet being moved the way it has. So that's why we think that the $36 million is still a reasonable downside for EBITDA impact from oil and gas this year.
William Plummer: We work that explicit when we set the range and therefore set the midpoint on the new guidance Ted, what I would say is that what we feel is that if oil and gas continues where it is now or even deteriorates a little bit more it would have been a part of the reduction in the midpoint of the range but not the entire reduction, right would still certainly have the impact to currency that’s continuing throughout the course of the year. We did have the weather impact and we are going to claw away back from that in the second quarter here that continue to impact the full year, so I don’t know how to categorize it numerically but I say oil and gas was part of it but everything else we experience in the first quarter was part of it.
William Plummer: It is baked into our guidance. We are not characterizing whether it puts us at the low, medium or higher. It’s in our thinking when we set the guidance to start.
William Plummer: So on currency I called out $16 million of revenue impact in rental revenue and about $7 million in EBITDA as we look for the full year of currency stays -- you can use 60 and 30 as the full year impacts for the remainder of 2015 and that is considered in our guidance as well. So that's the currency story. Then I am sorry what was the other part of your question Scott.
William Plummer: Yes, the expectation is for fleet inflation to continue sort of the trend that has been, we are replacing something like 15% of our fleet every year and we continue to experience inflation on new purchases at something like the couple of percent a year so when you aggregate that over the average life what we are replacing we are going to stay in that 2% area for fleet inflation going forward and so if we deliver the above 3% that we are talking about for rental rates we still got a spread. My expectation is that the inflation won't change dramatically and I certainly expect that that will continue to drive rates as hard as we can, so I won't give you a long range forecast, we talked about delivering 3% a year rental rate improvement over the long haul for a long time that’s been our long term view. Oil and gas has made that challenging this year but I don’t see a reason to change that longer term view as we said right here.
William Plummer: Yes, thanks David. So I called out the impact of one particular item bonus accrual difference year-over-year was $6 million in the first quarter, if we continue on the path that we are on that’s going to continue to contribute as we go throughout the rest of the year. In fact the contribution will increase because last year we increased our bonus accrual as the year were on second half we ran very strong versus our plan and so we accrued up to a much higher level for last year’s bonus. This year assuming we stay and deliver the guidance that we have given it’s going to be less and so that $6 million will go up a little bit in future quarter. So that will help and as you know the incremental margin calculation is very sensitive even to reasonably small dollar amount. So, I think that’s one example to Mike’s point we got very intense focus on productivity overall, we realized what was the number 7 million of year-to-date impact of our efficiency our main focus and that set a run rate of $42 million. So, we will continue to drive that run rate higher and the realized about higher as we go forward as well. So that’s going to contribute and help support the incremental margin and then I say that debt expense is always a little bit of wildcard but we think that there could be an opportunity in that debt expense as we drive some process changes internally to focus on how effectively we collect. So, I think those are the things that I point to you that give us some confidence that the 60% flow through margin are flow through that we talk about is very realistic for the year.
William Plummer: It could be, right now if you are looking for a number I’d say something in the neighborhood of just I’m hesitating, I’m going too far here but in the middle to upper 30s it could be.
William Plummer: That's full year. And it could be a little bit more depending on how the year plays out. Again that's – it depends on how the year plays out and how we do versus the target that we set for the year.
William Plummer: Yes. That's what I was trying to call out. The fact that we’ve now experienced the equivalent of $200 million decline for now it’s going to be three quarters assuming it doesn't get any worse or doesn't get any better it will be three quarters of 200 of impact and one quarter at an average of zero to 200 so call it a net affect of $175 million of impact before mitigation and then the math flows through from there to that 88% or $32 million number that I gave earlier. But the mitigation I want to point out, the mitigation is not included in that calculation on the 80 million of fleet that came out of oil and gas and with somewhere else. We would have to do a separate calculation of the mitigation impact of that and that's why I said that I don't believe that there will be a full $32 million impact that we will experience but something less than that. And I try to range it between 18 and 36 and you probably say 18 and 32 as the realistic range. So that's how we are thinking about it this year and obviously it requires us to continue to mitigate pretty aggressively with the fleet that does come out of oil and gas and as I pointed out that's harder to do in the first part of the year in the first quarter that it is when things get busy in second and third quarters so we are encouraged by our ability to mitigate even more effectively as we go forward. Hopefully that answers if not ask again George.
William Plummer: Yes, this is where the range is always make life challenging. I mean what I – I don't want to go further than just the ranges that we have given and the fact that we believe that revenue and EBITDA will fall within the range given the sensitivity of the calculation the combination of those two will get you at least to the -- about 60% flow through that we expect and not going further than that George otherwise we might as well give you the whole forecast right.
William Plummer: Yes, Joe its Bill. It would be below the 29 year-over-year for the full quarter that we achieved in Q1 so I mean you can do the math. It comes to about 2.5% in the second quarter just on the sequential month the way Matt described it and that certainly reflects the strong second quarter that we had last year making for it.
William Plummer: You got it. It will be more challenging in the second quarter and then it gets better in the back half.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Yes Seth, so we are seeing and you can look at the construction growth maps that are in the deck on slide 14 specifically of where the demand is and we are shipping the assets to where the demand is. The good news as Bill said that demand will increase as we get into our -- the seasonal uptake will be in our favor. And as we look at our non-oil and gas branches the encouraging news is that they are acting very similar to how we expect them to act to how they have acted in the past and as we sit here today we are seeing both time and sequential rate in those non-oil and gas branches yet the ramp up that we need to hit our goal so that's where it’s going to go, the end markets and the demand tell us that the opportunities is there and most importantly we have the team and the customers and the footprint to deploy it there.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I will add to that is we are not – we don't need to make that decision and we are not trending towards that decision because as you look at the data, when you take pumps out of the equation even absorbing oil and gas we are ten bips down in the first quarter and that’s improving and when you look at the non-oil and gas branches in Q1 they were actually 40 bips up on a year-over-year basis so if we deliver 3% rate 79% time that's the good reason to spend that 1.7, we do have the flexibility in case anything changes as Bill stated but we feel good about being able to deploy that as well as 18 constructs that we are doing in the full year many of which are opened already. So actually it’s 21, its specialty and 3 general that we have already opened up. So those are all the reasons why we feel like deploying the capital is something that we will be able to do.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would add Ted is and there is a $25 million number on rate so just absorbing that half a point of rate change is part of that.
Michael Kneeland: We gave the -- its hard for us to break it that way because the way in which we do the ARA, it’s a weighted average on the asset class. It’s hard to break it out that way. With regards to the competitive marketplace I just think that typically look we all have a bad winner, we all had the oil and we see that the competitive marketplace will change as the season swings to a more seasonal opportunity. So, we just see being more competitive. I wouldn't take it anything more than that’s a nutshell.
Michael Kneeland: I would say that -- I would quantify it by saying that the non-ONG would be, you would see a normal trend that you would normally see that we have experienced overtime as opposed to what we with the – when you add the ONG in it gives us that full impact.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Joe. I would only add that aside from just rate is not the only thing that we are leaning on, we are also looking at driving efficiencies in our process improvements. We continue to march down that path and so we are looking at ways in which we can become more efficient and driving not only our fleet but also our cost structure around that process.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I don't know that we break it down specifically in those two categories. There is two pages on our deck that parses it out by state. The forecast and industrial growth rate for 2015 is 3.3 and the non-res construction is 6.2. So it gives you a lot of detail by state within those two categories. Beside from that some of the macro things the [eye] index just came out that's another positive by the way that's 11 of the last 12 months that shows a positive trend and it seems to have build particularly in construction and industrial and it was 50.9 in January. It was 51.2 in February and in March its 53 so you continue to see that momentum that's building and that is the future leading indicator and then when you couple that with housing and the conscientious report that I mentioned those are some of the backdrops for some of the leading indicators that we are thinking about.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator and by the way I want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call. I hope we have given you some insights into our current operating conditions and what we expect in the months ahead. Please be sure to download our updated investor presentation and also feel free to reach out to Fred Bradman in our Stanford office anytime for any additional questions that if we can be of assistance or align up any presentations and/or some field site visits. So thank you very much and operator you can end the call now.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I will only add that I think you asked the question where is it going and its actually most of it is staying within the region where it’s coming off rent. We are doing transfers we are also doing sales and redeployment of capital that's an ongoing effort for us and we will continue to do that but I also want to point out one thing if you recall over the last several years we have been very disciplined in the way in which we have given our capital and over the years many of our non-oil and gas regions have been looking for fleet. So this is their opportunity, they are taking it and we are supplying them.
Matt Flannery: Sure Ted, its Matt. So the time utilization in January was 63.7% and February was 63.9% and in March it was 64.9% and when we talk about April we see that gap that March was our biggest gap on the year-over-year perspective we see that gap narrowing and as we sit here today we are very close to and this is all in, this is not just non-oil and gas we are very close to being on top of year-over-year time utilization. More importantly as we look at the OEC on rent bill, we have had a very strong two weeks and this is when we need that bill. April, May and June or Q2 is where the bill has to come and we are expecting to cross over the year-over-year time utilization somewhere in mid May that's our target that's what’s got to happen and then have some sequential improvements from there on a year-over-year basis as well as seasonal increase. So that I don't if I answered your question that's the data that we are sharing today.
Matt Flannery: Sure Nicole, I will take that it’s Matt. So as far as the rate guidance what we are seeing in April is that we’ve gotten back to flat and now we can get our sequential clients that we need that as you pointed out. We usually get into season and you are looking at about six tenths a month May through November and then a small drop in December and something that looks similar to that and the good news is as we look at our history we have done that before. So between the strengthening end market and the fact that we have the tools and the capability of doing it is why we felt comfortable setting that target at 3.
Matt Flannery: Sure Scott. It’s Matt. So as far as the assets that are moving, what you would expect rich forkless, some boom, some light towers, as well as pumps. If you ask me which one are the most challenge to move, until we further build our footprint we have headwind to move in the pumps as fast as we move the other more fungible assets but that was always our game plan when we made the pump acquisition was to grow out that footprint and penetrate other markets as well as chasing our cross sell opportunity. You will see in the slide deck and I think its slide 35 that we have identified $80 million of cross sell opportunity. So we don't only have the strategy and the hope we actually have the opportunity to continue to move some of those pumps out of the oil and gas and into existing customers through cross sell. So stay tuned for what our close rate will be but there is an opportunity out there that we have identified and that we are chasing and that would be the last part of the asset class that we need to move more aggressively it would be the pumps. 
Matt Flannery: So if you do the math you will see that you don't cross the 3 – you don't get the three threshold until the second half of the year. So we understand that. We understand that the headwind that we got in Q1 compounds and has the carryover effect to our Q2 results when you look at the year-over-year and that's within our modeling and where we are expecting so you are talking towards the end of the third quarter and then moving on from there.
