Matt Flannery: Yes, sure. So we – it’s still a tight market. I’m hoping it will be a little better as far as delivery slots than we got last year. But we don’t expect the supply chain to be fully back to normal this year, maybe to the back half, but to be fair, I thought maybe the back half of last year would have and we still saw slippage. There are some niche products that are being quoted out to 2024. Now that’s the exception, not the rule. But I think that that kind of underlies another year of some supply chain challenges. And we’re mitigating that by, as you saw, we brought in some fleet in Q4, and you’ll probably see us do a little bit more in Q1 than usual to make sure we’re ready for the build season. And then from there, we’ll adjust according to demand appropriately. So, I think there will still be a little bit of a challenge. I think our vendors work hard, David, to get us a fleet they did in 2022, and we think they’ll work hard to get this number. I’m not seeing a remedy to the supply chain challenges. 
Matt Flannery: That’s our expectation as we sit here today, David. What I really wanted to refer to is you’ll prop because it’s the one that we feel pretty sure of is that you’ll probably see us do more about 20% of our capital spend here in Q1 as opposed to maybe in a standard year, it would be 12% to 15%. And that pull forward is really just to get ready for the spring season, and making sure specifically in these high time categories that have been the most challenged in the supply chain that we’re ready to respond to the customers. Is that really what I was referring to as far as the cadence for the rest of the year, Q2 and Q3 really will depend on how fast we’re absorbing the fleet that we brought in as well as how well we’re doing with the Ahern’s fleet. So, we’ll adjust as we had the past three years accordingly. 
Matt Flannery: Yes, it absolutely David. And that is because we see the underlying demand, and we’ve talked a lot, right, in the last quarter as well about the mega projects. So they’ll require a lot of this high time utilization assets. Additionally, we’ll also get more to a more normal cadence of used sales than we have. We held back, and we hope we don’t have through this year. We’re planning on selling about 35% more use sales to get back to a normal fleet rotation. So that some of that capital will be to make sure that we have the ability to sell, and we don’t have the team losing confidence in their ability to rotate fleet out so that we can still meet demand. 
Matt Flannery: I think that’s – first of all, this is an output, right? So, we’re going to manage the heck out of rate and time even though we don’t report it out individually. And I’m very pleased that the whole industry is doing that, and we see the discipline shown in the industry from that perspective. But I think the way you characterize it is fair, we were pleased with our Q4 fleet productivity. It was what we expected. And just for clarity for those that may not have picked it up, the 5.9% as reported when you take out Ahern, that would be 6.5%. So that’s about three weeks of Ahern built into the fourth quarter. So, we will report next year fleet productivity on as reported and on a pro forma basis, so you could see that impact. And what we’ll really be focused on is making sure we take the entirety of the fleet and drive more value out of it. And any time this number exceeds our threshold we expect to comfortably do next year will – that’s a net gain. And we’ll be measuring that on a pro forma basis for you see what we’re doing with the Ahern fleet against their baseline as well. 
Matt Flannery: Yes. We’ll stay away from quarterly cadence, but obviously, it gets held by our pulp that we expect to need more fleet come the spring build up. We’re not – Q1 is always going to be the slowest quarter seasonally, but we see strong demand here today, and we expect that to continue to ramp up from big projects. And then once you really get to the peak season, once you get past May, June and even all the local market stuff starts popping.  So when you hear about this pull forward, we don’t feel the fleet that we would normally have had ready is going to be enough when we get to the real build season in April. And that’s really more what that pretends to be in Q1, isn’t really the focus, the focus in is, are we going to be ready for the build, all these projects that are scratching dirt or coming out of the ground that we’re going to need, we’re going to need to mobilize fleet for in the spring. 
Matt Flannery: Yes. Steve, that one is harder to speak to just because of the way we integrate acquisitions, especially in gen rent, and that’s why it’s easier to frame as a function of pro forma. So I think you hit the nail on the head, certainly as reported, flow-through would look like 48 – or excuse me, as reported looks like 48% pro forma 55%, but it’s hard to kind of discretely break apart the businesses. The one thing I would note, just to remind people of, we do think we’ll achieve about $30 million of the cost savings out of the $40 million we talked about. So we can certainly share that. Yes, in 2023, we’ll hold $40 million, but we only get about $30 million of it in 2023 as to our expectations. 
Matt Flannery: We are, yes. I mean if you really go through all the verticals with the exception of midstream, which throughout the years, you’ve been the only vertical down for us, everything is up and even though the rate of change across those verticals has been negligible. I mean, it’s really been very consistent across the year.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So, we feel good about the end market including pricing. We’ll fall off the historic eyes that we’ve set over the last two years, maybe a little bit, but we’ll find out. And I think one of the things we’re going see is that the increase of replacement capital costs could definitely have a halo effect on used pricing. But when we think about what channels we’re going to open up is what we were talking about, we’ve been strictly or 90% retail all the way in the first three quarters of 2022. And then you saw we lose it up a little bit to get – to do some more volume in Q4. And that wasn’t because there weren’t options; it was to retain fleet to rent. Because we – the supply chain just wasn’t getting fleet to us fast enough for our customers. We’re hoping our expectation is that we can go back to a more normalized channel mix in 2023, and that’s what’s embedded in our guidance. So, we’ll open up the broker chain. We’ll do some trades. We probably won’t do much auction unless you have something that’s really in this repair. We’re not really a big auction player. But just opening up that channel mix over and above the retail, and that will allow us to rotate out about $2 billion worth of hopefully.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think there are a couple of things there, Seth. I mean certainly, growth has been good, so that’s helped drive fixed cost absorption. But beyond that, you had really good cost control in the quarter. And you also had some beneficial mix both within the specialty segments and on a project basis that benefited that flow through.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. On the fleet productivity, we still feel that the environment is going to be very constructive to drive positive fleet productivity. But you pointed out, the reality of our time may have been running so hot, but at some point, you have to look at it, are we running the appropriate level of time? Can we continue to raise it? Or does it become a bit of a headwind.  With that being said, even if time becomes a headwind just because we’re running so hot in some key categories, and we need to make sure we have availability for our customers. We still have ample opportunity to drive positive fleet productivity. And we think the end market is constructive for that. We’ll feel comfortable that both in as reported and pro forma basis will exceed our hurdle rate that we talk about that 1.5% even if that goes up to 2%. So, we feel good about it. And Ted, you can take the EBITDA question.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I don’t know if we’re ready to quantify it. But certainly, we’ve got that built into our guidance and built into our operating plan. We always talked about the importance of supporting our employees and taking care of them, and that’s an important aspect of doing just that. So there is absolutely a merit increase built into this guidance. But in terms of quantifying it, it’s not something I think we’re prepared to do.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Well, number one, this would be more across the board, and we feel comfortable, I talk about it in used pricing as replacement CapEx gets increased. That’s kind of an umbrella on the used pricing, residuals, which is a positive. And I think to your point about the whole industry having absorbed some inflation has been – has bolstered the discipline that we’ve been seeing. But to be fair, we saw it even before the price increases, and I think this is just the maturity of the industry. You’ve heard us talking about the bigs – getting bigger and just more sophistication and information in the industry. I think all those are helping and certainly increased OEM pricing makes that even more important. And so I think your point is well taken. It will probably bolster some of the behavior in the industry.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So one of the biggest differences is the information that access – everybody has access to, right, whether it’s the route data, whether it’s now that over a third of the industry is covered by top three public companies, right? These type information gives everybody more understanding and visibility of the important metrics to focus on and the opportunities that exist in the industry. So – and the scale – so specifically for us, and let’s say, our next largest competitor, scale allows us to get through things in a different way. And so I don’t really wouldn’t draw a comparison. I think the industry changed significantly in my 32 years, but even in the last 10, we do things differently, and I’m sure some of our peers do. And I think you’re seeing that manifest in better performance overall for the customer and for the shareholder.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Michael, the type of projects vary so much that would be pretty hard to do. I mean outside if you’re thinking about towers, right, large towers, office building, which may be more limited in what type of fleet you would rent on it. All these projects have different needs. And the great thing about our product line is whether it’s early when they’re scratching dirt, whether he needs trench places from creating the infrastructure to then creating the structure to then finishing off the building. We’ve got the opportunity to cross-sell into all those needs. But as far as the volume needs, we do attribute models, they’re really hard to be predictive. I wouldn’t really say that it’s something that you can rely on. I think the speed and the time to do the project and the sensitivity probably drives more variation of how much men, material and fleet they’re going to put on there, right? And it seems like nowadays everything is a fast-track project. That used to be a term 10 years ago, that meant they were going to do something quicker now it’s every project is fast-track. So, I think that has implications of driving more rental than anything else.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I mean, you see what’s embedded in our guidance on as reported basis, right? And within that range would be a different number anywhere. I won’t even say the number. You could do the work. But I think really the most important thing is that the environment’s good for us to continue to drive positive fleet productivity, even if time utilization doesn’t go up. And that’s really what matters. That’s the important part of it. And we will report this on a pro forma basis.  They’ll be a little bit as reported drag from the 800 – bringing in the 800 fleet, but we’ll report that out and that’ll be a couple of points differentiation there, even between as reported and pro forma is what our expectation is. So, we’ll – it’s an output that we really don’t want to try to predict. But what our expectations are for [indiscernible] are all embedded within our guidance.
Matt Flannery: Yes. It’s bit pretty consistent in terms of that progression. Hold on, I’m just turning something quickly, Mike. Give me one sec. So certainly continue to see strong momentum in upstream. I mentioned midstream has been kind of the one sector that has been a headwind for us this year. They’re – it’s relatively small, call it 2% of our total mix and downstream has been pretty steady as well. Chemical processing would be the same. So if we look at the business, it’s consistently been about 13% of our total business across the year.
Matt Flannery: I don’t really have it broken out that way. We really look, frankly when we’re planning, but more by region versus the verticals and then we track the verticals as we assign capital after the fact. So I actually don’t have that number for you, Ken. We can do a little work and get back to you on that. But just generally, right, without trying to get too pegged on numbers that I haven’t vetted. Generally, it’s – we view infrastructure as something that’s accelerating, right? We view that we’re seeing the beginnings of it – of the spend, and we think that’ll accelerate through 2023 and beyond into multi years. As far as the manufacturing, someone mentioned earlier, there’s some big plants going on right now that have a lot of fleet on rent as we speak. But there’s also some projects coming out of the ground that we think are multi-year mega projects. I don’t really know how to lay those against each other. But I’d say overall the mega projects work will certainly outpace infrastructure work in totality. But the acceleration infrastructure will continue throughout the year.
Matt Flannery: Yes, Ken. So outside of anything that has a significant overlap with Ahern, right? So in those markets where they’re integrating the teams together, right, getting the sales reps together, that’s a lot of work on the ground. So we’re going to pause for a little bit on anything that would have a large overlap. But if we have opportunities and we continue to work the pipeline as we have for the past couple years that don’t have a big overlap and we have capacity in the field. We’re absolutely if they clear that final hurdle of the finance – makes financial sense. We have the dry powder, we have the capability and we certainly would consider M&A that whether it be a tuck-in gen rent deal in a market that Ahern wasn’t in or a specialty product line where they’re not dealing with any integration issues right now. So, our integration work rather than issues. So I would say absolutely we would. And just to touch on the capital allocation, one of the reasons why it was the right time for us to do a dividend now is because this is not at the expense of growth. When you look at the past two years and the kind of growth we drove, including significant M&A, we still have the capacity and free cash flow to give a dividend. So we had asked that question by someone earlier, are you given a dividend because of less growth prospects? No, quite contrary, it’s because even after supporting growth, we have excess cash to return and that’s push points to the resiliency of our strong free cash flow through the cycle.
Matt Flannery: Well, certainly yes, because that’s what our guidance implies. I think you’d have to think that that 4% number would be locked in as well. So, I don’t know what the coming out number for ARA was last year, but I know they raised it throughout the year. But we don’t focus on that as a barometer limiting ourself. We focus on what we see in front of us, what we do during our planning process and what we hear from our customers as well as our people in the field. But implied in this guide is 3x.  And we do think we could do that. I think, I’ve talked about this before, how the top end of the business, the biggest getting bigger is a trend that we think is going to continue. And we think scale gives you some opportunities and options as well as adding additional product lines and cross selling that are – gives better service to the customers and gives you an opportunity to grow faster than the industry. And I think we’ll see that continue.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. And that wraps it up for today. And I want to say thank you to everyone for joining us as we kick off another year of growth for our shareholders. And we look forward to reporting a strong quarter for you in April. Until then, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted. Have a great day. Operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Ted Grace: David, this is Ted. I’ll take that one. There’s no change to that longer-term framework we’ve provided of two times to three times being that optimal level. We’d always said there was nothing religious about the low end. And so living there for some amount of time to us is something that is consistent with what we’ve articulated. The idea really would be the kind of stockpile dry powder for potential growth opportunities. If we were to kind of decide to live in a different ZIP code entirely, we would certainly update – the Street. But certainly for the immediate future, we’re comfortable at these levels. 
Ted Grace: Yes. No. I mean we really have not seen anything along those lines, Rob. Probably the one area where maybe we’ve seen some delays just as we’ve talked about it, has been more in the alternative power side, and I think there’s been some stuff written about this publicly. Solar has had some supply chain issues. And within wind, we’ve seen a couple of permitting issues. All that said, our Power business in the quarter was up about 9%. And for the year, we’re up about 10%. So while we’re seeing kind of reports that you’re seeing delays on project starts. That business for us has continued to be very robust. And just for clarity on the broadness that we’ve been talking about, right, in just the mega projects, the mega projects are really the kicker, while you hear us this strong tone and guidance that we’re coming out with, but we have seen this breadth growth throughout all geographies. So it’s not mega project reliant, but they’re kind of a kicker that maybe could offset if the commercial retail is going to drop or you think office space is going to drop. So we really feel that the balance is appropriate for this type of guide and the bullishness – you here in October.
Ted Grace: Yes. So Tim, just in the absolute, we would look for cash taxes in 2023 to be about $565 million. That’s an increase roughly of about $240 million. Cash interest at about $600 million, which would be an increase of $195 million or so. And so when you bridge kind of that $1.1 billion increase in EBITDA against a roughly $460 million increase in free cash flow, really that the delta is going to be the change in working capital.
Ted Grace: Yes. In terms of the inflation that’s built into our expectations, certainly probably elevated versus historical levels, probably not as significant as what we saw in 2022. And yet, we’ve been able to manage it very effectively, right? So if you look at that flow through last year, as an example, when you back out use across the full year, flow-through would have been 56%, 57%. So clearly indicative of our ability to manage that inflation very effectively. And when you think about what we’re pointing towards in 2023, a similar level of flow-through on that pro forma basis. So – it’s not to say that we’re in a benign cost environment. There’s still elements of inflation that we’re managing and all companies are managing, but we feel very comfortable in our ability to manage it effectively. In terms of pickup and delivery, that’s an area where, frankly, we’re not trying to make money. So as you see, the price of diesel, as an example, ebb and flow, the impact on our margins is relatively de minimis. So it’s something the team has done a great job managing through in 2022 when obviously, diesel prices were a substantial headwind to companies. But if you think about that dynamic in 2023, I don’t think it will be very appreciable.
Ted Grace: Yes, Ken, I’ll take that one. As Matt mentioned, when we do our forecasting, it’s really built by the branches up to districts, regions, divisions, and corporate ultimately. So it’s really kind of set by the field. We don’t look at it kind of top down looking by vertical. So as I mentioned, our industrial business has held in very well. We’re not seeing any signs of cracks, and I know people have looked at whether it’s the PMI or other metrics and it’s raise concerns. We’re not seeing signs of those. And as Matt mentioned in his prepared remarks, we also see a lot of these industrial projects kicking off this year. We’ve talked about autos and related stuff. We’ve talked about semis, but frankly, it’s even broader than that. And so if there’s an offset from this – if there is a headwind on the MRO side, I think we’re very confident you’ll see within industrial kind of offsets on the construction side. But just to answer the question pointedly, we don’t forecast our business based on these industrial verticals.
Ted Grace: Yes, so I’ll touch the first part of the question. I’ll start there. In terms of the mix between daily, weekly, monthly, which is really the way we would look at this. We don’t kind of measure contract duration and maybe the way you’re asking Scott, but those numbers have not moved meaningfully. You’ve seen a very modest shift between daily and monthly to the point of – to the tune of about a point. So, we’d be kind of mid-single digits on a daily and we’d be about 80% on monthly. And those numbers have been remarkably consistent for a long time and it really hasn’t been an appreciable change in terms of 2022 versus 2021 or prior years. In terms of the margin impact, certainly what we’re always trying to do is be mindful of getting more of your volume and serve you more efficiently. And so certainly, I don’t know that there’s a huge change there, but we do have that benefit as we do get larger projects that last longer and we get more fleet on this projects, we’re able to serve that customer more efficiently. And that certainly benefits margins to some degree and importantly returns.
Ted Grace: Yes, absolutely. Don’t want to get ahead of the Board, but absolutely, we have the intention of growing the dividend over time. In terms of what that relative growth looks like relative to net income because you’re asking about a payout ratio. I don’t know that we’d get locked in there just yet, but absolutely the intent is to continue to grow the dividend over time. It’s fully our expectation.  We’ll continue to grow the company over time. We’ll continue to expand margins. We’ll continue to generate more cash. And so one of the things that dividend allows us to do is have another tool to return that excess cash to investors as we keep growing. So yes, I think it’s very fair to assume that we will grow the dividend over time and in terms of what that rate looks like, stay tuned.
