Matthew Flannery: Sure, Tim. So as far as the scale of it, we'll work on is there some way that we can put a numerical value to it. But I could tell you in my 33 years of business, we have never seen this amount of mega projects. And specifically, in the infrastructure and commercial space on the books. The manufacturing is an added bonus that we really didn't expect to see where there's over $250 billion of funds already activated. So this is very tangible to us.  But when I think about our positioning there, as you can imagine, we've been focused on national accounts for many, many years. It's a big part of our strategy. And these are the folks that are going to get the large share of this work. That, alongside with our broader set of services, we think positions us very well in this space. So we certainly expect to outpunch our weight of our overall industry market share with these customers and with these projects.  And this is just another example of us thinking and believing strongly that the bigs will continue to get bigger and taking share. So that's the way I would think about it right now. I don't know if you have any other thoughts.
Matthew Flannery: Steve, this is Matt. So let me put this in context, this increase. We had orders similar to last year that because of some of the supply chain challenges, and you can imagine they would happen in more higher demand categories, right, where the OEMs are doing their best to keep up, but there's a lot of demand for these assets. They slipped all the way towards the end of the year here.  As we got to mid-October, we had a decision to make. Do we let this CapEx flow and, therefore, raise our guidance or do we cancel it and hope that we can get these high-demand assets in the spring? We made the decision to let this flow and for 2 reasons. Number one, the surety of supply because these are assets that have slipped quite a bit. And then secondly, we'll get these to 2022 pricing instead of '23 pricing.  We had some questions if people ask, wow, you're able to raise your CapEx, the supply chain must have really loosened up. It's actually quite the opposite. Because the supply chain is tight, we let these orders that have been delayed so long in the year flow through because we really would rather get ahead of the curve here, and we do see 2023 as a growth year. So the selectiveness wasn't really our choice, it was as much because those are the assets that slipped as much as they did because of the high demand. Hopefully, that straightened that out for you, Steve.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Steve, I'll double check those numbers, but I think the goal is 40 to 45 for the full year. I don't know if that's driving some confusion. But in terms of the pace at which we're opening cold starts in specialty, we're on track.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. And as we think about the GFN business and the teams that came with that, we had a thesis, if you recall, we announced the deal that we can double this business in the next 5 years. And I could say that we're ahead of schedule on that. We're really getting robust growth out of this group. We're very, very pleased, not just with the team, but with the cross-sell opportunities, it's really -- our customer base has absorbed this like a dry spun. So it's really been working well for us and even ahead of the lofty plans that we had for it.  And as far as other products in that category, you could just imagine like we did back in the day with pumps and like we did with tanks, any time we see something that's on a site, whether that be a plant or whether it be a project that our customers are running that we don't supply, we're looking for opportunities to add to the portfolio. And this was one that we looked at for quite a few years so we finally found the right partner.  So the tricky part for us is we're a believer that doing this through M&A and buying a big enough platform to make the offering broadly is really important to our national solution strategy towards our customers. So we'll continue to be on the lookout for it, Jerry. And hopefully, we'll find some other great opportunities like we did here with the GFN team.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And I would agree. And the nice thing is when you do that in-sourcing, utilizing our own labor, you're getting your highest cost out of there. So it worked really well in COVID and Ted explained it well. Something that we would definitely wasn't learning from COVID, but both sides of it. The reason we kept that capacity was for the ramp-up and it really gave us a great opportunity to move forward on the other side of whatever kind of cycle you deal.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, David. So to your point, we'll have some natural carryover fleet growth and then add whatever number once we get through our planning process that we'll communicate in January, how much fleet we put on top of that for growth CapEx versus maintenance capital and then think about the carryover we'll have in fleet productivity. Although we don't expect this productivity stay in these very frothy double-digit ranges, mostly due to comps. When we think about that, we'll have some continued fleet productivity well above our hurdle rate.  So we really think that, remember, that's a year-over-year metric. So any time your fleet productivity is over that 1.5% hurdle rate, you're growing the business faster, you're growing revenues faster than you're growing your fleet, which is going to have accretive value to the margins and flow-through. And we foresee both of those continuing to happen. The level -- the wildcard will be how much. And that's what we're working through in the planning process and along with our partners to see what the capital situation could be and all will be meeting the demand environment and be very flexible. But we do see '23 as a growth to your point because some of the natural carryovers that we're bringing into the year.
Matthew Flannery: So if I think about the last few years, not just this year and the discipline that's been in the industry, we're all having cost of goods increase. So -- and our customers are too. So they understand that. So there's a real focus on everybody understanding that we have to keep it balanced with that inflation from a rate perspective. And we're going to continue to do our part in that as a leader, and I'm very pleased to see that the industry is doing the same. So we would expect that. How much, we'll see, but we do expect the environment for 2023 to continue to be conducive to driving specifically that component of fleet productivity.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So 2 points to that. As far as a governor on growth, would you see it as a net of where we end up in CapEx planning? Absolutely. And we'll flex that as always, with demand. What this really does is let us not have to worry about how quick the supply-and-demand pipeline meet each other by getting a little bit of a headstart on these assets that were tougher to get this year. So that's number one.  So there will be some netting effect once we finish our planning process. But because we'll have it in hand already, hopefully, it will almost be part of the planning process. So we'll give that new number to everybody. As far as the used sales, we would as long as the supply/demand can be an appropriate level as opposed to a little almost 2 in balance this year, and we had to hold on to fleet because we frankly couldn't sell because it was on rent.  We hope to get to more normalized fleet rotation next year. And the kind of used sales that you would have seen pre-COVID and we hope to get that kind of cadence in new sales. And first -- fourth quarter and first quarter usually are the heaviest months and we'd expect that to continue on as we sit here today.
Matthew Flannery: Well, I think everybody across the board has an opportunity to grow. And I think most strong solid companies that have the financial wherewithal to do that are doing that. As you can imagine, the OEMs are going to sell out their inventory anyway. So they're probably being pretty disciplined by who they sell to. With that being said, I don't want to paint or homogenize the whole independent group, but some are better capitalized than others and those that aren't well capitalized, I've got to imagine the inflationary environment is going to be a challenge for them. For us, and specifically the nationals, this is one of the reasons why we think this environment will continue to drive the bigs getting bigger, so to speak, and put a value on scale to continue to be able to overcome whatever challenges the economy has for you.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. When you think about large projects, right, whether -- wherever you draw the line of mega, but really any kind of project of scale is going to need multiple products. This is one of the reasons why we think the very broad offering is important because one of the things that people don't necessarily think about is the security and safety of a site is very important to construction managers. They're held responsible and held accountable to that security and safety.  And obviously, if you don't have 20 different suppliers running around supporting a project, you have a little bit more consistency. I also think we feel like we lead strongly with safety. But I think this is an area where the larger companies that can invest in tools, invest and have a focus culturally on safety are at a competitive advantage. As far as what share is, it's going to depend on each project, but you can imagine that the players that can serve most of the needs are the ones that are going to be in the best position.  And I wouldn't want to get into market share on that because it varies by project. There's very few sole-sourced projects as opposed to plant work, where you may have a sole source contract that you bid for. So there'll be multiple people on a project and the ones that do a better job are going get a better share once they approve it to the customer.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Rob. Thanks for the opportunity to mention. The visibility that we can give them through our connected assets. So we have over 250,000 assets that have telematics on it. That in itself is a big investment that reaps rewards for us and for our customers so that we can give them real-time data, whether that's location, utilization, fuel alerts, there's a lot of stuff that's unique to that investment.  And think about a large complex project, that visibility that the people are in charge of leading that project really gives them help in running a more efficient process. And bringing more money to the bottom line, which is their job, right, running the job at the appropriate cost levels and productivity. So rental has always been about driving safety and productivity. And I would say the connected job site and the data that we can bring to it through our tools, just up the ante on driving better productivity.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Kenneth, good question. Simply, it's trying to remarkably in line. There really hasn't been any deviation in our customer optimism looking forward. And as a reminder to everybody else, that's something we do as part of our Net Promoter Scores, and we ask them on a forward 12-month basis how they feel about their revenue prospects.  And I guess the other thing I would add is very -- sorry, also very consistent with the feedback we get from the field. So we're constantly making sure that those 2 data points, if you will, do align. And the good news is they continue to align.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Certainly, when the market is running as high as it has this year and you have the supply-demand dynamic we had, I got to imagine that peak season, everyone's missing a little bit of business. And it's part of it. Customers learn to plan better. Part of it, customers didn't turn in fleet as quickly. Some even moved a job to job. So with our key accounts and the people that we're strategically aligned with and focused on, we got through it all.  But on the outside of that, the transactional business, we absolutely going to put more fleet to work. We had to stay very focused on prioritizing our key accounts and making sure we took care of our key relationships and supported them in a manner they expect United Rentals. So we should certainly lost some hard to quantify, but net-net, we're very pleased with the 20% growth. So I won't get too far out there on that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, too early to get into the details about the headwinds or the tailwinds I should say, from prospectively incentive comp reset. But certainly, you can hear our tone on growth, and we certainly expect to leverage the nature of SG&A again in 2023. That will obviously be embedded within our guidance we give, which is EBITDA, as you know, so it's kind of below the line, if you will. But suffice to say, we would look to get another year of healthy leverage on those costs.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We're very proud to deliver such strong profitable growth in our busiest season. But now we got to look forward. We're deep into the planning process for '23. So stay tuned for our new guidance on the January call. And until then, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Ted any time, and it will be very helpful. So with that, operator, please end the call.
William Grace: Yes, Tim, thanks for the question. Certainly, something we talk about frequently both as a management team and with the Board. And I guess if you rewind back to 2019, when we introduced the new balance sheet strategy, obviously, a key rationale was to ensure we had financial strength across the cycle. And where we sit today at 1.9x, as you heard us talk about in the call, we absolutely feel very well positioned from that standpoint.  It gives us a lot of freedom and flexibility to run the business as we see fit. We also said there was nothing religious about that low end of 2x that we were comfortable going below to some degree. So again, kind of stockpile firepower, if you will. I think if we were to decide to live structurally in a lower ZIP code, choose the number you want, 1.5 to 2.5 as an example. At that point, I think we'd absolutely feel obligated to just update the Street. But for the time being, we feel like this range and the flexibility we have around it remain appropriate.
William Grace: Yes. If there's anything that would hold it up, it'd probably be more getting the right facilities and people really than fleet in those sectors, specifically at specialty.
William Grace: Jerry, I'll take that one. As you're right, we do a lot of scenario analysis and COVID certainly had its unique dynamics. I think more than anything, it highlighted the flexibility of the business both on a CapEx and an OpEx standpoint. And you asked about margins. So within OpEx, what you see is a lot of the businesses is -- a lot of the costs, I should say, the cash cost that are really highly correlated to volume. And what that allows us to do is flex pretty rapidly and protect kind of those semi-variable costs that are labor.  That's always going to be the goal in any kind of downside scenarios to take care of our people and retain that capacity, which is the hardest thing to replace if we ever had to. So that would be the play we'd run in virtually any scenario. And obviously, you look at different scenarios with different severity and different durations. But the playbook itself is very consistent across all that kind of modeling.
