Rob Wertheimer: So my question is on rental gross margin. And I think Ted mentioned that you still have some cleanup, I guess, activity on the [indiscernible] fleet, which may be depressing gross margin. I think you have extra depreciation, but it seemed a little sequentially weaker than 2Q, and I'm just wondering if there's any other driver or if it was incremental activity related to Ahern that drove that. And I guess Ahern probably didn't have specialty. So I wonder if you could address the s three gross margin as well. Thank you.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. That answers that if I'm allowed. You guys have some experience with megaprojects by now and I know there's a lot of different kinds of megaprojects running from LNG to airport to semiconductors to whatever. But there's a lot of just questions if commercial or office or whatever construction declines and megas rise, do you have a sense if on a dollar for dollar basis you lose a dollar in one, you gain a dollar in the other? If that's materially different on mix and I'll stop there. Materially different.
Rob Wertheimer: How does that shift out for you? Thank you. Thanks Rob. Take that. So we're probably thinking more about if you're thinking about what that larger customer, larger project, longer duration rental does from a mixed perspective there's a bigger variance if you're thinking about just transactional business. So certainly our largest customers get a little bit leverage out of their spend with us than Joe the plumber walking in the store. So that's where the biggest gap is. But one of the reasons why we built a go to market to make sure we specifically cater to these large customers, large projects and large plants is because when you could put those big block of revenues to work at one site you could serve them much more efficiently. So on the top line there may be some variance certainly between your transactional business in the top line rate that you charge but margin wise, we historically don't see much of a difference because of that lower cost serve and that's why we've built this go to market to cater to those projects. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, so if we look at that gen rental gross margin, I'd say in line with our expectations. While you did see the as reported margin down 320 basis points versus 270 last quarter, pretty minor. When you convert that into dollars you'd be talking about just that 50 basis points being equivalent to about $12 million of cost on a revenue base of about 2.3 billion. There's always puts and takes within cost structures As everybody knows depreciation was part of that. So if you think about that 50 basis points, the incremental depreciation we recognized in the quarter as we go through final purchase accounting on ahern was probably 30 of those basis points would have been captured in that and otherwise you always have one time costs or other cost dynamics that may be hitting you. We don't think there's really much to be made of it. The question is a very fair one to ask in the scheme of things. Given the numbers I just walked through, I think it's pretty we would characterize that more as quarter on quarter noise within specialty. You saw flat margins I guess year on year off record at 52.2%. So very strong performance there. There really wasn't much to call out. We did have some mix shifts within the different pieces of specialty that would have been relative headwinds. But again, if we can grow a business at 16% and generate 52% margins we feel really good about that.
Matthew Flannery: On what? Rob? On mix. On mix. So if you lose a mix so you lose a dollar of office construction, you lose a certain amount of revenue, you gain a dollar of mega construction, you gain a certain amount of revenue.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Steve. I would call the handful, I think it's less than a handful somewhere four or five projects that have hit the headlines are really not relevant to the whole pipeline that we're tracking. And to be fair, I'd say the same about new ones coming on. We do find out about new things coming on all the time, but the basis is pretty robust and pretty well known quantity and we've been tracking that and that number remains strong at a steady level. When we think about the other thing about these handful of projects, none of them are macroeconomic related. Right. There are some delays that you'd call political, maybe that there was a Chinese partner that one of the plants was dealing with that got some noise about, others are permitting. There was a job in South Carolina that got delayed because some environmental potential issues that they have to work through. So we're not seeing things that are slowed down because there's economic issues. It's really more just individual issues that are coming up for each of these projects. So not anything that we're concerned about. There's still a robust pipeline of jobs, many of which we have fleet on today and many of which we know are coming out of the ground in 2024.
Matthew Flannery: I would call it more well scrambled at this point other than some of the cleanup we're doing and certainly will be by year end when we lap the anniversary. As far as the synergies, we did a good job. We'll meet the synergies that we had guided towards and that we had targeted by year end. We're pretty close to done with them now, so we're in good shape there and it'll be nice to have a little bit cleaner view to share with you all. No more pro forma as reported. I know it's been confusing on some of the metrics specifically and all that will be cleaned up by year end.
Matthew Flannery: So usually we say as far so is there a differentiation? Right. So the asset attributes, which would be more the fleet productivity will get there next year, right? Somewhere around. But you have to remember it would be a like for like asset. They didn't have specialty, they didn't have some of the higher dollar UT items. But when you think about their assets that we bought from them, by next year we expect them to look the performance to look like the assets that we own in that category. Now, when you think about margin, to get all of our processes implemented in their stores, it usually takes a little longer. Now you're talking somewhere between 18 months, two years, depending on how fast we move. So there'll be a little bit of drag still on the operations of those stores as they implement all the new activity, the new tools. But from the fleet productivity, it should be mostly realized by next year.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, we have always been consistent in telling people, don't anchor to midpoint. And it's not to kind of give a winker or nod which direction you should be thinking. But we've given that range, that's kind of where we feel comfortable indicating fourth quarter, but beyond that, we don't give quarterly guidance, as you know.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Tim. So, first off, that'll always be our goal to outpace inflation. And we think we will. We feel confident we'll have positive fleet productivity, and frankly, we need to outpace that inflation. Right. The whole point of fleet productivity was to make sure that we generate revenue growth higher than the fleet growth. And that fleet growth, some of it's inflation. So you got to exceed it. As far as the point and a half bogey that we put out there a couple of years ago, in reality, it's a little bit higher today, where that extra inflation gets captured in mix, which gets captured in the fleet productivity report. So whether we change that bogey to higher, if we make that two, two and a half percent and then we add it back in and the fleet productivity looks better, it's really just right pocket, left pocket. We're keeping it at one and a half for now, just for simplicity's sake of keeping it consistent. But we still absorb that extra inflation and that comes in as negative mix. So you guys still see the whole picture, and we'll probably continue to do that going forward. And we've talked about a little bit internally and we think it's easier to keep the metric consistent and we do expect to exceed that inflation even with the extra mix headwind.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Tim. Well, it's certainly gotten better, right? So supply chain certainly gotten better and I think you're seeing, I think you'll see most of the industry run more normalized time utilizations. You've seen that this year. And that's a good thing, right? Because you can run the business more efficiently and frankly be more reliable partner to your customers. But I think the next big leg of growth from the OEMs still going to be replacement. I don't think that as OEMs grow their volume, this is going to be all this extra fleet in the system. There's still a lot of replacement CapEx that needs to be served and especially in some of the areas that's been dragging. So I think that'll be more the characteristic of the next year or two. We're getting ahead of the curve. You see how much we're trying to focus on the used sales to get that fleet age right. So we feel good about where we are, but we're still going to have a lot of replacement CapEx next year just like the rest of the industry.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Neil, thanks for giving me the chance to clarify. Our cost synergies will be realized. You are absolutely right. Our revenue synergies will take longer. So I'm so knowledgeable of that that I heard it as cost, even if it wasn't asked that way. So thanks for that clarity. But the cross selling is going well. We're on schedule, and that usually takes a couple of years to fully bake, and we're on track for that. I think the customer base and the sales teams that come with that are very pleased to have a full portfolio to sell, so that's working well. And then as far as the used proceeds, yeah, I mean, certainly we've talked about these dynamics for a while now, and as the supply chain normalizes, the expectation would be that that incremental buyer who couldn't buy new and was left to only buy used fades. And so on a relative basis, you see not as much demand versus supply. Now that's something we've talked about and expected. And in 24, that likely is going to be a dynamic that people should be looking for. On the other hand, you're still going to have fleet inflation. And Matt alluded to kind of the cumulative 20% that's for us, in a very good position. I would say fleet inflation more broadly is higher, and ultimately that provides an umbrella for used pricing. So these are kind of cross currents that we'll be balancing next year. We certainly would expect to have recovery rates well above historical levels. 22 set an unsustainable bar. I think everybody understood that there was some temporary benefit there that led to us getting $0.74 On the dollar, if I'm not mistaken, selling eight year old equipment. That's not normal, and that's not something anybody ever expected to be sustained. You're seeing a normalization this year with that channel mix. Next year I think you'll see us kind of normalize again. So ultimately those recovery rates, they won't be at 22 levels, but they won't be back to those kind of pre 20 levels either. And then the other part about fleet age, Neil, it won't be tremendously different. We just got back to more normalized fleet age. We've always had plenty of eight year old equipment to sell, so we don't think that that seven to eight year old average range that we've been hitting will be changing that much. Okay, that's really helpful.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you. Neil, do you have a third question? I thought you said you had three. I don't know if two were based within you.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, generally, yes. But I think you're talking about mostly the larger companies that are going to be supplying these jobs. And we'll all mobilize the fleet to get there to take care of the customers, but generally it will tighten up in the surrounding areas. And then the other part of a lot of these plants, especially the ones that are built in more rural markets, is you'll have infrastructure built around them, whether that be feeder plants, whether that be residential, and then the retail and the schools that go with it. So these are big boons for these markets overall that we certainly expect to get our fair share plus, but that the whole area will benefit from.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Seth. So if you go back to pre COVID levels, we're usually about two thirds of our volume of retail and less than 5% auction. And whatever fell in the middle there between trades and brokers varied a little bit on years just based on what kind of negotiations we did with vendors, what were the assets we needed to replace and so on. I think we expect it'll get more normalized to that type of atmosphere. Obviously, you saw 17% auction this past quarter. That might be the highest we've ever done, but that's certainly a large number for us. And that was just blowing out some of the older assets from the 2.2 billion of acquired fleet that we had through M&A, right. Everybody had their 5% to 10% in the back of the lot that you had to either decide to work through or get rid of. So we just decided to clean that up. But we'll get back to more normalized channel mix. That what you saw pre pandemic.
Matthew Flannery: For my 30 plus years of doing this, anytime capital becomes more expensive, it's logical to think that people pay more attention to what they spend their capital on. So when you think about customers that were owning or wanted to own, it adds another barrier thought to them to then think about the opportunity to try rental. And once they do, the math just works. When you think about the lack of even in a flat interest environment, when you think about once they get over the fact that can I get what I want when I need it. Our industries come such a long way that we don't lose customers, they don't go the other way after that because the rental experience is much better. They have flexibility to turn the assets in when they don't need them. They don't have to deal with all those soft costs of storage, maintaining transportation, and the reliability, right. So our mechanics are usually going to do a heck of a lot better job than somebody who's working on equipment once in a blue moon. So all those variables mean greater rental penetration and I think a higher interest environment just adds another layer of that higher penetration. So that's what would be our expectation.
Matthew Flannery: And Michael, pockets you're talking about, are you referring to what areas? Because I think you heard my opening comments. We're seeing pretty broad based demand. All the verticals that we serve, ironically, other than oil and gas, I think we've all seen the rig count come down, have been we're positive in Q3. So we're not seeing a lot of those soft pockets. Say a little more what you're thinking about.
Matthew Flannery: Okay, great. So we have always somewhere between three and three and a half billion dollars right at our disposal to reposition fleet profiles, if that's what necessary. But one of the great things of the model is we have very fungible assets, right. The fleet we use may vary a little bit depending on what type of construction is going on. Maybe in some of these stadiums you're going to need bigger booms and maybe on some of these megaprojects you're going to have a higher propensity for a full breadth of fleet from more dirt moving because there are bigger footprints, but our fleet breadth can really account for that. And it's one of the great parts of the rental model, is as long as you don't get overly specialized, which we don't, that fungibility allows you to move it from different types of work to the other. And that's something that on the margin. If there's some changes, we certainly have just within our replacement CapEx, the opportunity to reprofile and send that fleet to the right place. Mike what I might add and it's really difficult to get into demand intensity by subvertical, if you will, but the way we've kind of talked about this publicly and we look at it internally is just more from a top down perspective. And if you think about the verticals, where certainly we feel very good things like manufacturing, power, infrastructure, transportation, healthcare, et cetera, if you look at the dollar value of those projects and those markets versus the areas you're alluding to which maybe it's aspects of office, it's aspects of commercial just the absolute dollars are much greater in the areas that seem to be opportunistic. And so from a weighted basis, that's where we see our opportunity growing next year.
Matthew Flannery: Great. Thank you, operator and that wraps it up for today. And I want to thank everyone for joining us and remind you all that if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Elizabeth anytime. Operator you can now end the call.
