Matt Flannery: Sure. Tim, good morning. It's Matt. So when we think about that billion and a half that we put on the chart, there's been a portion of that, about a third of that, that we actually put on suspend. And what we did there was any one of our key accounts you had to be a key account for us to offer this to you. We asked them, are you going to need it? Are you're just doing this because your access has been turned off or they closed the job down? Are you going to need a path when they turn on the job day one? And if the answer is yes, and we left the equipment there, we put a new system marcation in our operating system and put it on suspend. That stuff is going to turn on immediately with no lag for the customer and no additional operating cost for us. The other, let's call it, roughly $1 billion that came off. I mean, there's churn going in every day. And if you look at that chart that we put in the Investor deck on Page 35, or in the press release, you see that we've been bouncing up since that 3 weeks – since we hit that 3 week trough. And that's the net of what still is a lot of activity going on, both off rent and on rents. So I wouldn't necessarily take that $1 billion is not going to go back on rent, they just didn't meet the requirements we had to put it on suspend. And we wanted to make sure we weren't – or it might not have been in a secured place. So that was the other challenge. Some customers said, you know I am going to need it back. But I don't want to deal with the security of it. I don't know how long we're going to be out of there. So for a portion of that, there won't be – there will be 0 incremental costs. And then for the rest of it, it's just going to be business with our customers as usual. They ask, and we respond.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thank you. And you're right, that has been part of the strategy. When I talked about we experienced a big disruption back in the Great Recession in '08 and '09, and part of our strategy going forward was to focus on large accounts, large projects, large plants, and that has been holding true. So as you guys know, somewhere around 2/3 of our business, over 60%, is with our key accounts. And the national accounts are about 45%, just that demarcation, and they've all held up stronger than what we'll call our territory or transactional accounts, whatever level you're at. So the strategy is working, and we're very fortunate for that. I think the other big issue is the value prop that we have for those accounts is real important, and creates a unique value that we can bring that maybe not as many competitors in the space can bring, such as technology investments, diversity of fleet, diversity of footprint. So all that plays into why our national accounts are holding up better.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Rob. So a couple of points here. First off, as far as fleet age, we have intentionally managed our fleet age, as we've talked about numerous times, to a place where we feel comfortable. We have one year plus worth of headroom and different products have more headroom. If you think about aerial products, right? You can age them out a little bit longer, if you think about dirt engaging products, maybe not. And all that pulls into our rental useful life calculations, and when we target disposal. But we've left room there very, very intentionally for a rainy day. And unfortunately, it may be raining outside. So we're taking care of that. But as far as fleet size, I don't think you're going to see a meaningful change given a middle of the road scenario, let's say, because we've done much scenario planning. But you're not going to see a meaningful change in size of fleet up or down this year. We're going to manage the new fleet coming in for replacement to also match demand. I think the real point we were making there is we've talked about our flexibility and our cash resiliency, and that was really more of the point of that we can cut – we're going to put a ceiling on our fleet purchases this year of half 2019, because it really can help people get comfortable about how are these guys are going to generate robust free cash flow in any scenario. Well, that's the lever. And where that ends up between the $208 million that we spent in Q1, and let's just call it, roughly $1 billion that we’re feeling that we put on it is going to depend on how fast the markets return to normal.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, yeah. As far as the small player, I apologize, I forgot that part of your question. I think they're probably in a position where they would want to age their fleet even more. And everybody is starting off their own baseline. And some folks, this is all about capital constraints. There's probably varying levels of capitalization within that other three quarters of the industry that doesn't report public. And I think they're all going to be managing to conserve capital, and I imagine aging their fleet is going to be a big part of that.
Matt Flannery: Yes. It's still a relatively small portion. It's grown significantly, but it's still a relatively small portion of our overall revenue stream. It's less than 5%. But I think the more important thing is, we're all going to have to realize what's changing in a post-COVID world, and does this accelerate customers' adoption for it? And when it does, I do believe it will be a seat change. More importantly, as the leader in the industry, we have to be at the forefront of technology. So we've had this procure-to-pay system, seamless system, touchless system for a couple of years now, and it's a very fair question. It's something we're watching carefully is will the current environment change people's acceptance of that opportunity, and we think this could be an accelerant, but early days here. It's still a small piece of the overall business. I would say that the rest of our technology enhancements of touchless systems are probably getting more adoption internally and externally, but we do think this is -- it's just a matter of when, not if.
Matt Flannery: Yes. The less disciplined. I think that's probably fair to say about the industry overall. There was less information. So therefore, when you don't have information, you work on fear. And I think there's been a lot of change since then both for United Rentals, but for the industry as a whole, where there's much more information at the, whether it's the public companies having -- more public companies reporting information, the route data that represents more than half the industry right now. So there's real data to help. And I think that, in itself, helped the industry overall. But I also think our go-to-market strategy changing with customers that value our needs, and we're not a meet to supplier. And when we think back to the early days, as United was rolling up companies and building, we didn't have the diversity of customer base, who were very much relying on non-res and even specifically, the commercial retail part of non-res. And that was a very, very volatile end market at that point in time, and it was a very crowded space. So that's how this strategy has informed us where I think we'll be much more resilient from a pricing perspective, at least on that 2/3 of our business that's very targeted for us and who we're doing business with and what products and services we're offering. So I think we'll see a better outcome. I think the industry will do a better job, quite frankly.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Joe. I'll talk a little bit about that. Let's use that 1.5 immediate three weeks decline as a proxy for it. And when we think about that, the heaviest areas are places that shouldn't surprise anybody, which is think about Pennsylvania, which is one of the most restrictive states on construction, all the way up to Boston. We all saw the news like when everything going on in Boston and state of Massachusetts overall. So that whole corridor, Philly, PA, New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, got hit hard. And the one that may surprise people is up in Canada, Ontario and Montreal both had pretty restrictive guidelines here. And those got hit harder than even I would have expected once we got underneath the numbers. Not as big a part of our business as at Northeast Corridor, but still, I was surprised. And then go all the way to the West Coast and think about Northern California up to watching, which was all in the news as well. Very, very hard here. We think about that's maybe somewhere less than 20% of our overall markets. It was over 50% of the fleet that we had to put on suspend. Big part of that decline. So we'll use that as a proxy. As far as the climb up, it's been pretty broad-based. And outside of the Gulf states, where oil and gas is really in a little bit of trouble right now, right, very, very quiet, you'd see pretty much broad-based the rest of the client and activity. And that's why we're able to keep what is it, 1,177 locations out of 1,181, all but four locations open and operating is because there is broad activity.
Matt Flannery: So there's a couple of things. First of all, we do not plan on at all diminishing our efforts on retail. So think about that as 60% plus on a normal base case of our used sales. But when we think about auctions, we think auctions are getting hit pretty hard right now. So we're not going to participate, we don't need to participate in that area. So we're not going to participate. So think about auctions being net down. And then if we don't spend as much capital, you can think about our trade being down. So the retail portion, which has been holding up pretty well here, even as we sit here in April, is what we'll be focused on. So that would naturally – if we deemphasize the other two avenues of trade and auction, it would bring a natural decline. And then you have to think about just overall, what is activity going to be? So if it's $200 million gap, $300 million gap on a base of a $14 plus billion, I would call that not a huge move. But it's going to depend tremendously on what the capital spend is and what the retail sales are to your point. Either way, I don't find the moves to be, what I would say, significant.
Matt Flannery: So for us to get to a place where we would defleet aggressively, it would have to be a significant demand drop. And we have that in some scenarios, but it's not something that we're betting on or calculating, but we would have that opportunity. Then there's a whole other question of, if the end market is trying going to give us a return, and I don't want to go here because I actually think we're starting to see signs that will end up on the good – better side of our scenario planning. If I went to the darker side, we had said before, we would not be a fire selling fleet, we wouldn't need to. We would just dispose of a fleet that should have natural disposal, and we would focus on that, and that would be our focus. We wouldn't actually say, I have to be fleet by 5%, and I'm going to take $0.20 on the dollar, like some people might have done because they needed the liquidity. And we're in a fortunate position. We don't need that liquidity. And as I said at the end of my prepared remarks, we know that the value we preserve coming out of this is the foundation that we're going to need from going forward. So I think that's a real important delineation. Verse people that may have liquidity issues and may need to get the cash sooner, maybe they'll have a different disposal actions than we would.
Matt Flannery: Could we? Yes. I would be very disappointed if that's the word we're limiting, but could we? We certainly could. That's the lever that we have to pull. Even if we decided we're going to put a little bit more R&D or refer. I mean, there's so many options. There's so much flexibility and optionality in that decision. We'll do what's right for the liquidity and the purpose of the business. But I mean, we're not even giving you guidance on the quarter. So it would be silly for me to talk you about what I think we're going to do in 2021.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So how we think about it is, we feel we can age the fleet at a minimum of a year without any significant R&M costs, right? So, without really any change. If we decided that we wanted to link and if you wanted to go down what Ross was just talking about, you wanted to – you need the length in a couple of years. I mean, when we were all independents, you keep it quite a bit longer, because you didn't have all these liquidity challenges. You didn't have all these issues and you weren't serving these large national accounts. We need to keep our fleet fresh and whether we decide that to do that with natural rotation through our rental useful life and fleet repurchases or more R&M is a decision we'll have. But we won't have to make that decision for at least another year, which is what we mean by having a year of headroom on our fleet age.
Matt Flannery: No. I'm saying that relatively. So whether we end up, it's going to depend on used sales, demand in fleet and it's going to dictate fleet purchases. So where we end up in that up to $1 billion range, and where we end up in used sales. Saying, if you think – at least for me, as I think about it logically, I don't think that movement of whether it's 200 up or 200 down. I think that's the range we're talking about. I don't think we're seeing meaningful changes in the fleet size for when we end 2019 -- I mean, 2020, I'm just not seeing that.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I'll take the second part first, which is, while stressing my mind is the penetration play. We do think there could be an opportunity for secular penetration after this. If we think about anytime there's a disruption in people's capital situation or there's constraints, or there's fear, whatever term you want to use, people that normally wouldn't use a rental channel, and we learned this very much so coming out of the Great Recession, start to turn to the rental channel. And once people start turning to the rental channel, they realize the flexibility and all the soft costs being eliminated that you would have from owning. The math works, right? That's why penetration is usually going only one way. We haven't seen penetration in this industry for the 29 years I've been in it ever go back. So I do think this could be an accelerate, I don't know for sure. But it's a strong hypothesis, and we'll be ready for that opportunity. As far as the in-sourcing, there's going to be a lot of silver linings that we take out of this cloud that we're dealing with right now. And that's one of the ones that I think we're going to find. I think how we can be more creative and work more efficiently is one of the opportunities that we're going to learn about. And when you think about in-sourcing stuff that we were outsourcing, which is one of our most expensive ways. And we had to do it at our peak periods because that's how we fill that capacity gap without there too heavy on headcount. The fact that we were able to in source that is a great way to take out capacity when volumes down without having to take out your future capacity and that opportunity to turn back on first over time. And then if you need it to in a peak period, outsourcing any. So we think this is something that will stick and something that we'll probably be able to get a lot of positive learnings from used in the future.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So when we think about the vertical markets that we serve, as we denoted, industrial is a little bit more challenged. And just think about – I made the mistake of saying oil and gas couldn't far to fall upstream couldn't far to fall off a low stool, I think the legs are gone. So I think that's down to a floor plant right now. So that's really challenged the industrial space. I think downstream, you're going to see a little bit of challenge. We all know the demand for their output because their end product has really been challenged with travel restrictions. So I think temporarily, and I don't know whether it's temporarily means a quarter, two quarters, they'll have to decide. I think that will eventually come back. But if they stop their capital spend, you could imagine that our MRO, right, our on-site abilities, inside the gate could be more highly utilized because if they're lengthening the lives of the assets that are driving their volume, they're probably going to need to put some maintenance and repair in it. And that's what we're well-positioned for that. So I would say that space is pretty good. When we think about the non-res, I think we could all guess, which ones are the ones that are struggling right now, right? Entertainment, travel, any kind of hospitality, hotels, they're all struggling as people are not moving around greatly, and that may continue, specifically the entertainment one, may continue for a while. But then there's others like infrastructure that are doing really well. So I would call overall non-res holding up better, but with puts and takes in each one. And then your point about specialty, specialty has been holding up. And I think about immediately after COVID-19 hit. Some of our specialty businesses got scare to participate immediately in adding more resources, specifically Power and HVAC, trench as infrastructure is growing. There's a little bit of traveling I have been doing. I've seen roadwork everywhere we go. I know our trench team is participating in that, as well as our gen rent teams in the market. So specialty has definitely been holding up better, and I think we'll continue to expect that going forward.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. When we think about fleet productivity, we think about the drag that we're going to have on fleet productivity in the near-term is absolutely time utilization. And the net of rate and mix, we're not really expecting to be anywhere near the variable that we have in time utilization. So that is where our focus is right now. We'll – rate is always something that we're going to manage to optimize and to make sure we're getting a good return, but that's not – the area that's going to show the most numerical change is 100%. Probably for the balance of this year is going to be the time utilization impact of fleet productivity.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and I'm glad that we had this opportunity to address everyone's questions. I mean, we know that every piece of information held at a very uncertain time like this. Hopefully, you also got an opportunity to look at our Q1 investor deck. You can download that online. And if you want to talk before our next call, please reach out to Ted. We hope the business world and the world, in general, is in a better place in July when we get to speak. But for now, thank you, everyone, for being on the call and most importantly, stay safe. Operator, you can end the call.
