William Plummer: Thank you, David. I’ll start on that one. Regarding our bonus accrual, you’re right. It shouldn’t be as high as what it was in the third quarter. But I do remind you that we gave ranges. And the ranges, I would argue, if you look at the extreme of the ranges, it might be a little bit more normal in terms of the incrementals in Q4.
William Plummer: Sure. So I don’t make a link between rate growth and utilization growth the way your question implies. What I would say separately is that our utilization growth has been pretty strong over the course of this year and actually going back into last year. And it’s, in my view, not reasonable to expect that we’re going to continue to deliver 160, 180 basis point improvement year-over-year forever and ever. So I wouldn’t be surprised to see that year-over-year comparison come down a little bit in 2018. And so that’s the way I would think about that. Rate growth, we’ve established momentum in the right direction, right? The question is how far can that go? And that’s really going to be handed to us by the market as well as our execution. I feel confident that our execution and focus on rate is going to be good. Will the market continue to offer up the kind of year-over-year improvements that we started to see here? Time will tell. So those two components I think about separately. But I think in any case, both of them are set up nicely going into 2018. And we’ll execute as best we can in 2018 to take advantage of what’s there.
William Plummer: Absolutely. We certainly want to get as much rate as we can and do it within the operational framework that allows us to deliver time utilization improvement, right? That’s how we’re thinking about it. The question is, is the market environment there that allows us to do it? If it is, I think we can deliver pretty effectively as you saw in Q3.
William Plummer: Yes. And Tim, on carryover, I mean, you guys can all fill out a spreadsheet as well as we can and make your own assumptions about how the rest of this year finishes out. But if you make any reasonable assumptions, I think you’re going to be a point of carryover, if not a little higher going into next year if this year finishes out with anything decent. So the backdrop is a good starting point, but that’s not where we want to rest on our laurels, right? We want continue to try and manage the rate and do it in the context to what the markets offer.
William Plummer: Yes, Rod. So we’re certainly are at pretty good levels and considering we’re at record levels. So we already enjoyed significant time use advantages over the industry benchmarks. I think that we ask our questions all the time is how high can we go? Density helps us with that, and I think that some of what we’re seeing is we’ve grown to be a bigger company. Density and marketplace certainly gives us the opportunity to drive higher time than you could have in the past. It’d be difficult for me to say that we’re going to beat the record year next year, but I guarantee you, that is our goal is to continue to push time use as high as possible.
William Plummer: Yes. So Joe, regards replacement, if you think about it as the legacy United business needing to replace, we’ve been selling something like $1 billion of OEC before the NES deal. So that continued with a little bit of growth, plus you add a need for replacing, let’s say, 100 each for NES and Neff, just to use round numbers, that gets you up to $1.2 billion kind of replacement spend on an OEC basis. And obviously, the inflation impact there, you have to add in, right? Because you’ve got every unit that you buy today replaces a 7, 8-year-old unit at 15% lower price. So you add 15% on top of that, you’re probably in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion kind of replacement need out of your CapEx next year. So that’s a rough starting point. And then we’ll debate, of course, growth on top of that, and that will get us to a 2018 CapEx number. We’re going through that process right now, our budgeting process. So clearly, we haven’t decided on the final number. But in terms of replacement spend, that’s the logic that’s pretty good starting point.
William Plummer: So we’ve always said it depends on what caused the spike in interest rates, right? I mean, obviously, the cost of interest goes up, but if the spike is driven by incremental economic activities across the economy, then in construction, you would expect the benefit from that. And so the net-net impact might be positive associated with a spike in interest expense. As it relates to sort of the competitive position of us versus the rest of the rental industry, well, I certainly feel great about the position that we’re in, right? We’ve got a very low level of floating interest in our overall debt structure. And so we would feel an impact, but I’m going to go out on a limb here and say it might be less of an impact than some of our competitors. And so that should put us in a little bit more advantage position in terms of financial performance. Could it stress some of our competitors to the point of them impacting the actions they take in the marketplace? I guess, it could, but it depends on the individual competitor that you’re talking about.
William Plummer: Yes. Normally, the normal – what’s normal but if you go back over an overview as you would see a positive October. November can go either way, depending on the year that you’re in, and December typically would be a slight negative. But how much on each of those is always the challenge, right? So I’ll leave that to your imagination.
William Plummer: Sure, Seth. So we’ve discussed this every quarter since we’ve talked about Project XL. And we debated about the best way to tell the story in a way that’s useful, right? And the way that’s useful is what’s the incremental impact on our profitability, right? And the challenge that we have – and I’m giving you a background here, but the challenge that we have is that the individual projects each have their own set of metrics. And those metrics may not necessarily directly tied to an incremental EBITDA impact. And so we’re looking at ways, various ways to try and back out the things that you shouldn’t count as incremental EBITDA. That’s a long-winded way of saying that I don’t have a specific number for you right here now on the incremental EBITDA impact of each of those projects. What we’ve tried to do is to pick out the ones where we feel like there’s clarity around the incremental EBITDA impact. So obviously, improving the utilization of equipment versus fair market value is true cash flow impact. And so we wanted to show that, wanted to show a little bit more of what we’re doing. But I’ll ask for further patience as we try to look for the best way to give you what you’re asking for, which is more concrete pacing about how we’re getting to the $200 million impact.
William Plummer: Absolutely. That’s fair. The exact quantification of that is what we want to put some more thought to. But what I can say is this, Seth. As we look at how the projects, in aggregate, are tracking versus the targets that were laid out when we kicked off Project XL, we’re performing very nicely against those targets. So the ramp-up on the metrics at each initiative uses is, in aggregate, nicely ahead of the targets that we’ve laid out. But we want to – when we communicate something out, we want to make sure that it’s useful and clear. And right now, there’s just too much analysis and discussion we would have to give in order to relate the measures that we have to the $200 million run rate that we’re targeting. So we’ll ask you again for your patience.
William Plummer: Yes. That’s a hard one to quantify. I would say sort of based on basic economics that consolidation could be helping. How much? It’s hard to say. What we try to do, though, is just to make sure that we’re looking at the market realistically and we’re taking actions in a disciplined way. And if we continue to do that and if the rest of the industry continues to do that, we certainly think that it should position the industry to perform better.
Matt Flannery: So Tim, this is Matt. I would say as far as NES contract harmonization, they didn’t have a lot of fixed price business in NES. So that would be an area where you would actually technically go to the customer and harmonize any gap that would exist between the two. We don’t -- we’re not really tracking, at this point, any NES stand-alone metrics. The business is so fully integrated right now, as Mike had mentioned in his opening, that the customers are seeing it all as one. And most of the pricing is spot pricing at this point. I will say that wherever there are gaps, they’re all in one price zone right now. So you continue to see movement towards -- much closer towards United historical pricing. But we’re also very cautious that these are relationships that we value and we paid a lot of money for, and we’re going to maintain those relationships. So it’s not directly answer your question, but I think directionally, you’ll see in the rate results that we’ve done a good job of creating a lesser gap.
Matt Flannery: Look at September, right, 73.6% utilization in the month of September. Imagining operating at that kind of level all year long, it’s certainly something that would be great to see. But it’s a real challenge, right? It’s tiring to operate at that level. As we continue today, our lean initiatives and our focus on improving our operations are all about getting us more a capability of operating at higher levels of utilization. I think it’s fair to say a few years ago the thought of being at 73.6% in September might have been intimidating to some people. Well, we just did it, and so there’s opportunity to do better. That’s what we’re trying to do on a continual basis.
Matt Flannery: Yeah absolutely Rob. Our penetration with our TC customers continues to grow. It’s a big differentiator for those customers that value that tool. And we will continue to separate further by enhancements to those tools. Technologies moving quickly, and we have to keep up with it. If you think about just GPS alone, we have over 200,000 with GPS, telematics on it right now, and our goal is now 270,000 with the addition of the extra Neff and NES fleets. So we continue to fill out that value prop to our customers on technology, telematics, and TC is a big part of that.
Matt Flannery: Sure, so we most of the fleet that we buy are from strategic partners that we set up on an annual basis. And we don’t leverage them in a last-minute order, and they don’t leverage us when things are tight. So there’s really no movement there in pricing. These are more important longer-term relationships that we have with our vendors, and we’re very pleased with the way we’re treated.
Matt Flannery: So Joe, we – no, we have POs aligned, slots aligned we got everything we need to execute on that. If the demand remains, we’ll go all the way up to that $200 million. If not, it’ll be towards the 70 50. But we’re all dialed in with as far as slots and deliverables from the OEMs.
Matt Flannery: Ross, this is Matt. There are some contribution to it, right, from NES. Neff, we’re pretty aligned across the board about our pricing, our pricing methodology and the culture around pricing. But with NES, we got a little bit of lift from that. I think more importantly even in our non-NES overlap markets. We have seen similar pricing increases. So although it’s not a driver for the macro, it is certainly a couple of bps improvement over the normal.
Matt Flannery: Yes, Joe. This is Matt. I think that was more referring to demand and partially an explanation of why you saw an increase in the capital spend ranges. We normally wouldn’t spend that much in a Q4, so we thought it noted an explanation. But that demand is there, and it’s not all just storm-related. As far as rate, I mean, we’re going to always push to do more, but we all understand the seasonal patterns of rate, and all of this is embedded in the guidance that we just updated.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. Well, first, I think you’ll have to remember, if you’re looking on a year-over-year basis, we did – you’re looking at a comp that didn’t have the NES boom business in it and then does in Q3 this year. So that was a little bit of drag on the age that we’ve been moving down and a little bit of a drag on the dollar but which will continue to improve that spread as well. As far as the pull-forward spend, it looks very much like what our normal spend would be, maybe a little more heavily weighted on specialty. Because some of the immediate response that we needed and a little less on booms and reach forks for the same exact reason we have more of those around. So other than that, it looks similar to our profile. Almost all of it core fleet and very fungible assets.
Matt Flannery: Yes, a little bit more on specialty just because some of the remediation, some of the power. And we might even got some more pumps, as busy as pump was to help.
Matt Flannery: Steve, this is Matt. I would say that we’re seeing both – we are seeing discipline. We measure it by absorption, and we’ve been seeing that for the entire year, really starting fourth quarter last year that the discipline on the capital spend versus the incremental demand has yielded positive absorption. And we think that’s played out into stabilizing rate and given us the opportunity to get pricing where it was pre-2015. So I would think that the industry has been disciplined on both fronts.
Matt Flannery: So it’s not really on a calendar schedule anymore, Steve. We actually intentionally try to address those throughout the cycle. It makes it easier for our team and with the acquisitions that was just some triggers that actually made it necessary to harmonize some set pricing at different times. So there’s not really an annual trigger like maybe four, five years ago where we’re doing everything in Q4 and Q1. It’s a little more spread out.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah Scott, I will take the second. I’ll start with the second. And then, of course, Matt and Bill can jump in on the first one. But no, I think Bill outlined it, as we talked about a little bit of housekeeping. But we look at every acquisition on its own merits. The team has done a wonderful job of providing lots of dry powder for the company, and we’re very disciplined about our approach. That will not change. I’ve talked about it ad nauseam about how we think about strategic fit financial and cultural. And we will continue to look and see what those opportunities bring. We’re not afraid to do an acquisition, and we’re not afraid to pass on them either. So I think the disciplined approach that we’ve had has yielded great benefits. And you’re seeing that in some of our results. As far as the first question, I’ll pass it over to Matt.
Michael Kneeland: The market dynamic will be the market dynamic. We don’t know what the competition will do or not. We are myopically focused on our customers and the value proposition that we can bring, but we’re cognizant of it. We watch it. And again, we are very disciplined around our capital spend.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on today’s call. Our third quarter investor presentations are available online if you haven’t had a chance to see it. Obviously, you can reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR, with any additional questions. It’s been a busy year, and we’re looking forward to starting 2018 with a lot of momentum, so stay tuned for our next call. Thank you, and have a great day.
