Michael J. Kneeland: Seth, this is Mike. Yes, your point is well taken that we have been driving time utilization up. As Bill mentioned, it's the sixth consecutive quarter that we've had significant improvement in our time. I think overall, as we become much more efficient at how we do things going forward, I think that there's still a point to 2 points that we could get out of our business. Keep in mind, it's also how we change our products as we go forward. All the capital that we're spending goes to a plethora of different products that we have out there. So each one will have its own dynamics, but I think overall, we have the capacity for the future to get a couple of points out of it.
Michael J. Kneeland: Manish, this is Mike. I just want to reiterate what Bill said, is that we're not done. We are clearly focused on driving much more efficiencies and the other thing that we've talked about, and we've talked about with you and other investors, is about FAST and the way in which we deliver equipment. We think that there's significant opportunities to further improve our cost structure, while improving our services to our customer. So stay tuned, more to come.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, well, weather is something you can't control. It comes and it goes. Obviously, in the last quarter, we had some storms. We had some areas along the East Coast that had a minor effect, nonetheless it was an effect that drove some of our utilization a little bit higher, and particularly in our Trench, Power, HVAC business. As far as the government, we see the government as a unique opportunity and we think that the story of behind rental is a very strong story for the government. And so we look forward for continuous improvement. Right now, there's still continuous [ph] small numbers with regards to the government spending, as you know. We haven't been large participants of the stimulus dollars. But I will just say, any dollars that are put into the economy can't be seen as negative. It's got to be seen as positive. So we'll take whatever comes our way. With regards to energy, I think energy has been an ongoing dispute, not a dispute but question for many, many years. First, oil, now frac-ing is a widely used term. I don't see that ramping up at the speed it did this past year, but I don't see it declining. I'm seeing it kind of leveling off and continue to grow. But nonetheless, I see that as a viable -- it's very low-cost energy that's here in the United States and all indications are that, that's going to be a -- continue to grow forward. So I see that as a positive within our industry.
Michael J. Kneeland: The way in which we look at things, I mean our year-to-date, and this is by SIC code, and this is how we have an internal report. In construction today is around 48.2% of our business. We have services and manufacturing, one, is 12.5%, the other is 10.5%. We have transportation for government, 3.4%. Mining, just under 3%. It's a long list of different SIC groupings that we track inside of our industry. Construction, as you know, the way we track it for SIC codes, electrician's an electrician. We don't change that, and we don't know exactly what job he's on, whether it's a hospital or whether it's a power plant. We just track it by their SIC code. So I don't know if that's answering your question, specifically or are you talking about...
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, let me put it this way. I mentioned in my opening comments that National Accounts has grown from 19.6% to 32.4%. That has been a growing trend. I see that going to continue to grow forward. But most importantly is the Key Accounts and the reason I mentioned Key Accounts is that you know -- our go-to-market strategy is by account management. And we have identified what we consider very critical accounts, whether it be a National Account, whether it be a strategic account, which is multistate, but not multiregional and then we have the assigned account and the assigned account would be someone, and I've used this analogy with you before, Scott, someone who's say, in the 5 boroughs of New York, he doesn't have any reason to go anywhere else. But he is getting at the lion's share of that business and that market. That's how we look at the world. That's how we're measuring ourselves. Today, we're around 53%. I see that trending up closer to 60% over time. But there are always going to be the other portion of that business that we bring in new accounts, we classify them and then we'll assign an account to them. But that's how I look at the world. That is very different than the way we looked at the world, 3, 4, 5 years ago. We kicked off Operation United in 2009 to focus in on these Key Accounts.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I mean, the large portion of those customers were probably some of our Key Accounts. We didn't weight it by revenue. It is by actual count. So we didn't break it out by National Accounts. We could do that, but we don't have that data readily available.
Michael J. Kneeland: Henry, this is Mike. Like I said, it affected our -- if any one of our segments, it would have been the Trench, Power, HVAC, with the other generators and the digi magnification and it wasn't really a significant number in the quarter.
Michael J. Kneeland: Let me just, I'll give it to you, the time utilization as we went through the quarter. In July, it was at 72.5%, August was at 73.7% and September was at 74.3%.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I think that the competitive landscape obviously is -- I think everyone's growing. I think you saw the results from one of our competitors last month. My sense is that -- and we saw some of the early indications from one of our competitors. I think they're all -- I think we're all benefiting from the secular shift. I think that we're all going to see rates improve as well. And as I mentioned, I think that some of the lower tier, smaller local players, I don't know that capital is readily available for them. All indications are still very tight, which has enabled the larger companies to capitalize on this momentum. And I don't know that that's going to change relatively soon given the uncertainty in the marketplace. So I think everyone is acting great. I mean, it's good stewards of the industry. They're focused on driving their businesses, improving profitability and improving rental rates.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, thank you, operator. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today and as I always state at the end of these calls, I urge all of you to download our latest investor deck, which has been updated on our website. And I invite any investor who would like to go to one of our facilities to reach out to Fred Bratman, so that we can have an orderly presentation put together for you. So with that, I'll conclude and thank you very much, and look forward to our next call.
William B. Plummer: Yes, I think that's fair, Seth. We didn't call it out because as we look at the year-over-year performance of R&M, we feel better about where it is in the third quarter than we did in the first quarter, for example. So I think that's a fair characterization. We think it's in the range of noise now.
William B. Plummer: Yes, I think it's fair to say that it will be north of 60%. Don't have a definitive number right now, but I think it will be north of 60%.
William B. Plummer: So, I guess, we did get the decision out of Moody's to notch the unsecured and then that's really a function of their process for secured debt. They assume that the entire facility is drawn. And so they put that facility in as drawn at $1.8 billion and then they work through their process and look at the impact on that basis of the securities that are underneath the secured loan. And it's a mechanical process, quite honestly, not terribly logical in my mind, but that's the way they do it. So I guess I direct you to Moody's to ask how they do it. As far as our consideration, we certainly understood that they were likely to notch down, but our view is that the fundamental credit characteristics of the company haven't changed. And so we feel pretty comfortable that the market will understand that and there won't be a significant impact, if any, to our bondholders.
William B. Plummer: So used sales will certainly reflect the overall approach to the fleet decision, but we've been focused on driving -- as our fleet's gotten bigger, we've been focused on driving greater used sales over the forecast horizon that we've been talking about. And we'll continue to look to drive used sales. I think you can -- that replacement number that I gave you, of about $500 million to $600 million is probably the OEC amount of the used sales that we would target, at least, initially in thinking about next year. As it relates to other cost opportunities, we certainly are continuing to look at branch closures and consolidations as part of how we think about the business. So we'll continue to make those choices and if need be next year, we can pull that lever to respond to a softer environment. We're going to have some closures in the current quarter. We'll announce those as we get through the quarter, that results from our look at our cost structure. But that is in the nature of sort of a normal review of our footprint. If things get tough next year, we would take a harder look on branch footprint. Similarly in other lines of cost, we think that we have some opportunities, either in good times or in tough times to take a little bit more in the way of cost out. We're looking at our strategy, for example, of how we align operations in a given geography, right? It's not just about what branches you open, what branches you close, but how the branches in a given geography work with each other. We think there's some opportunity there. We think there's some opportunity in some of the G&A lines, and taking a harder look at what we do where and how we rely on outside support versus inside. So we think there's some more cost opportunities. It's obviously much harder now than it used to be, but we think there are opportunities there.
William B. Plummer: Well, we've tried to update it at the beginning of the year, for the last couple of years. So we'll talk about it in the context of what we talk about when we report fourth quarter.
William B. Plummer: Yes, Peter, just to be the clear, the auction share that we expect for the remainder of the year is going to be fairly small. Let's say in the 10% to 15% range just to give you a ballpark. The Ritchie Bros. announcement specifically was -- let's call it an experiment that we're running with Ritchie Bros., with the idea of saving on the cost and aggravation of shipping all of the equipment to a Ritchie Bros. auction site and instead leaving the equipment at United Rental sites and asking people to either visit the equipment at those sites or to access data on Ritchie Bros.'s website or our website. We think that we can take some complexity and cost out of the process for us and still get a pretty good participation in the auction. So that's what you saw out of Ritchie Bros. It's not a signal that we're going to ramp up the amount of auction selling that we'll do significantly. We've said that we're going to do more selling to vendors in the fourth quarter, so you'll certainly see more of that. Vendors represented about, I think I said, 25% of what we sold in the third quarter. They'll probably be that or higher in the fourth quarter. And then we're going to push everything that we can through our retail channel. So hopefully, that gives a little bit more insight. But if not, ask another question.
William B. Plummer: So penetration with new accounts, growth with existing accounts, we haven't broken out historically. I think it's fair to say that the existing accounts were the big drivers of the volume increase, as we've really ramped up our focus on driving more share of wallet and so that's been the biggest chunk. In terms of the acquisition impact, we added -- I can talk about it in terms of revenue rather than OEC on rent. The acquisitions contributed about $22 million of total revenue in the quarter. And I'll just -- you didn't ask, but I'll add that, that $22 million came with an EBITDA margin of north of 50%. So that gives you a sense of the impact on the financials of the acquisitions. If you really want what part of the OEC on rent, yes, we can probably talk about it offline.
William B. Plummer: No. So it's $1.8 billion of available borrowings on the existing facility. There is an additional $500 million of uncommitted that we could add on at some future point.
William B. Plummer: It's a good question. Against the $1.8 billion, there is suppressed availability. So the full $1.8 billion is available.
William B. Plummer: They are still springing, they are sprung off initially. So they are sprung off today and it's the same threshold, 10%.
William B. Plummer: L plus 200 is what we're paying today. There's a grid that could go as low as 175, and as high as, help me Irene, as high as 225. So we're at 200 today.
William B. Plummer: Between $500 million and $1 billion of availability, we're at 200 basis points. So the breakpoints are at the either end of that range.
William B. Plummer: Ted, we're certainly wrestling with those questions as we speak. Wrestling only in the sense of, we want to get our forecast for next year from an operating perspective set. So I'm really hesitant to say anything other than, we're mindful of what we want to do to manage the fleet. I mentioned the replacement CapEx spend that we think about for next year as being in that $500 million to $600 million range. We're also mindful of the demand that we're seeing from those Key Accounts that we want to build our strategy around. And so we're going to be very focused on what's the right strategic place to put our capital spend for next year. And that will be the big driver, and where we end up in free cash flow. We've been free cash flow positive as a company for at least 7 years in a row. I think maybe there's only 1 year in the history of the company where we haven't been. So we obviously take that as a standard seriously. At the same time, we are very focused on driving the strategy of the company and positioning the company for the long run. And we're in a mode now where there's a lot of demand for capital. So we're trying to balance those things and we'll talk about them more when we release earnings in January.
William B. Plummer: It's the right way to interpret it, if next year turns out to be a decent year. So I hesitate to say it's a floor only because if next year turns out to be a really soft year, we could spend less than that. But that's the natural replacement level of spend that we think about for next year, and as long as the market hangs in, you could look for us to do at least that and then add growth CapEx on top of that in response to what we're seeing from the market and from our customers.
William B. Plummer: Yes, again, it depends on the path of demand between now and a few years from now. But if 2012, 2013, 2014 play out the way that we hope and expect, the incremental return from CapEx is pretty attractive. Without giving a specific number, it's certainly going to be well above any reasonable view of what our cost of capital is.
