Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on today. Earlier this month we announced our exciting acquisition of BakerCorp. Today the news is about our strong financial results, our continued confidence in this cycle and our many avenues for profitable growth. You've heard us talk about organic expansion, fleet management and our sales and service initiatives. In short, we’re leaving no stone unturned as we execute our strategy to balance growth and returns. Before I get into the quarter, a quick word about Baker. This acquisition is a highly strategic move on our part, we feel even more strongly about that today having spent an additional two weeks with their team. So Matt will bring you up to date on Baker in a minute and we'll – I’d be happy to address any questions during Q&A. And just to be clear, any confusion that – about our revised guidance, it does not include Baker as we have not closed yet. Our guidance represents our expectations for a standalone business and in our press release we gave a projected impact of Baker for the balance of the year which you can add to guidance to help with your models. Now let's talk about the second quarter. It was a robust performance all way around by our Gen Rents and Specialty segments. When you look at the results, pro forma for the acquisitions, you can see the strength of the metrics behind our double-digit increase in revenue. The big drivers are 7.1% increase in volume versus 2017, reflecting an acceleration from the first quarter and a 2.8% increase in rental rates. Every one of our regions showed rates up year-over-year. While company-wide our performing time utilization was 69.2% tied last year's second quarter record. There's a lot of demand out there and we’re bringing all of our collective experience to bear in turning that demand into profitable growth. That's part of the reason why we are outperforming the marketplace. We are seeing not only the impact of a healthy cycle on our metrics, but also our experience in managing that opportunity. We believe that we can get more rate without sacrificing utilization and we are focused on operating as efficiently as possible. Yesterday we raised our outlook for revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and CapEx spend three solid indications of our confidence in this cycle and our ability to deliver returns. We are looking at over $7.5 billion of revenue this year and we intend to make the most of that growth. Another milestone in the quarter was the completion of our $1 billion share repurchase program and the launch of the new $1.25 billion program we announced earlier. So we are on track there too. And operationally I couldn't be more proud of Team United. We just delivered our 16th straight quarter with a record – with a reportable rate at or below one and our safety record speaks volumes about the caliber of our people. I'm talking about these things back to back to make a point. With us is not an either or when it comes our focus or the use of capital. In this case, we’re being very strategic about M&A, reflecting our CapEx to meet demand and we’re on track with our share raise program. And we’re keeping our eye on the ball with best-in-class operations. Matt will go into more detail, but before I hand it off, a final word on our end markets. You see the same leading indicators we do, virtually all of which are positive. We have the additional benefit of our customer surveys plus 15,000 employees with an ear to the ground. And from where we are standing, we see a healthy level of customer activity continuing to drive significant demand. Our performance in the first six months of 2018 and in particular the second quarter has set the stage for a strong back half of the year. We are meeting that opportunity on the front lines with size, diversification and a more customer focused organization. And these are the pillars to sustainable growth. Now I'd like to give it to Matt for his thoughts and then Bill will cover the numbers. So, over to you Matt.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. David, maybe I'll lead off here on this one. Always very difficult to say what the rate is going to be. And so I won't address the 3% specific number. What I will say is that, we believe that the demand environment is robust and will continue to be so for some time to come. And as long as you're not overwhelming the rate, the demand with excess fleet, then you should be able to continue to move rates higher. For us it's less about hitting a specific great number like 3% and more about are we delivering a rate progression that allows us to be efficient and prudent in how we add capital to the business? And that translates into profit and margin and return performance that's attractive, right. That's really how we are thinking about it. And so the rate environment we think will allow for that to continue. We have nice margin improvement and profit improvement in the quarter. We expect nice robust margin improvement and profit improvement for the full year. And we think that will carry over into nice return performance not only this year but next year. So I try not to get too focused in on one specific number and more is the rate environment that we have and expect can be commensurate with delivering the goals that we've set out.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. The concept of what you're laying out is useful concept where I get tripped up David is just the attaching a specific number to it, right? Whatever the rate environment is, is going to be okay as long as it translates into the kind of growth and profit and return that we feel is prudent and available for the business, right? So if it's 3%, great. That's – you're getting it through a little bit more rate. But if it's 2.5% and you can manage through productivity or prudent investment in capital to translate that into profit and return performance that's attractive that's okay too. So that's why I'm having a hard time getting too tied into the exact formulation of the question is because the rate environment that we get depends how we view it depends on what we can do with it at the bottom line and in return.
Michael Kneeland: David the other thing I would say if the market is there and we have the opportunity we are going to grab it. We are going to go for it and that's we are not shy and asking for higher rate. We pride ourselves in making sure that we are going to capture as much as we possibly can.
Michael Kneeland: If you take a look at the end market – this is Mike, just for a moment. If you take a look at the infrastructure market, we can always debate where it stands right now, but I don't think there's any argument that the need for infrastructure needs to improve. It's not a question of – it's a question of when. And we just want to – the learning’s help us become better prepared for when that comes and it's – as Matt mentioned take that aside for a moment, it's still a growth opportunity for us.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Joe. Actually, quite the opposite. So we've seen – what is it? 22 consecutive months? 24 consecutive months of positive absorption and that Rouse data that you referred to, which is very important for rate integrity, but just as importantly as we've seen the rest of the industry and admittedly tracking about 40%, 45% of the industry, which we think is a great sample size, is acting very similar from a rate perspective that we are. So we’re very encouraged with that and I think it points to not just the robust demand, but also the discipline of the industry and that's something that we're happy to see.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. And just additionally Bill covered it accurately. When you think about, if we have an outside haler that's charging us $50 more on the trip and we pass that $50 more on it is going to move the top line. One of the things that you see playing through temporarily here is that incremental $50 is going to come at zero flow through. So that's just something that we have to work through and we'll continue to work with the team to catch up on it but you saw a little of that play through in the first half.
Michael Kneeland: No Tim we haven't. And we talked about that. Obviously we have our customer confidence index and we tracked that remains robust. More importantly we talk to our field leaders and field sales teams specifically the strategic teams that are engaging with the large customers on large projects. And I can point to one project that's been canceled because of any kind of tariff concerns inflation concerns or anything else. So it's still robust. We still feel really good about the end market. And as you can see through all our actions we feel that this -- we have legs left to this cycle and we are excited about that.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you. I think that's it, operator. Yeah, as always, you can always connect with Ted for the – who heads our IR if you have additional questions and our investor deck is out on our website. So look forward to talk to you again in 90 days. Thank you.
William Plummer: And I think David, just looking at those 16 quarters you referenced and I’m thinking – in isolation of the one metric and I'm thinking of what was the return profile at that point is also shortchanging, what we’re doing today when we are getting a good return on the assets still being very prudent about managing rates and time and everything that we do. But I don't think you can look at it without thinking about what was the return profile when we had to go after 3.3. And the word had is important.
William Plummer: So as you know David those year-over-year rate increases are as much a result of the comp on last year. So it was 3% in April where you had an easier comp last year especially coming off a poor Q1 better than a 2.5% increase in June will not realize we are actually achieving a higher realized dollar in that June number. So we don't -- we are managing the business day to day and we've always been this way. It's not the year-over-year number that says relevant to us that's impacted by comps as what's the sequential bill and when we look at this your first six month sequential bill of rate mathematically and qualitatively it is a better rate improvement for the first six months of this year than it was the first six months of last year.
William Plummer: Yes just so Ross just a quick comment and I think Matt will join in as well. Yes. Some of them are 'out of our control' in the sense that we can't control where fuel prices go for example we can't control how we recover fuel charges from the customers who use the fuel. So that's something that we are always looking out very carefully to make sure that if our costs are going up we pass them along. We think that's a reasonable expectation and so the customers usually don't get too much. The freight cost that do get passed along to us when we use outside freight it's hard to fight too much against that but that said we do have the ability to use our own internal delivery capabilities and leverage that more effectively when those costs are going up. So that's what we're doing to try and address that particular cost item. And labor costs right our labor challenge has been about over time more so than wage inflation wage inflation has not ticked up significantly for us but our use of overtime is something that we have control over. And so being prudent about when we use overtime and how do we arrange our drivers and our texts to use them as productively as possible and cut down on the need for overtime is something that we could do here within the walls of United Rental. So those are the things that we're doing to address those cost items. And I think we've had some success here as we've gone through the first half and come out of it having we positioned ourselves so that our expectation in the back half is that our costs are going to look more like what they’ve look like in prior years.
William Plummer: Yeah. What I'd say, Ross, is that we certainly will make our decision about how much CapEx to spend based on, not only the external environment that we're seeing, but also on the needs of the fleet for refresh. Right? The used equipment sales picture. And that CapEx decision will have an impact on exactly where we end up in free cash flow. That said, I think, it is fair to say that we expect a very robust free cash flow environment for 2019. Almost at any level of capital spend that we choose, were going to have a robust free cash flow picture. I won't go to the exact number, but it will be very strong and we'll continue to use that very prudently as we invest for the company's future.
William Plummer: No, nothing flawed in the overall frame that you laid out. And obviously, we'll talk about more specifics in 2019 as we get closer to it. Or I'll say, Jessica will talk about it.
William Plummer: Thanks, Seth. So a couple of points. I'd say 50% and we've always said this right? 50% is not a bad way to think about the incremental margins available in this business. So I'll say that full stop. But you got to make sure that you understand the ins and outs. It's a very sensitive calculation you heard me talk about that before. That said I think that's a reasonable starting point. It certainly is going to be impacted as we grow specialty disproportionately and that's something that we want to make sure that we’re mindful of us to think about its impact on flow through, but the reality is specialty growth is a unilaterally or an unalloyed good thing from a top-line perspective, from a margin perspective, from a return perspective. So we want to keep going as rapidly as we prudently can. With regard to specialties gross margin performance in the quarter specifically. It was impacted in this quarter and will be impacted to probably a lesser extent as we go forward by increased depreciation, right. Gross margin so depreciation is in there. That depreciation is heavily driven by the Cummins acquisition, right. We bought the Cummins assets in the second half last year, and that depreciation is showing up more and more in the TPP segment margins. That's a major impact there. We also had a lot of pull-starts and you all know that the pull-starts margin performance early in its life will way down. So as you have relatively more of those it tends to depress the margin results until those cold start locations mature. So those two dynamics were really at play in the segment margin results. It still is a very attractive business specialty I'm talking about. It still delivers incremental returns and profitability and margin and so that growth story I think you'll see us continue to emphasize go forward.
William Plummer: Yeah, that's about the number. So call it an impact in the fourth quarter of about $9 million or so from the synergies associated with Neff.
William Plummer: Yes. We certainly should be there. We are not too far away from that as we speak. So I'll point out a couple of things as regards to the incremental margins in the back half of the year just so that everybody hears this at the same time. The Neff impact of anniversarying that acquisition will be a significant boost in fourth quarter flow through. And I'd just remind everybody of the mechanics of that in the year-over-year comparison which flow through is in the fourth quarter of this year we will then have the fixed cost of Neff in both periods and so as a result it won't represent as much of a weight on flow through as it has in the prior period. So that will boost the flow through from the Neff acquisition mechanics. The other point that we mentioned in the first quarter as well is that our bonus accrual this year is going to be down from where it was last year last year was a record payout for us. We are improving something that's closer to a normal payout for us this year. That impact over the entire second half is going to be something like $27 million. And the dollars will probably be about equally split between third quarter and fourth quarter. So that's going to be a boost in both third and fourth quarter just from that factor alone. So those are the things that we think will help support the back half flow through to drive it up toward the range that we've given as our guidance.
William Plummer: Yeah. And we've been investing and positioning ourselves and should we find how it's going to get funded that will be even icing on the cake upon what we see today. But this is something we've been building up for and when we’re reviewing the net acquisition it has additional boost to, not just vertical, but that vertical within additional boost to that acquisition.
William Plummer: Thank you. Actually, I knew you had a second half to your question. The Cummins asset has gotten us into the larger end of power and the team has done a great job with. That has been a homerun acquisition. I know we referred it early as some of the drag of the depreciation on the margin, but the Cummins don't confuse that with the value and accretiveness of the Cummins deal. It's been a great deal, that the team members that came with it, the assets that came with it have really deepened our penetration into the power space in a big way.
William Plummer: Well, I would tell you it's very robust. The teams out there, I give them a lot of credit. They've been very busy as you can see by our announcements over the past 18 months. They are out there. They are doing as much diligence as they can to understand the industry dynamics. But it follows along the lines of our strategic – around our return metrics that Bill mentioned and around the cultural aspects of it. So all three of those we take a look at. We don't look at size. We just looked at the principles that we have out there. We are in a good place because we can be selective and we’re going to continue to monitor, be active, and be good stewards of the capital and spend it in the right way.
William Plummer: Yeah, Courtney I don't have a specific breakout. It's clear that both actors were at play. I do think it's critical for us to have a better sense of where we are in the cost front, and as Matt said I think I try to indicate we’re better positioned now as we look at the second half against those cost items. So, both were at play. I couldn't give you a breakout of how much is cost versus how much is acquisition impact without going and doing some additional work.
William Plummer: Yeah. Good question. The fuel component we have a fairly automated process for how we adjust our fuel pricing and fuel recovery as a result. So, I hesitate to say its one-for-one but it's closer to one-for-one when fuel prices go up. The delivery charges are little bit left direct. And so there's probably somewhat of a lag there as we have to get the entire organization to adjust to sort of higher targeted delivery charges as those costs go up for us. So yeah if you will closer to one-for-one delivery is somewhat of a lag.
William Plummer: It was part of that story. It's something that we think we have to continue to chase after in order to deal with the increases in cost that we are seeing in the rest of the business.
Matthew Flannery: Ross, Bill, touched on the key components. Just to put it from an operational perspective and from our point of view what we've done to repair, is when you think about the Q1 and some spill over into April on using third-party services for delivery, third party services for repairs, specifically major repair, it's our slow time of the season. And if I'll be candid, I think our team overused those third-party resources and they came with a large inflationary cost this year. That's what we needed to mitigate. We've in-sourced a lot of this work here in May and June and we've seen the positive results of doing that where are our costs look more in line with previous years as a percentage of either transactions or revenue, which ever you choose, do and that's what gives us confidence that we’ve mitigated it, but it also adds capacity. So that in-sourcing has additional value longer term for growth. Our team got excited to get ready for the ramp up to the year and wanted to get the fleet up and moving as quickly as they could and we have to stop the outsourcing. Inflation just prohibit it from being a profitable way to stuff done.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Rob. This is Matt. We absolutely learned a lot from the Neff acquisition there. They are deeper and broader fleet and expertise in dirt and even in some of the verticals that we come along with that as I referenced infrastructure in my opening remarks. I have really given the straight learning’s and we could spread those learning’s across our footprint. This is not dissimilar to what we've done with many of our acquisitions and they are more readily apparent in specialty where you broaden your product offering or your solution offering. So and we expect it by the way to do that where we can create a full fluid solutions business even on top of what's been a great pump business through our acquisition of National Pump a few years ago. So we absolutely have learning’s from that. And as far as the other value of it other than the learning’s the expertise or even the additional capacity right of talent is the extra customer base that comes with it to sell to. So there's a lot of reasons why we decide to do M&A and acquisitions. It's not just speed although that's part of it. It's the expertise the capacity the additional knowledge and access and that's been a big growth driver for us.
Matthew Flannery: No. No not really. You have to remember so much of the specialty growth is in cross sell that's going to act very similar from a pricing mechanism to the rest of our business. We are negotiating with the same customers and as far as I guess also part of that question is we've been asked so I'll answer it is how we are National Accounts versus your transactional accounts. We see a very similar pattern in the half for a while about pricing behavior and opportunity in both albeit at a lower base right? As you would have imagine our National Accounts leverage their spend they have a lower realized cost versus the transactional customer but this is across the board effort of rate management not just trying to find honey holes to get some rate and we are very disciplined about our rate management.
Matthew Flannery: No the team has been working on it this weekend and last week actually doing a lot of strategy work before close. The good news is that we don't need a lot of store closures that kind of integration so they have ample real estate. We even have the opportunity to grow that footprint over time, similar to what we did with the Pump acquisition. Although, there are some synergies in the model and in our communication. I think it's important to note the real win here on the Baker deal is the cross-sell. It is a growth opportunity that we feel is there where we can capitalize what's 76-year-old business, a lot of institutional knowledge and expertise and how we can bring that into our portfolio and capitalize it for growth. That's the play here for the Baker acquisition. And there's nothing that feels – makes us feel as if we’ll have to move slower than our normal rapid pace on integration.
