Jessica Graziano: Sure David. I'll start -- there's a couple of things I'd say on both sides of the ledger to consider as we get through our planning process for 2022. I'll start on the benefit side. The first would be that we will have a tailwind from the bonus adjustment that we've mentioned the last few quarters. So, you could assume as that bonus resets next year, that's going to be about a $50 million tailwind that will carry into 2022. The other I would say positive as we're considering 2022, particularly, as we're thinking of it as a strong year, is really the benefit that we'll get through revenue right and the volume and the activity that will flow through the topline. On the other side, I would say -- again, we're sharpening our pencil on details for the plan. We are considering the inflation impact not surprisingly, we expect that there'll be some continuing cost inflation, particularly in some of the bigger lines for us as you think about labor and delivery and R&M. So, we're working through those as we work to get our plan pulled together.  We also have additional costs that are going to normalize, right, that will serve as a bit of a headwind. T&E the most obvious example. As we look at what the normal level of activity -- cost activity would be for us in discretionary costs that, again, will continue to normalize. And then the other margin impact I'd say really for the first half of the year would be on lapping the acquisitions, right, and the impact that that will have again through, I would say, the end of the second quarter. So, I hope that's helpful as a framework. I will just broadly also say we do expect that margins will be up in 2022 and we do expect that we'll be back in that normal range of flow-through that we target somewhere between 50% and 60%.
Jessica Graziano: Yeah. I'll just close the loop on that to Matt's point; cost synergies were not big in this deal. They -- we had talked about $17 million over a three-year period, we feel pretty good about getting those realized in a shorter time. So probably a couple of years in and will be fully realized. But again not anything super material for this deal the growth is the opportunity.
Jessica Graziano: Rob, if I could add one thing to that and that would be, we won't just consider where we are today and let that become an impediment to the kind of growth that we think we can have from an organic perspective. So, for example, as we're looking at what our long-term strategy and the type of organic growth that we can support, we're going to make sure that the facilities and all of the other, let's call it, behind-the-scenes support to build capacity around that opportunity is also part of the decision-making that goes into the underlying strategy for growth. So it all goes together for us to make sure that, as we're working towards that growth, we can absolutely service the customer and fill the capacity appropriately.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Courtney, it's Jess. Yeah, I mean, we think the margin potential can really for the whole business, but for Specialty included would be that it could get better over time, right, as the business grows and we continue to have better opportunities to absorb fixed costs. And to continue specifically for Specialty to grow that business into the white space that we know, we're filling with the kind of cold start activity that we do every year. And so we're encouraged and very pleased with not only the growth that they've had, but what we see continuing going forward. And that includes General Finance as well. I mean, obviously that business from a margin perspective is going to be dilutive to the base. But great, great business from a return perspective and again the growth opportunity there is really, really great for us.
Matt Flannery: Yes, certainly David. Without getting into the as you know with the details of the individual components, your idea of understanding, we came into 2021 same absorption was by far our greatest opportunity coming off that baseline in 2020. We'll have a little bit of that baseline tailwind in Q1 but after that it will be gone. And I will just tell you without getting into the specific quantification, certainly absorption was at a real high level this year. And if we were able to replicate this level of next year, we'd be really pleased. But we're not going to get into the details and cherry pick this because it's a good story. And I think the discipline in the industry and the way that we've talked about and categorize the supply-demand environment, we do agree that at some point next year this will be positive derived fleet productivity maybe on some of the other factors even more so. So we're looking forward to that. I don't think we'll see these big double-digit numbers again because we had such an absorption tailwind but we certainly can exceed our inflationary factors that we target at 1.5%. So we feel good about that opportunity next year.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So as you guys know and Jess talks about it all the time, first and foremost, we'll use that robust free cash flow and that strong balance sheet to support the growth of the business. You could see we've leaned in organically this year and M&A. And I think we can do both in the future but we don't necessarily target an M&A number because it has to go through our process. The pipeline is still there. We think consolidation is still an opportunity in the industry. And so stay tuned. It's really more about what makes it through the end of the pipeline and making sure that it meets our criteria strategically, culturally and most importantly, financially. So we certainly have the dry powder. We want to use it for growth first but we're going to only do smart deals. And if that doesn't come through then Jess has the pleasure of dealing with capital allocations in a different way, once we get leverage down to the bottom of our rate.
Matt Flannery: Yes, Steve, we actually did start earlier this year. I think the OEMs did I think everybody was – want to make sure they got ahead of the ball game. So a little bit earlier but we're usually early anyway. So that wasn't too big an adjustment. I would say that when we think about next year I think our OEMs are working our partners are working real hard to continue to get that supply chain as smooth as they can. It's good for their business and for us. But this year as you saw we were able to raise CapEx and it was probably as tight a market as you can. So we have plenty of channels to get through in some products. Maybe we went to our second level, second tier suppliers but still good products that our customers accept. So opening up those channels actually will probably help us next year. And we feel really good about where we are with the ability to get the fleet will need to support customer demand. And if you want to call letting this natural flow of orders that kind of a little bit delayed this year coming through in Q4 as a hedge, that would be a fair way to look at a low insurance policy. But most importantly, we're doing it because we feel very good about the demand that's going to be there.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I don't like to share negotiations online but to try to be helpful, we usually tell you that 1% to 2% range, it's probably going to be a tick over that when we're all done. It will depend on what comes in and what vendors end up supporting more growth. But it's fair to say we'll be a little bit higher than that normal 1% to 2%.
Matt Flannery: It's as boring as it sounds. It's really pretty broad across the board. I would say our fluid business specifically tank business maybe has a little more room to absorb. But outside of that everybody's -- including fluid have been growing by double digits as I said. And even our most mature specialty businesses are still growing strong. So we've talked about having a lot of headroom that 21% same-store growth that's embedded within that 36% total growth, I think shows that we still have a lot of runway in our specialty business both from organic growth and as we showed this year accretive M&A.
Matt Flannery: Sure Jerry. Yeah, and I think you touched on something about the rate, which is important and we do segregate some of these really new innovative products that are electrified with historically combustible engine. But when you think about our fleet already as it is today over 20% of our fleet is electrified. And we think that will grow. I think the OEMs are doing a good job thinking about how they can continue to participate and assist because at the end of the day it's really them they are going to drive it. And once they build that scale, it will be even accepted even broader in the market once we get the economics of scale in line. With all that being said, we are piloting products right now. We've been really dealing with this as you saw we went to Tier 3 and Tier 4 and in some markets that it was faster than others. So we've been on the forefront of this. And I -- really I am pleased with the participation of the OEMs to help drive it forward. It's not a sea change yet but you really feel it building.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. I would say we feel even better about how we set our goals when we acquired the business now that we have the team on board. And I think we'd even be ahead of where we are today if there wasn't some supply chain issues. So certainly container storage containers specifically are real tight. We all see that every day. But the good news is that the customer desire and the ability for us to cross-sell is showing really strong early and looking forward to -- we're staying on track to that double in the business for five years. We feel very good about that.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So just to remind you, the real synergy here is customer support adding to our full value prop right that one-stop shop go-to-market strategy and not cost synergies. Where we are picking up productivity and helping the team is as they adopt our tools, we're seeing better productivity opportunity. The most important synergy is the growth synergy you're having access to our 2,000-plus sales force. So that's what we're focused on and not our typical cost synergies so to speak.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. If anything I would characterize it, as I did in my remarks as very broad. The areas that were the first to really pickup speed right, like, data centers technology overall, health care, logistics, specifically distribution, warehousing remains strong and the areas that were lagging are picking up, even some that were really dead as a door, now like logic. So we're seeing this -- we're seeing activity currently and forecasted that in our view with our ears on the street and our customer sentiment, doesn't necessarily guide with that non-res going down.
Matt Flannery: I think -- listen, I never will especially coming from this business and was one of those smaller with one of the smaller OEM -- I mean, independent years ago. I wouldn't negate the ability of people to flex and adjust their business. You've got a good business. And you know how to adjust people run their business appropriately. And part of that includes driving the right fleet productivity, making sure you're getting paid for your services, most importantly, giving good service. So, I think everybody will find their place. I do think the bigs, will continue to get bigger. I think there is opportunity of scale that supports consolidation, from a competitiveness perspective, but there's still a very broad range of business out there. So I don't necessarily feel -- I don't think we're going to see people taking pain that they can't absorb. And its one year still costs for remedy, some of these costs will go back down. So I think the supply/demand discipline will remain. And I think that your comments support that. I wouldn't go the next step further. It doesn't thin out the herd, so to speak. I'm not really seeing that right now.
Matt Flannery: Well, I call attractive in the eyes of the beholder, right? We've got a pretty high bar. But I do think there will be M&A activity in the industry, right? And I think you've heard that from -- and seeing that from our peers. And we think that's a good thing. As I'll say, again, we think the big is getting bigger is good. As far as the pipeline, it's pretty broad across the board, from two store mom and pops to everything above. So it's really an organic kind of moving issue that we just -- we always work the pipeline. We even worked the pipeline during COVID, quite frankly. It's just a matter of what that stuff getting through on the other side Ken. So I -- if I try to forecast it for you, I don't know how right I could be anyway, other than that we're going to work the pipeline. And we're going to only close accretive deals.
Matt Flannery: Sure. And I don't want to pat ourselves on the back, but thanks for the recognition. That's why we're always working in the pipeline, because we agree that's the skill set of integration that we've really worked hard at over the last 10 years and you can go all the way back to the roll-up in 1998. But it can't be the only way you grow. You always have to be prepared for organic growth. And how that balance comes through to me is more of an output of how you implement your strategy versus the strategy, right? We have a growth imperative. And the part that we can control is making sure we build a mechanism for organic growth. That's why we focus so much on cross-selling and our value prop. Whether those products are new introductions, because we bought them through an acquisition, or whether we acquire them from an OEM, we still have the same mindset of one-stop shop, full-value prop to the customer is going to support growth. And we view the difference between organic and acquired as an execution point, not necessarily the strategy.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. No, you characterized it right and then the -- by those skilled execution will come as those opportunities present themselves and are measured against each other. And I will say I do believe that will continue. And we usually have after any kind of disruption continued penetration of rental. So there's still opportunities for the overall market to grow.
Matt Flannery: Yes, Chad, we did pull back a little bit here in Q3, but that was more because the fleet was on rent. As I said earlier, we ran real hot this year in fleet on rent. So that would be the only reason to. We spent a lot of time and energy building this pipeline of retail sales. And you'd really have to twist my arm to get us to slow that down. It's a great way to refresh our fleet and support customer demand. So we're going to continue to do that. I don't see us changing our mindset on that. And as our fleet team proved this year in probably the tightest environment, we still can source new equipment to us to replace that fleet that's getting towards its end of its rental useful life. All that being said, in a situation that we just had -- with COVID, we still leave that headroom in our fleet age to make sure that we can react, if we do have to cut capital spend and keep fleet a little bit longer. But I don't think you want to use that headroom too early. You always want to keep it there for a rainy day. So those balances are all the reasons why we're going to keep the used sales machine running.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So first part of the question, CapEx spend has been very broad. You can imagine this last quarter of, let's call it, an unusually high Q4 is mostly the stuff that has supply chain, delays during the year and we just decided to let those POs flow, because we know they're high-demand assets. As far as – I think you were asking about the power vertical, I couldn't hear you too well. But as far as – I'm sorry go ahead.
Matt Flannery: Okay. So as far as, our Power business which is one of our mature specialty businesses as a product, but also as an end-market vertical, there continues to be growth opportunity. So therefore, if we're growing the fastest by definition, they're getting an ordinate amount of their spend to CapEx versus the size of their business, and that's continued to move forward. They've done a good job planning and sourcing as well, and supporting the demand that's out there that certainly has spurred a very strong growth for that team. So we're encouraged by what the – not just what they see ahead, but the credibility and the opportunities that they see in the past 12 months.
Matt Flannery: Courtney, I would just say that, the fleet productivity driven by absorption was really more about the baseline, right? So we were just – we had so much extra capacity coming out of COVID that the first, it was the obvious mathematically greatest opportunity. But the dynamics for driving all parts of fleet productivity to positive were there this year. It was just math. That's why you may be skewed towards one or the other. And I think that, that will remedy next year and the balance will be a little bit different. One of the reasons why we talk about it in a consolidated way is because it's an interplay of the three factors that really matter. And I think to categorize, there may be a shift from absorption to other opportunities next year is an appropriate way to look at.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Neil. So I'll take the latter first because it's pretty simple for me. We are not going to cherrypick talking about the individual components when it's in our benefit. So -- but I think that the tone of a positive environment to drive better returns through fleet productivity is the right tone. And I'm pleased to hear how our peers are talking about it. And the industry overall how it's responding. So everybody's got their own inflationary pressures and the way they're going to work through it. But I also think it's not just tied to what your cost base is it's what's the value you're bringing and what's the mix of products and services you're offering. So that one is an easy answer me. As far as the leading indicators I mean you guys all can see everything we can see except for a couple of different things. Our customer confidence index remains very strong. We have over 60% of our customers feel next year is going to be better and only 3% think that there is a potential for them to be down year-over-year. So that's a real strong sentiment. And then the feedback from the people that we have in the field whether it's the sales team, the national account team and the managers that stay very close to the business and the pipeline we talk about we have anywhere from 7 months to 12 months' visibility. And certainly recently we've been on the shorter end of that coming out of the disruption of the cycle. That hasn't changed. So I don't think we are any better than anybody else in forecasting how long the cycle is but there are no signs that say that it's going to be a short cycle. Quite contrary one of the things I'd say that could lengthen it is we're not even factoring in infrastructure bill and funding which we think will be a great opportunity for us. And if they approved it today it wouldn't manifest in 2022. It'd be something that we get 2023 and beyond. So that would be another pickup to the cycle. So I'm not seeing anything that would denote a shorter than normal cycle. Admittedly, we don't have that any more visibility anybody else into that long-term cycle. The good news is we have a business model that doesn't require it. As we've shown over the past two years we can adjust very quickly and adjust to the opportunities or not that are there for us.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and that wraps it up for today everyone. And I want to thank everyone for joining us. I want to remind you that we have two presentations to look at. When you have the opportunity our third quarter investor deck as always but in addition I mentioned our ninth annual corporate responsibility report both are linked to our website and are there for your perusal. So I appreciate the time today. And as always Ted is available to take your calls. So with that operator please end the call.
