Matt Flannery: Yes. Mike covered that we don’t necessarily have a lot of exposure to oil and gas. But I think more importantly is the fleet that we use to serve that vertical market is compatible to the rest of our fleet. So if something did change in that sector, we have robust growth throughout our network and throughout many verticals that we could move that fleet because it’s core to our offering to other verticals and other end markets. And when I talk about the breadth of our end markets, Mike mentioned that more than half of our regions had double-digit improvement in the year-over-year rent revenue. Well, we had over 30 states that had double-digit improvement in rent revenue year-over-year and 5 of our 10 provinces in Canada. And all, but four states showed year-over-year rental revenue improvement and 8 of our 10 provinces. So when we say we have broad demand, we really do have broad demand throughout our network. 
Matt Flannery: Hi Seth, this is Matt. We absolutely are continuing to push both rate and time and we feel that the demand is there to get both. We saw record realized rate in Q3 and we saw record time as we closed Q3 in September. And I’m pleased to say that that kind of demand is as we sit here today in October, we’re seeing sequential rates continuing to grow at about half a point and the time utilization gap that year-over-year which was a 1.6% positive, a 160 basis points positive in September, as of last night, we maintained that 160 basis points gap. So, we’re seeing the demand continue and we feel that rate and time are both again there for us for the taking.
Matt Flannery: Overall in aggregate, no. I think there maybe some movement within who is the number two, number three, number four players for some accounts. But as Mike had mentioned, our September growth for national accounts was almost 19%. So, that’s as high a number as we’ve had in the quarter. So we’re actually seeing our momentum pick up. Is that a slight drag on sequential rate? It can be in a quarter but we’re -- I think Bill guided properly of where we get to see rate going forward. We’ve talked about that and we think that 3% is the entry level for us and somewhere between that 3% and/or about 4.5 guidance for this year is the goals that we look for going forward.
Matt Flannery: Sure Joe. Part of what you see as far as more participation is the aggregate, right, we aggregate how many folks have been through lean as our goal to get through as many of our 12,000 employees as we can. I’d say, the bigger opportunity for us is you’ll see in that slide, I am sure you’re referring slide 21; we’ve done 141 branches but 314 branch managers. We do believe there is an opportunity for us to spread through our line management some of the lean processes and procedures as well as push out some very simple best practices that we’ve discovered during the lean projects and the kaizens that we’ve done and push them out through the broader organization. One example of that would be counter accuracy and you’ll see the term BPRO in there. That was a designed rollout as a result of findings during kaizen events at multiple branches that we felt we’d share with the broader organization and we are seeing metrics very favorable throughout kaizen and non-kaizen branches in our order accuracy because of that. And I think you’ll see us continue to work down that path in our lean management process.
Matt Flannery: I’d say no change so far is definitely the way to think about our capital plans. Unless and until we actually see a pull back from our customer base, we’re going to continue to invest. And even then, even if we saw a little bit of a pull back, we would have a debate about what does it represent and how does it impact our plan for investing in our pump business, in fact in all of our specialty businesses. It may not mean anything. If you look at National Pump through the last recession, they were on a growth path that was so aggressive that they didn’t have a downturn back in the 2009-2010 timeframe. So we would have to ask our sales, are we positioned so that we can find demand outside of a slowing oil and gas sector that to continue on the growth path and therefore justify continued investment. I don’t think that’s a ridicules path to have for the pump business or indeed most of our specialty businesses.
Matt Flannery: I think the demand is ticked up at about the same pace that most of our other core products. I think we made a little bit more consorted effort on fleet mix. And therefore we’re calling on a broader customer base in the broad base we already had.  So we continue to want to have broadened our offerings for a lot of reasons. And we think that it’s part of that opportunity. And I think that’s what you’re seeing; you’re seeing the results of that. And I think as we continue to tie our sales efforts to our fleet mix efforts, we’ll see continued growth in both scale of our other non-aerial, reach fork products, as well as returns.
Matt Flannery: Other than just to say Mike said it on every quarterly call we have the bar is high and if the bar is high for us and we’ll continue to keep that bar high.
Matt Flannery: Sure Matt. It’s pretty broad based and we have a very rigorous process when we put out growth capital. So, when you think about our capital, large portion of it is replacement. And because of the broad based opportunities we’ve seen throughout our network, we’ve been giving all of our regions the appropriate replacement capital. And then they earn growth capital based on the returns, not just the demand in the end market. Mike said earlier, we’re chasing not just growth for growth sake, but profitable growth and we do allot our capital appropriately. You can imagine where the hot pockets in the markets have been along the Gulf Coast, but we’re seeing growth in the Midwest and on the West Coast, as well as in Northeast as well. So, we’re really seeing a very broad-based growth and we’re allocating our capital appropriately.
Michael Kneeland: Well, we haven’t gone through the process and obviously we’re going to have our December meeting coming up for our investors. But the way I would look at it is what is projected today by global insight for our industry for 2014 is 8% growth. We just reported a 16% growth and I think you can get a sense of how we’re outperforming. I want to make sure everyone understands. Well, I’m not thinking about just growing for market share, I’m talking about growing for profitable growth and returns and those are the things that we’re most interested in. So again, I think that we’re performing well. I think that our specialty business clearly is outperforming the industry by a multiple. And I think you can see the power of the cross-sell that we’re actually benefiting from right here and now.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would add to that is the only thing that we saw in September is our national account did grow faster than our core business. And as I mentioned, a lot of these larger projects are coming on line.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would only add is look, we can’t be complacent. We have to continue and as I mentioned in my comments to be innovative and think about how we can enhance our value proposition to our customers. I just mentioned that we announced that we’re going to have 160,000 units by the end of next year with GPS. I guess there are other competitors who have GPS capability, they typically will put it on and charge for an extra charge. December, we’ll give you some understanding of what we intend to do with the GPS technology and how we think that we can continue to focus on improving our value proposition in comparison to the competitive environment. That’s what we’re learning and that’s our job. And I am very happy to report that the team is very active and thinking that through.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. And David on an M&A front, our principles have never, they haven’t changed one bit. They have to be strategic, it has to be accretive and you know our goal around return on invested capital and the other part would be a cultural fit. So, and it’s a pretty high hurdle and we’re very comfortable with that.
Michael Kneeland: That’s right. Just to add, that’s the process for driving the culture change that lean represents. We recognize that it is fundamental culture change, the different way of looking at your business. And we’re taking the variety of the paths to drive that culture change whether it’s direct training, whether it’s rolling out BPROs best practice rollouts whether it’s just generally talking about what lean means to an organization. We’re deploying all of those and doing it in a structured reason way to make that lean implementations stick, because that’s how we’re going to deliver the 100 million and beyond of benefits from that change in mindset. So, we’ll continue to work on it and talk about it and welcome your questions about it.
Michael Kneeland: As I say strategically on the pump business, I just want to remind everybody. It was a roughly $200 million tower volume play. It was 50% of their business in that oil and gas arena. If you recall, 6% of our business or their business is in our sweet spot and we’re almost $5 billion. So the idea was, is taking that knowledge and springing it and cross-selling it to our customer base as opposed to us going after their customer base. And that strategically we found very attractive.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. And the other thing I would say Nicole is that we are very disciplined in our approach and how we use CapEx and that will stay with the company and our belief.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. I would tell you that obviously we’ve been talking about specialty as an area of growth for us. And I’m sure we’ll talk more about that at the Investor Day. We have a keen interest in that arena. And there is a lot of areas we don’t understand. And again we look at that strategic return and cultural fit. So, all those things have to come into play. As Bill mentioned, there has been a lot of properties that have been up for sale. And we’ve looked and we’ve cash, because of the high bar, that will continue. So I would say that we’re always acquisitive and we’ll always look and we’ll try to understand and how that can benefit the company, not just in a year over time for longevity but tie it to our strategy and the return metrics that we’re looking for.
Michael Kneeland: And the other thing I would add to that is a proportion of our growth capital has gone to our specialty business. And that’s what you’re seeing the fantastic growth that they’ve been able to produce.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I mean I think if you take a look at, it goes in line with what you’re seeing, the consensus report. There are things like commercial, healthcare, power; manufacturing and multifamily are all seeing nice improvements. So those are probably be the likely areas that you’re going to see where we’re putting it. As I mentioned in my call, kind of broad-based all the multiple different types of projects; I was just recently down at a race car facility where they’re doing a major expansion. And so it’s just -- it’s very broad in general. But those will probably be the hot buttons that you can take a look at.
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Operator I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q&A. I do want to remind everyone to download our investor presentation if you haven’t already. Please give us a call in Stamford or give Fred Bratman a call, particularly if you want something to discuss or if you want to see a branch visit or go to a branch visit. Also please make note that December 04, is our Annual Investor Day in New York, we’re very excited about it and I hope you’ll attend. But if you can’t, you can join us on the webcast. So operator I think you can end the call now. Thank you.
William Plummer: Yes. I’m a simple guy, Ted, I just step back and I say, have we driven our business throughout the course of the year, rental revenue year-to-date is up 14.2%. I would guess that there aren’t a lot of rental companies that can say the same thing. And so I think we’re positioning ourselves against the overall environment and against the competitive set pretty well. That positions us well to be able to continue to do that next year.
William Plummer: Yes. We haven’t boiled it down to an expected realized dollar amount. Again, as we go through our planning process and think about what our guidance for ‘15 is going to look like, we’ll figure out what more we might want to say on that. So stay tuned.
William Plummer: Maybe I’ll start. I think we saw a very robust utilization result in the third quarter. And it’s hard for us to extend that thinking too aggressively in the fourth quarter. Obviously we’re working very hard to make sure that we get as much utilization as we can in November, December. But we haven’t really aggressively moved those utilization months up from what we thought earlier in the year. So we’re continuing to look at it. If October finish is out the way started then maybe we’ll have to revise our thinking. But right now there is nothing dramatic negative going on in the November, December timeframe that we’re protecting against or concerned about. It’s just we haven’t gotten to the point of saying, yes third quarter and October let’s goose up November, December based on those results, haven’t got there yet.
William Plummer: I think it’s important to say that the stock price isn’t really the guiding light for our decision about whether we do a repurchase and how much of a repurchase that we do. That comes out of our consideration for how to allocate our capital and our free cash flow. And we try to think about that question in longer term strategic terms. That’s what led us to the $500 million program that we’re currently on. And that’s what we would think about as we consider whether and how much of a follow-on program we could or might do. So that thinking is going on right here now. The stock price at the margin may prompt us to say let’s go a little bit faster, a little bit slower within the broad framework that we established. So in this case, the current 500 we said initially it was going to be 500 over the period extending till April of 2015. As we got into it, and so our cash will come in and so the stock price come down, we adjust it as we thought appropriate. And so tactically that’s the way we would manage any future program as well. But the program itself both existence and scale would come out of what we think our cash flow is going to look like over the long-term over the next number of years. And we’ll continue to talk about that as we sharpen our thinking about 2015 and future.
William Plummer: I think and we’ve said that next year 2015 we believe that the leverage should trend lower, so lower than the 2.9. And in fact I think I’ve said in the past, we see it toward the lower end of the 2.5 and 3.5 range that we’ve talked about. That thinking certainly would have us using our cash flow to both pay down debt, but also to finish up our current share repurchase. And we would continue to think about it that way, the leverage path that way even if we decided to do another share repurchase. Obviously that all assumes de minimis in the way of acquisitions if a significant acquisition comes along, we would reassess that path of leverage that we’d want to be on. And we talk about it at the time of announcing the acquisition, right. But our thinking right now ex acquisitions is that we’re going to trend toward the lower end of the range during 2015 and finish up toward the lower end of that range.
William Plummer: Yes, Eric. We’ve talked in the past about operating in the 70s on average throughout the course of the year. So yes, that would be a couple of 100 basis points from the full year 68.5 that we’re expecting this year. And we certainly feel like lean and some of things that we’re doing to change internally will help us get there. So that’s how we’re thinking about it broadly, is in the 70s. If you got a couple of drinks and the three of us that we all might give a slightly different number in the 70s, but it’s going to be in the 70s and that’s couple of 100 basis points north of here at least.
William Plummer: Yes. Well, certainly we feel there is justification for another $1.7 billion next year that’s our thinking right here now. Could it go a little higher than that, yes, it could go a little higher. We’re in the midst of that plan process right now. And that’s currently on the table. And I would say if the utilization trend that we’ve seen here late in the year continues right to the earlier discussion if November, December don’t fall off or indeed if they do a little bit better then I think we would have to put at least another $100 million on the table in that kind of environment. Matt’s smiling here so. Our arm wrestling match is going to continue once this call is over but that’s the range that we’re thinking about and the market certainly as we sit today, the market feels like it supports that.
William Plummer: Sure Scott. I think I touched on it. The key driver in the quarter and for outlook for the full year is the momentum that we’ve seen on collections. Our DSO performance is coming in nicely relative to what we expected. So that’s feeling more confident around the collections that we’re going to experience. And then we got greater visibility on the timing of our payables for the quarter, during third quarter and a greater visibility to what fourth quarter is going to look like. So, those were the two main drivers for the increase in guidance for this year. It sets us up nicely for next year. We have talked in the past about being north of 600 million of free cash flow during calendar 2015 and we certainly continue to feel good about that. And again, we’ll sharpen that as we finalize our plan for 2015 and report more on it either in our Investor Day or when we deliver fourth quarter earnings. So well positioned for next year to be in that north of 600 range and then beyond that ‘16 and ‘17, assuming the cycle place out, look better still.
