Matt Flannery: Sure, David. Well, the margins and returns are always going to be the first focal points in any year. But specifically, even with the demand environment that we're having right now, we pulled a little bit -- as you know, we spent a lot in Q4, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we got ahead some running start. Then we even pulled a little bit more into Q1 to feed that strong demand. Unfortunately, we don't think we're going to have that same opportunity in Q2 as the Q3 orders are just not going to be able to be pulled forward. So, it is certainly -- our suppliers are working real hard to keep pace with the orders we have. I just don't think we're going to have the opportunity to accelerate. What that does, to your point, it gives a great opportunity for us to continue to focus on returns and margins. And I think that's what our updated guidance tells you we're focused on.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So, as we talked about in January, we were going to have tailwinds on absorption/time here in Q1. And we did and we even exceeded our expectations as we talked about how this was a much different seasonal drop from a Q4 to Q1 rent revenues, then would be normal -- almost half of what normally would happen. So, that really drove that 13%. We'll lose that tailwind in Q2 through 4 here as we really got hot last year in quarters two through four. So, we'd be pleased to match that level of absorption. That leaves us full year still with a great opportunity to drive mid-single-digit fleet productivity. We don't try to forecast that, but just to help people see what's the gap between a very robust 13% and a full year number that'll probably look more like mid-single digits is really just the comps.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think it was really the whole package what we've been building to supported by robust demand, right? Let's not forget, top line growth does a lot and haven't set ourselves up to take advantage of that top line growth in a profitable way is really important. But that's not a light switch. We've been -- even though we don't talk about the components of fleet productivity individually, we certainly focus at the field level on those components on a daily -- some would say hourly basis. And we've built the tools for the team to be able to do that. So that's really what underlies it, the demand and the discipline to run the business effectively. And I'm very pleased that the industry is doing the same. Overall, I'm very pleased with the growth and the professionalism and the discipline of the industry as a whole. And I think that's what's driving these kind of margins as well as everything you know from having visited our stores, right? The processes that we've developed over many, many years, many of them embedded, if not all of them embedded and supported by technology improvements. So, really pleased.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So -- and I know it gets a role -- I'll try to be helpful because I know as we've changed fleet productivity, it's a little confusing for some. But to be very clear, nothing is slowing down. There is a comp issue that we will no longer enjoy as we got really busy last year. So, fleet productivity is a year-over-year metric. Now, we do not -- certainly don't expect -- I very rarely say certain, but I'm pretty certain we're not going to have negative fleet productivity at any point this year. That would be inconsistent with the supply-demand dynamics and everything that we've talked about. All we're stating is from the time utilization comp that we no longer have, we're going to be relying on the other two factors alone to drive fleet productivity, but there will still be significant opportunities and will probably come in somewhere around mid-single digits. That's really how we're guiding people towards its fleet. Not a slowdown in any way, shape or form.
Matt Flannery: Yes. It's pretty broad, like most of the rest. I'd say chemical and energy leading the way, oil and gas. But the point I made about industrial is, if you guys remember, pre-pandemic, right, industrial had a couple of tough choppy years. We're starting to rebound just before the pandemic, and then it all got stalled. So those are markets that were stressed. And now to see that we have 13% growth in the beginning of green shoots, I really believe specifically in some of the end markets we're focused on, like downstream, like chemical, right, they're really going to start taking off, and we think it's going to create a future tailwind next year. And that's really the point that we're making about industrial overall. Now non-res, as you all know, I mean, non-res is up 28% for us, as I said in my prepared remarks. That's been running really hot. And this is without tailwinds, all these numbers of infrastructure, which we feel is coming. And we haven't even talked about on-shoring, which is another great opportunity as the world tries to figure out how to work through supply chains. There's a lot of conversation and hopefully funding put behind that opportunity here in North America.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So, we always talk to our vendors about opportunities and challenges on both ends, including rising costs, commodities. So it theoretically makes sense. We haven't put -- seen that put into practice for us, but we'll see what it brings. I love tying costs and pricing together as long as it's two-way street, but we'll see. We're open here. We talk a lot with our partners. We haven't really delved into that specific topic with them, but it's important for us to have open dialogue on that. And theoretically, I really like the idea of tying costs and pricing that directly together.
Matt Flannery: No shifts, but I would say we always kind of thought it was going to start in '23. We're starting to hear more real planning type conversations where it's no longer just a discussion about when the funding is going to come, but people are starting to plan how they're going to activate materials, labor. So, not anything new, not anything that people don't have access to. But certainly, I'd say a louder more steady drumbeat.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I'll take the M&A part, and let's just speak to the buyback. The M&A -- probably boring for you to hear it, but it's true. The M&A pipeline remains robust. And we look at a broad spectrum of opportunities, including looking for those gems like General Finance that also would add new products to our portfolio. So, we're on the lookout. We don't have anything that's imminent right now, but the pipeline is robust, and we've had a couple of small deals that we've finalized here in Q1. And we're working the whole gamut, and we do certainly have a lean to specialty, specifically specialty that will add new product lines because using GFN as an example, it's really easy for us to grow those businesses once we put them into our network. And then Jess could speak to you on the share repurchase.
Matt Flannery: No. I don't think that you're misreading it all, Mig. I think you're dead on as far as the end market and the supply-demand dynamics. Where I think we maybe have to look at this through a different lens is, we did have a disruption technically a little bit in '15 from the time lines that you're speaking to in oil and gas and then, obviously, through COVID, but we didn't have those huge pricing declines, right? 15%, 20% declines that you had when you came out of '08, '09. So it would be normal not to have that kind of bounce back. But don't -- I don't disagree at all with your point about that we have an opportunity here to continue to focus and drive fleet productivity because of the supply-demand dynamics. It just may not be -- I wouldn't set '11, '12 as a baseline for that because there was so much recovery to get back. So -- but I think you heard from the others that report pricing is -- you've had both -- actually in the last two days, you've had both ends of that spectrum of the mid-single digits. And I think that's consistent with what the industry should be able to achieve, and we're very focused on.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So first, I'll touch on the first phase of the part about it being flat. Just remember how back-loaded that CapEx was to get to the $3 billion last year, a little bit of a misnomer. You could take whatever number you decide, would have been a normal Q4 last year. Whether it was -- we took in an additional $350 million or $400 million, that's really was a running start into this year. So you could comp those numbers differently if you wanted to. But technically, by the calendar, you're accurate. It would connote a flat year-over-year spend. There's certainly -- we certainly have more fleet than we started than that would note in this year. As far as the suppliers, I don't want to pick those guys up. They're working their tails off to keep pace with what already was high expectations of fleet. And we did a lot of planning early on so that they can even support a $3 billion CapEx year. And I just don't think it's realistic that they're going to be able to change the delivery slots right now for us to pull forward. And I said this earlier, our back half capital into the front half, which is really when it matters. Now if we decide at the end of this year that we let some more CapEx flow in Q4, maybe this number goes up, but it's not relevant to our conversation about this year's guidance. And that's why we think that the way we -- we're communicating it is accurate to -- for the expectations that we expected to live.
Matt Flannery: Not too early, right, not reliable data, but I think this has been a consistent theme of the industry where through growth funding, right, leveraging scale and consolidation. The top half of the industry continues to take more share, and we think, as we said before, the big is getting bigger is good for the industry. And I think it's proven out here in this cycle, the way that we respond to COVID and now the way that the supply-demand dynamics are being treated responsibly as well. So I don't have numbers that I would point to that are any different than what we have in our deck from last year, but I'd say the big is getting bigger is a trend that's been going on for quite some time and will continue.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I absolutely agree with you that it will be more resilient. And I think especially how much of this would be there for this work to be done, I absolutely think it would move forward in just about any environment. And as far as the fleet, we feel very comfortable. And remember that we serve -- 90% of the fleet we serve to this are the same type of assets we have already in our fleet. So they're very fungible. We can move and add as necessary. And most importantly, it's assets that our team is very comfortable supporting to the end market. And by next year, I mean, I expect, hopefully, by the end of this year, that the supply chain will be sorted out. I have no concerns about us being able to fund these projects.
Matt Flannery: So, I would say there are pockets of customers that are pulling in this direction, right? And it's usually because of where they're working, but also because they have their own goals, right, their own ESG goals and what they want to do in being a good responsible company in the world, and we want to support that. So, I'd say the OEMs are the real drivers here to help support this need and this desire, and then we're a conduit between the OEMs, but we're a conduit that's very active. And we're going to partner with OEMs and partner with customers to try new stuff. It's going to take some incremental funding that's tremendous, but moneys that we'll spend. At some point, the real viability of all this is going to be scale. And then the OEMs can build it more effectively and efficiently, and we can get the benefit of these new products and technologies into the marketplace broad-based. And I think that's -- once that happens, it won't be just a pull. It could be table stakes. So, we're excited to be part of that. And I don't know how long it's going to take, but it's good to see some movement happening, and we're going to participate aggressively in that move.
Matt Flannery: So, it is across the board, but certainly, we're going to participate in that opportunity to grow our modular footprint in mobile storage, but it's across the board. It's those -- that team. And as far as real estate, it's actually -- it depends on the product line. It's -- but it's always a challenge, but we have a team working hard on that challenge, and we're comfortable there. The last piece of fleet, it's no different than the rest of supply chain, although I'd say steel boxes are easy to get right now than anything that has engines or chips. So, we've actually, after a slow start for the modular team and when we first bought them last year, really have ramped up -- even in the back half of last year, they already started loosening up. So that team is getting fed pretty aggressively and doing a great job. And I feel the growth of our specialty will be able to be supported. I think the OEMs are working through, and we feel comfortable supporting these cold starts this year and beyond.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So as you can hear, it's an end strategy for us, right, not an old strategy on organic and acquisition. But the part that we control is the organic. So, we don't need anybody else to dance with us to do that. So we've been very aggressive with cold starts over the past few years in specialty. And specifically in the modular storage and storage business, we really have a lot of white space to grow in organically. But we're growing all of our specialties with cold starts, and we feel comfortable about that growth. We've been saying this for a while now. Power, who's one of the more established specialties still showing tremendous growth, and we think that penetration is part of the story, even for those that are moving along the maturity level of filling out their distribution points. So, we're at different levels depending on product. But all in, still have a lot of opportunity, both in filling and white space and more secular penetration with our specialty products. So, we feel good about it.
Matt Flannery: Sure. And we'll look at oil and gas in two spots, right? We'll separate the upstream and the downstream. But overall, oil and gas grew, when you just look at upstream, downstream and midstream, 19% in Q1. So, that's what we're talking about. They're showing great growth. But the area where we're even more focused on will support the upstream for the right customers. And I think you've heard us say, we'll manage how far and how hard we go with that business. But downstream is a totally different animal for us. We're inside the gates in so many of these refineries and had such long-standing strong relationships with these folks, that, that's going to be supported with all of our might. And so we're excited about that. As I said earlier, those markets have been down for a while, and to see that growing right now is really important. As far as the percentage of our business, energy, all in, is about 10% of our total revenues with, as I mentioned earlier, downstream being about half of that. So, it's -- this is a big part of our opportunity of future growth.
Matt Flannery: Sure. And that mix isn't too far off of the way that the revenues are distributed. So maybe bolstered a little bit by the fact that we were able to get stuff like containers faster, right? They're not really supply constraints there. So some of the specialty products we were able to accelerate when you look at it by the quarter. But full year, that's not too far off of how we look at how we want to fund specialty. And part of it is the cold starts, but part of it is the continued opportunity and growth opportunity they have in the network. So, it might dampen a hair from there, but not tremendously. And we're all in on supporting our specialty growth as well as our full portfolio gen rent growth.
Matt Flannery: That's a little too much secret sauce for my liking on open mic. But all kidding aside, we think that -- not anything that think we're going to share publically but we think the philosophy behind having a broader portfolio, solving more problems for customers, has been key to our strategy for many, many, many years. And we're just continuing to further that line of thinking with adding new products and a broader network. So, not metric-driven, but certainly retention-driven, and we're really pleased with the level of retention that cross-sell brings as well as growth. So, very pleased.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think for the -- what we are -- what's embedded within our guidance is what we expected for the normal seasonality in the balance of the year. So, this is really about -- and it was more than just a little bit better. It was, in 31 years, the best I've seen in Q1. So, we're now starting off a higher base and adding our normal seasonality. And that's the way we look at the year, and the trends are heading in that direction. So, I think this updated guide is appropriate.
Jessica Graziano: David, it's Jess. I'll take that one at least to start. So, we feel pretty good that as we look forward, and to your point, I mean, we haven't even started the budgeting process for 2023. But I will say as we look forward at what we believe could be another good year for us, another growth year for us in 2023. We also feel really good that we would be -- we would continue to deliver flow-through in that 50% to 60% range, right, with the setup of a very constructive top line and then the cost management that you can expect, we will continue to focus on as we go into 2023. So, I would say, from our perspective, we're confident that with the right environment, we're still delivering this kind of a strong flow-through going forward.
Jessica Graziano: Steve, it's Jess. So the first thing I'd say is the opportunity to pass some of those costs through, right, gives us that ability to absorb the increase and protect the P&L first. And then second, I would say, Matt mentioned a couple of minutes ago about the processes that we have and the technology that underscores those processes. Built within our technologies is the a fuel calculator that basically stays real time or as close to real time as possible with the changes in fuel prices that we then use as part of the equation for how we charge through delivery cost and delivery recovery. So, we're able to keep pace using technology across the network in ensuring that we're covering as much of that pass-through cost as possible.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. So, as I mentioned earlier, we're $262 million into the $1 billion program. We're going to keep buying against that program. We'll finish it this year. You can expect us to continue to buy it in our normal way, right, with pretty consistent buys over the period. And we'll definitely look to finish that program this year. What comes after that, we'll see. We'll talk to our Board, and we'll let you guys know accordingly.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Great question. Jerry, there's actually nothing discrete that we would call out that you should be thinking about as a carry-forward into the rest of the year that affected Q1 or even something that we see affecting the rest of the year.
Jessica Graziano: We're very comfortable, right, with where the leverage is right now. And as we even think about it looking forward, the priority for us from a cap allocation perspective is going to be to fund growth, right, and to have the dry powder available to be able to support M&A that makes sense for us to continue to grow the business from an inorganic perspective supporting the robust organic growth that you see us delivering this year. So our priority is going to be growth, it's going to remain growth. And we're going to want to make sure that we have that dry powder available to be able to action deals that make sense for us going forward. And we shared on a couple of calls ago, there's nothing magical about falling below 2x for any period of time. Instead, what we'll do is we'll look at what our pipeline looks like, how we can continue to supplement the growth of the business, what that cash need could and then. Again, together with our Board, talk about where there may be excess cash available with leverage in a good place, what does that look like for us to do other returns like a share repurchase program and maybe a dividend in the future. But at this point right now, we're good with continuing with the leverage range we have and keeping focus on growing this business organically and inorganically.
Jessica Graziano: And for the second part of your question, Stanley. To Matt's point, I think, we -- it's a little premature -- just a little too early yet to be able to see the full view on the return profile of these particular categories of fleet. Once we get to scale, then we'll have a better view of consistent or complementary or greater ROIC that would come from the investment in these types of categories of fleet.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. It'll carry through the year. If you think one of the biggest areas is T&E, that's something that's recovering from essentially nothing during the COVID period. So, we do expect we're going to see that through the end of the year, and that's assumed in our guidance as well. Over time, another area, kind of same phenomenon, if you will.
