Matt Flannery: Sure David, a great question. Thanks for taking a longer-term view of this because that's really how we manage and see the business. And although we have some short-term pressures when we acquire businesses that come in at lower margins, if you look over our experience of these acquired assets, and what we've done with the businesses proforma, it validates why we do M&A. We feel we can be a better owner. We could bring more value to those assets. If it drops EBITDA margin for a period of time, that's one metric. But we also are very focused and quite frankly model our M&A deals on returns. So, and our returns continue to be well above our cost of capital. So, I don't think rental margin degradation is a concern for us. We'll continue to drive fleet productivity to overcome natural inflationary costs, as well as efficiencies in our operations. And we think that's how we've taken these businesses that are in the 30s yet maintain mid-40s depending on the time of the year, the higher EBITDA margin and that's what we do. So that's a great question. And I think sometimes when people are looking at the headline, they may miss the fact that what we've done with these businesses proforma is driving more value.
Matt Flannery: We still are focused on margin expansion in the individual businesses, because some of them structurally come in a little bit differently. To your point earlier, some of the acquired assets GFN being the most recent one. As an example, that's never going to be 50% more than business, but it's going to be a heck of a good return. So, that's really more. We're saying no structural issues that we're having here to continue to focus on margin expansion.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So, without even attempting to try to give guidance in '22, I think it's clear to say we feel good about the environment. We wouldn't be leaning into this capital spending and M&A if we didn't, right, that's not just the '21 experience. And we will last some of the headwinds that we've had this year from a cost perspective, and specifically in this quarter as Jess will continue to talk through what she did in her opening remarks. But we feel good about '22, we feel good about the prospects. As I said in my opening remarks, we think we're in the early innings of the cycle here. So, we're excited about the prospects.
Matt Flannery: It's a great question, Mig. As we started focusing on this and preparing for this all the way back, if you recall, from the NES acquisition, where that added to some of our third engaging fleet experience that that team brought with it and product they brought with it, which would be played into infrastructure. And we've actually been growing our infrastructure business, really, because the demand is there, right. We all know the need is there. So, now we would view this as icing on the cake. As far as fleet profile changes I don't - I'll have to guess, let's say 80% of the fleet, that we would use to support and that we do use to support infrastructure is core fleet. So, we have very fluid fleet and very fungible fleet to support this vertical. On the boundaries, yeah, we would certainly as things started to move, buy some more attenuated trucks, buy some message boards, some infrastructure specifically. But outside of that most of what we serve that end market with is core fleet of are very fungible assets. But we feel we're really well positioned, not just talent wise, not just knowledge wise but also relationship wise. We deal with these large customers, these large civil contractors. So, we feel good that whenever the monies get released and gets passed, we'll be able to outcome our weight in that category.
Matt Flannery: Sure, and you made a great point about trench and how we would deal with that type of business. And frankly, a lot of infrastructure business, really plays into our specialty network as well. But also, our GenRent products. And when we think about emergency response, we've really built up that need certainly power and HVAC team has done a great job responding to that. But whatever the needs are our fluid solutions team has really broadened their network of customers they serve back in the day when we basically bought an oil and gas pump company. So, this type of spreading the product knowledge and breadth across our broader network and relationships, to serve these unique end markets is really, really part of the specialty strategy for us. So, thanks for giving me that softball. There certainly is really, really a great part of our growth strategy for specialty.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I'm sorry. Absolutely. That is an absolute truth. So, one that maybe we take for granted. But absolutely, it would be a higher participation trench that anywhere else.
Matt Flannery: Certainly, it's a market that we continue to get bigger. And I think you just saw where the official sponsor of NASCAR now so, we keep adding to this portfolio organically. We don't feel like aching need in the space. But we certainly organically are growing that space, have some great people associated with it that continue to grow that space. If an M&A opportunity arose that was positive, I think you always know we have a robust pipeline we look at. But it's not a strategic necessary focus, certainly an opportunity that we would we would want to uncover organically and M&A if it arose.
Matt Flannery: Well certainly GFN right. So, this is an absolute growth quite this acquisition, not a synergy play, not a consolidation play. So, that would be the most obvious area because we really think we could spread that throughout our network and fill in the blanks in their distribution points. Continued focus on penetration within our existing businesses. And someone asked earlier about specialty growth, we continue to grow specialty strong double digits. Because although we're very, very mature in some of those markets, there's still opportunity to continue to penetrate further in those spaces. And so, I would say, all of the above, and then we'll see, we're not ready yet to declare, but we'll see about some of the other opportunities that are out there. We're certainly going to fund organic growth in a very aggressive way. Because we think coming off of this disruption that we had last year, we're seeing the opportunity to refresh, get the fleet out there and continue to serve more customers.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. So we're very pleased with fleet productivity. And we have expectations for high fleet productivity in the back half. But just for clarity, that very gaudy 18% number is partially driven by the easy comp that we had in Q2. So, we don't expect to have those types of double-digit fleet productivity improvements in the back half of the year, but still significant fleet productivity improvements. A lot of the absorption opportunity was certainly the big driver here in the near term. But we think market conditions without getting into each individual component, we think the market conditions, and frankly, the industry's discipline is very favorable towards continued fleet productivity, and most importantly, the demand is there. So, we really feel good about it. And although I don't think we'll see 18% again, I do think that we'll see strong fleet productivity and that's embedded in our guidance for the back half of the year.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So, I'll pick the latter part first. I think and you see the little bit play out this - we'll see a little bit play out in Q3 as in Q2. The used metering, to use a word that characterize what you're saying, it's more about just time utilization, right, as we continue to drive, high demand and high use of our assets then they're not as available to sale. But the end market is strong there. So, I think we'll continue to fill that demand as versus a fleet, I don't think that's necessary. And on the first part, on the supply side, we've got some really good partners, some good suppliers out there. And I think they'll get their arms wrapped around the supply chain disruptions that everybody has been dealing with in every industry. But commodities probably will right size a little bit as we get to the end of this year. I'm assuming that our vendors are working, I'm not assuming I've talked to them working really hard to continue to improve any supply chain disruptions they have. So, I'm not really seeing that as a barrier to us supporting our customers next year. If it is, we'll adjust. But we're not - that's not in our calculus right now. And certainly not to age the fleet.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Ken. So, we still have a pretty big range. So, within that at the midpoint you all know about the $300 million change that we made. Although a lot of that is the Acme plate that we acquired, that we've talked about there. There's no portion of that that's just organic, but even raising that guide in April tells you that we feel good about our ability and our team's ability to source the equipment that we need to supply customers. So, we understand the noise. Maybe it's our relationships, maybe it's our scale or leverage. But we've been able to exceed when we sat here in January, what we originally expected to purchase this year. So, I think that's a good story. And I get the challenges that everybody has. But we've got what we want. Yeah, there's been some slippage. And if you ask me within a quarter, and stuff come in a few weeks later, absolutely. The team worked through it. We drove higher fleet productivity on the assets that we had. And this is part of those strong supply demand and industry dynamics that I referred to the earlier question about fleet productivity. So, nothing that's inhibited our supporting customers. But something we'll continue to talk to our suppliers that how can we help them help us. And that's how we'll look at it going forward.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, it's a little bit early for us. We're not in that planning process. But as far as the more strategic part of the conversation, our suppliers know us pretty well. They have a good idea what categories returning, they have enough information to know what kind of fleets coming out of what we call rental useful life, or RUL as we refer to. So, they've got a pretty good idea. And then it's just a growth bet. How much outside of your replacement of your rental useful life assets are you going to add? So, 70% of the answers there already, maybe more in some years if you're not growing a lot. So, we'll get through the planning process. See how we work through this year. But we don't see a need to actually lock in deals with who's which vendor is going to supply what, so fourth quarter like we normally do. And they all certainly are much more keen to watch the opportunities and our fleet team discusses that with them every week.
Matt Flannery: Yes, certainly. So, two totally different scenarios, right, Franklin's kind of a scrambled egg and with the rest of the business already. So, we're not even looking at standalone. Great acquisition, by the way. I went visited some of the folks in the last two weeks and pleased with the facilities, quality team and everything. So, they're all United right now. And they're working hand in hand with the stores that we already had in that market. GFN just converting them this weekend. Right. So, we're going to convert them get them on our system this weekend. Dale and I attended a management meeting they had last week at the Meet the Team, so 100 of my new best friends. And it was we were really impressed with the quality. And they're excited about moving forward. But it's too early to try to accelerate the timing one way or another. But I would say they're excited about the growth prospects, they're excited about the opportunity to get more fleets serve more customers. So, the growth play is still very much in our sights. But a month in here, and then not even on the system yet would be premature for us to already ramp up the speed on them externally. Internally, maybe if we told them about growth, growth, growth like 10 times last week.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So that it's not mischaracterized. And this maybe I'm assuming this question is coming from the Acme acquisition.
Matt Flannery: We're not necessarily buying those assets to re-rent them. We do re-rents every once in a while. And we do re-rent for people every once in a while. But this was really us buying these assets, because they were available. And they really fit into our profile of the customers and the projects that we serve.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thanks. So, a couple of questions there. So, I'll break down the stuff about the Acme to clear up any misunderstanding. So, within that $300 million of gross CapEx improvement, anywhere from $200 million to $250 million of that we've been telling people are going to be the Acme assets. The reason why that's not a definitive number is we are going to buy these throughout the rest of the year. Those assets, a lot of them that we don't have right now came off or have to come off rents from where they are to be serviced and delivered to us in rent ready, good condition. And if they're not, we won't buy them. So, where that ends up? We'll know a lot more than we all talk at the end of October. By then hopefully, we're primarily done. But because this is so back half loaded on the receipt of these assets, that's why you wouldn't see the normal correlating CapEx acquisition revenue impact that you'd see, let's say if we brought them in the second quarter. So, I think that's what was referred to there. And that opportunity came organically. We've had a relationship with them for many, many, many years. And they're changing their model. And we saw it as an opportunity to buy assets that fit our profile very well. So, that's how that came up. Your second question, I call it a build versus buy conversation. We absolutely have a dual pronged approach watch strategy. As you know, M&A has been a big part of our business, I would even call the Franklin acquisition part of a build versus buy. We thought we had opportunity to do a better job in the market they were operating in, and there was an opportunity to happen to do that one, an acquisition versus cold starts. But we're not going to wait just for the perfect deal to come along for us to have organic growth plans, whether it's a specialty or markets where we think we have more opportunities within the overall portfolio in GenRent. So, it's an analysis we do. It's part of our pipeline that go verse by conversation, and we'll continue to look at it that way.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I would say the ladder for the delivery cost rates is such quick ramp up of the business, when you look at it on a year over year perspective. What's your question about utilization, we've always run higher utilization, and we're not sharing the individual components anymore? But from when we did, you all know that we've always given higher utilization. That's part of what scale gives us. So, we expect that. We continue to drive for that. And you don't see a correlating higher RNN so, that would be an area where you'd say you're maybe getting dilutive impact of running high utilization. We're not seeing that. And I think we will continue to reinvent ourselves, get more efficiencies out of our business that scale may give us options that haven't existed before to help continue to drive utilization. Because that's a big component of fleet productive.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I wouldn't say that this a cost play. I think it's about giving the customers the avenues to communicate with you that they prefer, right? So, and I've been very clear about that strategically that we want to engage the customer the way they want to engage. It's still not a big part of our revenue work to be fair, a big part of the industry's revenue, but it's continuing to grow. I think, more importantly, specifically, for the leader in the industry, you have to have that option available for the customer. And I will say the more and more that engaged with it. And a little bit of that ramped up during COVID, the more opportunity for growth there. I also think it's the information that some folks want to access information of their own time and their own way. And I think that's where the digital connections with customers really play out. Even more than just the acquisition. The acquisition is only a piece of the digital engagement with the customer. Getting them a real time information, getting them access information, they haven't had. I think, probably longer term, the more valuable customer experience than just the acquisition opportunity.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, you're singing my tune here. Scott, I think as far as insourcing, which was we talked about a lot last year during COVID, keeping our people working, showed us the opportunity. Now admittedly, the ramp up came really quick. And now that we're in the peak season, outside services were necessary. But longer term, I view this as an opportunity for us. The recruiting drivers is probably the one area and not just for our industry, I think my trash pickup was late last month, because they didn't have driver pickup. It's a problem for everybody. It's not going to be forever. So longer term, I think this is an opportunity for us to continue to drive even more efficiency in our business by insourcing things that we were doing. As far as the labor market and overall, we're doing pretty well outside of being able to hire more drivers and even get trucks fast enough, I would say the rest of our labor situation we feel really good about. Part of it is our low turnover. So, we're not having to replace as many as if we had had higher turnover. And frankly, part of it is decision we made to not do layoffs. So, thank goodness, we didn't do that. Because it'd be really tough right now, if we had mass layoffs during COVID. And then still had to support this level of activity. So, I feel really good about the way we've managed through it, but still opportunity to insource in the future. And we've been talking about that a lot strategically here, internal.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us. And I'm sure you can hear and you can see we're full steam ahead in a favorable market. And our Q2 Investor deck reflects our recent expansion. So, please download it from the website. And feel free to reach out to Ted if you have any other questions. Look forward to talking to you soon. Stay safe and operator you can end the call.
Jessica Graziano: And if I can add one thing, David, good morning, is that to the earlier part of your question, there is no structural change in the way that we're managing the business and we're looking at the business longer term, and we're thinking about the continued margin that we believe we'll be able to generate going forward.
Jessica Graziano: Sure, it's a little too early for us to start to applying on any kind of guide numerically of where we think some of those expenses are going to go as far as how the bonus will play through next year compared to this year. And even what the inflation environment is going to look like next year. I think it's anybody's guess right now as to if they'll still be pressure in delivery, could there be pressure in other places? I think the takeaway for us is we're going to continue to respond to the way we have in looking to pass through and mitigate some of the inflation pressures that we're seeing right now, particularly in delivery. And just as we even think about where other pressures could come from, in looking to how the business will be able to respond to continue to drive the kind of profitability that we can across the business. So, it's too early for more specifics than that. But I can tell you, we're going to continue to be focused on through the planning process, looking at all of those inputs, and managing them appropriately.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Mig good morning. So, let me start with the third and fourth quarter. And actually, I'll take it from the perspective of the back half. We'll talk about the phasing in a second. But just to give a little bit of color behind what's implied and I'll start with my normal call out not to anchor to the midpoint here, but let me let me use the midpoint just to give some color behind those, the bonus dynamic and even some of the acquisition impacts that we'll have in the back half. So, if I use the margin at the midpoint, the back half implied margin would be down about 120 basis points for us. And that's going to generate flow through again, a midpoint of about 39%. So, think about margins 46.2%. Now, that bonus headwind is going to continue for us more so in the third quarter than in the fourth, as we think about the comp to last year where the bonus was, I'll call it abnormally low, just lower than normal. So, if you think about that bonus headwind as well, as the anticipated headwinds in flow through and margin that we get from the acquisition activity, that margin goes from down 120 basis points to 40 basis points, or margin implied in the back half at midpoint of 47.8% from 46.2%. Flow through in that at the midpoint about 50% adjusting for those two items. So those obviously will be an impact for us. And as you mentioned, the quarterly dynamic will play out, if you just think about the comp we have against the belt tightening that we did last year, the third quarter will have more flow through pressure than you'll see in the fourth. And then the other thing I just want to mention is third quarter just to be helpful in the modeling is, third quarter last year, we had $20 million of one-time benefits from insurance recoveries. And absolutely not expected to repeat.
Jessica Graziano: Yes, I think that's definitely fair. And, I'd be remiss not to point to the 2021 dynamic is one that in part is because of the comp to 2020. If you think about sort of the normal course in 2022, it gets back to us. Our comments about there's no real structural change in the way we're planning to run the business in '22.
Jessica Graziano: Sure, good morning. So, I can tell you we are doing the system integration in North America for General Finance this weekend. And that's a great step towards continuing to leverage the United Rentals tools and support the growth and the opportunities and the efficiencies that we can share with that business as they grow. Obviously, as Matt mentioned, with this being the growth play, we're going to look for every opportunity we can to grow as productively and as efficiently as we can. And to work through how the extension of those branches. If you think about part of the growth that we talked about was cross sell with the existing United business. But the other part of the growth was to expand that business into more MSA is where they currently aren't, right, that's an opportunity for us to leverage the efficiencies and the productivities that we have now in our branches as we continue to support those geographic extensions for them. So, we still feel very comfortable with our original thesis of getting those margins up to be closer to where that business and the peers in that business operate. And again, very excited about looking under the hood over the last month and a half very excited about getting that going as soon as possible.
Jessica Graziano: So, in that back half as I record earlier, Chad, there's about $45 million of a year over year headwind that's coming from the bonus.
Jessica Graziano: The way that will save just based off the comp from last year is there'll be a little bit more in the third than in the fourth.
