Matthew Flannery: Sure, so I think you might have seen it in the release last night, but you could see both from a year-over-year perspective and a sequential perspective, the negative tempered some as we went through the quarter and we find that encouraging when you combine that with the time utilization that we achieved and we believe that the industry is seeing a similar progression and it maybe not the same relevant number, but a similar progression all that points to the opportunity for us to be able to realize rate improvement in the back half of the year. Now that improvement, first we have to start with sequential. We are not sure that the slow first start would allow us to get to positive rate on a year-over-year basis. But if you wanted the model what that would take and we're not forecasting, it would be a healthy half a point sequential improvement through our peak months of May through October. So that it would take to get flat. We don't know if that's there or not, but I think the point we really wanted to get across is the demand is there, which is very, very strong and it's really about if this absorption continues and the industry continues to see the opportunity we are hopeful that will realize itself in the better rate performance than we had in Q1. Q1 was certainly a little softer than we had expected.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Dave, this is Matt. For your first part of your question, if we had pulled Canada out, our 1.4 year-over-year rate decline would have been 1.0, so closer to normal, what we had expected in Q1. And as far as region, I won’t guess specific regions, but we had a couple of regions that were positive year-over-year rate in Q1 and really not many of them were planned to be positive in Q1 because that's a seasonal trough. The challenge came in some of the markets, there were a handful of markets that we're just drag this down and we – it's very – it's identifiable areas that we think seasonally we can help them improve if not we’re going to move flight out of there into the markets that can support, the environment can support a better result.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Again, we've gotten out of the business of speculating too much about what rates could be, what I would say is that Canada – certainly we're encouraged by the strength that we're seeing in the eastern part of country, the flattening of what we've seen in the western part of the country, right, we believe it's trough. And so that will encourage improved rate performance in Canada. But when you're down over 5% in the first quarter, you've got some work to do in order to flatten later in the year. So I'd just suggested that we talk about as we go through the year.
Matthew Flannery: So embedded in the updated guidance that we just gave including NES is how we see this will play out for this year. And then from there we probably will hold until we absorb a lot of the opportunities and challenges and give you more information maybe in the next quarter. The $195 million EBITDA that we gave out as the thesis for the deal still stands firm in our minds.
Matthew Flannery: Well, I actually think the industry has done a pretty good job on the absorption and not bringing the fleet to quickly. If that continues, that's why you'll hear on more positive tone on us about the forward look as opposed to what we experienced in Q1. So I'm not worried about that. And I mean we spoke about it. Demand is what we think is going to drive this thing. I don’t know Bill if you have anything to add.
Matthew Flannery: It depends on the market in the markets where we're seeing the demand being the strongest and our performance being stronger. We're seeing similar behavior by most of our competitors. And in the markets where it's a challenge and we're not able to get what we want, I’d say it's exacerbated by the other folks that are living through that same reality. So it's not really too different from what we've experienced in the past, the difference that we feel this year versus let's say last year is the demand is much stronger. This feels like a much different although numerically, you can look at sequentials and talk [yourself into] it similar, this feels much different coming out of this Q1, coming out of Q1 last year and I don't imagine that same dynamics not playing through for our competitors. I think it is. I think they probably feel much better coming out of Q1 this year as well.
William Plummer: Let me just add one factual point, I don’t think everybody has the progression of year-over-year, we didn't put in our investor deck, so January, year-over-year was minus 1.8, February was minus 1.5, March was minus 0.9, and so that progression along with the sequential progression I think is sort of evidence that we think the absorption will help move us in the right direction and supports the comments that Matt made.
William Plummer: Yes. We'll talk about that more when we got the data at the second quarter. I don't think it's any surprise to say that when we add NES rates, we will be adding rates that are below sort of the rate level that United Rentals has historically achieved. So that will have an impact of adding lower rates on that portion of the business, but the impact we believe will lessen, as we gradually manage rates in the way that we overall manage rates at United Rentals. So we'll talk more about the impact there to the extent that we can't once we've got the actual data in front of us, but it will be at lower rates and then migrate those rates in the way that we normally would manage them from there.
William Plummer: Yes. There has been some strategies that we've employed, some that have been used in the past, some new and like always it's disseminating that information all the way down to the field network and I think we've done that effectively. I think that was frankly started mid-February which when we saw January come softer that's where you saw the trend start to turn.
William Plummer: Joe, I think you hit on early on, when you said the rate is a leading indicator, it’s not – the time utilization excuse me is a leading indicator. And I think that we're seeing, you just have to remember the seasonal drop that we spoke about. We have to go back all away to 2014, where we didn't have negative sequential rate in Q1 and even then they were fairly close to flat, when I remember looking at them last time. So it's part of it seasonal and we are really encouraged by the leading indicator that you pointed to a time utilization be enough or should help us ramp up.
William Plummer: Yes, when you look at the 7% growth obviously any offsets to some of the verticals and industrial that that might have depth and some one that might have call flat overall, really the non-res market pick it up strong and that really help drive that 7% volume growth.
William Plummer: So the $200 million run rate is going to be a net number. We do have to put some cost into the business in order to achieve some of the initiatives that we do, but when we talk about that run rate achievement, it's going to be the net. So for example, if we're focusing on another service line to our customers, customer equipment – servicing customer equipment is one example. You got to have service tax able to do the work. So that's an example of the expense that will come in, but the net impact is what we're tracking in that $200 million.
William Plummer: So for the win I think, well, first to be exclusive the $200 million is the end of 2018 run rate, that's how we're stating the impact of the program overall, but you'll start to see impacts as we go through 2017, and it will be weighted a little bit more heavily in 2018 than it is in 2017, but you'll start to see some impacts later this year and those impacts should show in a variety of areas. A number of the initiatives are revenue driven and so you would see the impact in topline, but we do have initiatives. For example, we've got a G&A focused initiatives that is pure cost that would show up in SG&A and have others that are mix of revenue and costs. So, I think it would be best – let us get more data out there and then we can talk a little bit more specifically about where to see the impact. And that will come later this year as we get the reporting package defined in the way that we feel confidence talking about externally.
William Plummer: Yes, I think if we had a flat rate environment, I think we could be in the neighborhood of 60%, it requires us to be able to do some other things in the business that improved productivity. But I think we've be within hailing distance of 60% just with pure flat rate. So still feel that there are opportunities in the business to do that especially you would have to have a business growing for example. Right, you can't say that when the business is declining. You would have to have some productivity focused initiatives, you can't just rest on your laurels and say 50% is going to fall in your lap, but flat rate gets us in the neighborhood.
William Plummer: So I think a reasonable range to think about for NES cost synergies realized this year is in that $10 million to $15 million range. So the range that we've given should encompass that kind of range on cost synergies.
William Plummer: It's more – you'll see variance by geography more than by account type. I think that’s I have been pointing it to earlier. So when you look across the account type along the whole network, it's fairly similar by whether it's our national signed or we call territory accounts.
Michael Kneeland: I think additionally Tim to Bill’s comments is the opportunity to cross sell into that customer base, it can help defray some of the separation and just putting the tools, as Bill said in the hands of the employees to be able to have a broader offering to sell the customers would be very healthy.
Michael Kneeland: Not as of yet David, it's still early days to make that decision. Certainly, as Matt said, we're looking at where that CapEx goes once we spend it. But we haven't yet got to the point of saying we need to make a significant change in the timing of the CapEx. We're going to monitor that very closely. This month, next month are important month, so I would say stay tune and we can talk about in more detail in the second quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, David. This is Mike. I would just tell you that we don't rest. We continually do learn through our analytics on ways in which we become better and how we manage, how we can communicate that throughout the organization. So it is still – we'll always be whatever always hoping and looking at ways to improve it.
Michael Kneeland: Joe, this is Mike. I've always said that throughout my career that when you see these prices improve is step one and then as you look at utilization. And as Matt mentioned about the absorption of the fleet, we all so secret that when we went to the oil and the surrounding markets – surrounding our market that was a surplus of fleet, that is being absorbed. And then as the industry begins to achieve better performance on utilization, it's confidence towards rate. Throughout my career I've seen that. Is there any given cadence. It's not a science, it's just something that happens that I have experienced and that's kind of what gives us some confidence based on the demand that we're seeing and how our employees who are straight on the field as well as our customers, the optimism they have for the remainder of this year into next.
Michael Kneeland: Well, again it goes back to the absorption and time utilization, they start to see it, number one, if you take a look at where we are the sequential this year versus last year, albeit some a disappointing, it still improvement. The time utilization is one that gives us better confidence and as we talk to David, the rate impact in Canada 5.3%. Canada is on secret that as bought more commodities driven economy suffered during last year and started the level off and seeing time utilization improve there as well at the same time inflection of the rate I would say that there is opportunity as we go forward. Again it's building a confidence with inside the industry by utilizing the fleet that they have.
Michael Kneeland: I think within Industrial, I think we're still at the point of looking at the timing of some of the downstream oil and gas, turnarounds that may have been postponed. So I wouldn't point to improvement there just yet, but in other Industrial segments. I think there are pockets that you can look at that it felt on a little better than they had in the past. So we continue to see some aerospace related for example and they’re probably some other pockets, but that we could call out there going to be important and try to be even talk in the same time, which is never a good thing. But for example, paper and forest products is – power is one that, but I'd like to pharmaceuticals, biotech we've actually had couple of industrial manufacturing oriented businesses that have done better. So a little bit of green shoots in some of the industrial areas, but it hasn't developed into a powerful way just yet.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, so what I get just a couple of pieces out. So the $16 million if I recall year-over-year increase. Within that I called out the $3 million bonus and in addition to that, there was 7 million of stock compensation expense increase separate apart from the bonus that the cash bonus that we pay out. And again that $7 million reflects the change in accounting guidance about how the stock compensation expense is treated. But it also reflects, primarily reflects the fact that our stock price went up tremendous amount in quarter and so that increase shows up as stock compensation expense in the quarter. Now it comes out of adjusted EBITDA, it's wide and called out as a component of year-over-year change in adjusted EBITDA, but it was about $7 million of the $15 million, $16 million increase that we saw in the quarter. The other $4million, $5 million or so were really timing items among pro fees, T&E and some other in this and that, but those are the big jump.
Michael Kneeland: It's more lumpy in 1Q just because of the timing of when our stock compensation awards are made and when they vest, you have to adjust for the stock price at that point, at the vesting point. So the bulk of that $7 million impact will be in the first quarter, been this and that as we go through the rest of the year just based on other awards that are granted, yes, that's going to be the biggest jump.
Michael Kneeland: I would just say that in the revenue side, certainly you could see from more commentary that it’s more back loaded. It will take more time to cross sell into the customers. The first step is to stabilize the customers, make those that have any overlap with us, feel comfortable that they don't need a second supplier and then after that we'll start selling our additional product offerings to the team. So that's why you'll see the revenue synergies be more back loaded.
Michael Kneeland: We may get some lift from it. We may even get some lift from product mix, which is a continued focus of ours as you see through our specialty growth. But I would say the big driver here is the basic blocking and it’s not tackling of selling the full product offering in the demand gives us that opportunity. So demand will be a big one that will move that and we really feel good about that.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, hard to guide you at precise level here is that on the bonus accrual I think the answer. I said that it will be expanding as we go forward. I think we said in the first quarter that the full-year impact if we finish this year at 100% payout over last year would be $27 billion if I remember correctly. And so we got three of that in the first quarter. So I think if you started out just saying, okay the remaining $24 million will come equally over the next three quarters that will give you at least a starting point on that line. Stock compensation expense, we talked about that being heavily focused on first quarter, so you might just assume a smaller amount in subsequent quarters. The timing items pro fees, T&E and some others, it's hard to figure out how to give you much guidance on what to do with those items as we go through the year because there will be some impacts on Project XL probably not huge, but some. And it certainly is something that's hard to figure out how to give you more guidance. All of that's embedded in our guidance overall, the total Company guidance that I understand your question is being more focused on the particular line of SG&A and maybe some other particular line.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, get through more of the integration will come back to as we get probably, I’ve talked about this, so I'm living dangerously right now, but probably get through the second quarter and it's sort of in the third quarter when we can reengage the discussion. I think that will give us a good four months of seeing how the integrations going and making sure that it's played out the way we thought getting a better handle on how cash flows evolving this year and then we'll consider it and decide whether we want to do something where we want to wait a little longer.
Michael Kneeland: I think if you look at the full-year, we still think that we'll be somewhere in that 37%, 38% tax rate. So it will be more of an impact in the first quarter than it will over the remainder of the year.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Justin, this is Mike. I am going to ask Ted to start – answer part of your question, and we are going to ask Matt, so Ted.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. We look forward to speaking you again when we ramp up the second quarter. In the meantime, feel free to reach us to Ted Grace, Head of IR to ask any questions or feedback and as always, as you pointed out our Investor deck has been posted out on the Internet. So thank you very much and we can end the call. See you next second quarter.
