Matt Flannery: David, this is Matt. How are you doing? As you know, we don't give inter-quarter guidance and even though it may be in our favor at some times, we still try to keep that. All I would say is, we are very thoughtful and confident about the guidance that we gave here and here we are a couple of weeks into the quarter. So, you can extrapolate from that what you think. More importantly, the disruption that we did see, primarily not getting the builds we expected at the end of the quarter in June, we have identified the opportunities to remediate, to repair that. And the change in guidance as Jess said, is really a reflection of where we're starting the second half with the OEC on rent as opposed to any kind of change in the way that we review in the back half of the year. And hopefully that answers your question.
Matt Flannery: Sure. There is a couple of things that we have done. So first half in the markets that were impacted and we talk a little bit -- we took a look at data and we realized that there were some third of markets that has multiple integrations they have been working over the last couple of years. So, what that means to us, there is a lot internal focus where you are re-aligning territories, merging branches, making sure you're protecting the revenue that you acquired which you think done a great job of. We are a little less externally focused on driving new opportunities, new revenue. So, we've repaired that in those markets where that is an issue. We have set the specialty team who continues to show robust growth, more capital and there has been some markets within -- whether they are integration related or not, impact or not, that have been showing solid growth. So, we shifted the capital a little bit. Overall, we had 13 of our 15 -- even within these headwinds we had 13 of our 15 regions -- geographic regions show positive growth in Q2. So this was more of maybe our expectations of how quickly we were going to move through the fleet, weren't set right or maybe we executed a little softer than we wanted. Either way the remediation is what I'm talking about and what we're focused on. And we feel good that our sales pipelines, the fleet sizes and the appropriate markets are where they need to be for us to deliver the second half.
Matt Flannery: Great. structural changes are all done. Sell territories are all done. Customer merges, organizations are all done. So all the structural work is done. Now it's just turning the focus at, how good we’re focused after doing all that heavy lifting. And so all -- there's no more distractions. Team is on-board, projects are starting up where we expected to start up and that's what gives us the confidence for this time.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I don't want to comment on competitors’ numbers. But you could imagine, I think one reported in April, they were down 1 percentage point. You could imagine the project delays had some temporary impact on utilization for some companies, if they were operating in those impacted areas. So I would expect that, I don't know it for certain. What I can say is if it was extreme, or if it was something that was a bigger concern, we would not have been able -- I don't feel we would have been able to achieve that rate of improvement that we did. And I don't think the industry's rates would be showing up for our rental that we had. It looks like the industry is doing a good job of managing rates. So maybe a little bit wrong. I just don't -- I don't have the details to speak to it. 
Matt Flannery: Sure, as you know, a largest proportion of -- extremely large portion of our fleet will be aerial related right, and we sports in that category, where we're over 50%. So that's a good part of our used sales. Pricing held up very strong there. I think the only place where you heard any dampen is surprising at auctions, which is not a channel we utilize, was on some of the large [share]. I don't know what drove that but that didn't impact us whatsoever. We're seeing across the board, that 2.5% that Jess quoted, remember is like-assets to like-asset and we see it as a very robust used sales of end market and we think that points to the demand that we still see in the market place. I think our channel mix gives us an advantage over maybe others in the industry where we’re very focused on retail and that certainly gives us a higher margin achievement. 
Matt Flannery: Sure the regions where we had -- where we didn’t get the growth and they didn’t fall off quickly, they just didn’t get year-over-year growth, were impacted by both weather and integration. So think about the Gulf States down there where we had a lot of concentration of acquisitions over the past couple of years and they really acted hard with weather.  I think their job starts should look good, there is still a lot of work on the books. We didn’t -- as I pointed to you in my comments we didn’t see or hear cancellations which that would be a different vibe for us if we were hearing that, we didn’t see that. So I think those folks are drying out and they’ll get back on track for the back half of the year. 
Matt Flannery: Sure Steven. Yes we absolutely feel that fleet productivity will get that to over 1.5 in the third quarter that’s what our expectation is, that’s what we’re driving to. When I look at components of fleet productivity as we’ve always said rate and time are always going to be big drivers. Rate was a good guy this quarter and we feel really good about the rate performance. Mix was as expected. And it was -- we have probably spent a lot of our time both in our prepared remarks and here on the call talking about the time view and we feel once we get that in order we’ll see the fleet productivity that we’d like to target. 
Matt Flannery: Yes we’re not concerned about AWP overcapacity in the market broadly overall. When you think about where we’re not absorbing the BlueLine fleet as fast as we want in the few of those impacted markets, you can imagine the fleet that they haven’t absorbed is priced, BlueLine was 70% aerial. So there are some excess we have in stores but we don’t view this as a macro issue. We don’t take AWP as a whole is -- and we’re still growing our AWP as a company so we don’t think AWP as a whole is a problem for the industry.
Matt Flannery: I think it's a continuation of a strong end market and demand that's driving that rate. I think industry discipline gives credit to others not just us. Industry discipline has so much improved in this cycle from the last cycle. And I think those are two big factors. And I also think that growing the time -- the time utilization were down because of demand than may be you would see a different issue. We don't feel our time as we've talked about a last year is a result of the demand. We've figured a little of delays and then $1.5 billion of fleet in November from our BlueLine acquisition. That wouldn't be a normal cadence that we would do. So, we think it's a result of the timing of the integration and working that through the system than any kind of demand issue and so they really are interplaying as normal because the time was not caused by lack of demand.
Matt Flannery: We're doing fine overall in energy, but when you think about upstream, so, we have been saying for the past couple of quarters that every vertical we track are showing positive growth. The upstream -- the rig count in the upstream throughout the first half of the year, I think rig count from January 1 to the end of June is down about 9%. So, we track very closely for that. So, we did see a decline similar to that in our upstream business. Remind everybody that's still less than 5% of our overall business. But to counter that in energy, our refining business, our downstream business is still very strong, still seeing growth in midstream. So, overall energy is okay, upstream did have a little drop in the rig recount which impacted revenues a little bit.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Joe. So, when we think about that 2.2 pro forma reduction, it's about half of it that we had modeled in and we knew what's going to take some time to work some of these fleet through the system. As I said, we wouldn't have brought in $1.5 billion worth of fleet in November in a normal case. So, about half of that was expected, half of it unexpected. And when we think about that unexpected, we did a deep dive on some analysis of where we either needed and couple was dependent on the market, right, so, we did a market-by-market deep dive. In some markets, we weren't getting enough new business in the pipeline. So, we have been addressing that. We load opportunities in our CRM. This is just normal operational blocking and tackling. In some other markets, it was more about sales coverage. We needed to add sales reps, we addressed that. So nothing magical, just normal operational work that we did. And maybe our expectations are this large deal -- largest deal we've done in quite a while of working through this quickly, maybe our expectations were off, I don't know. But either way, the tactics that we're taking through repair are the same that we would have done regardless. 
Matt Flannery: Yes, absolutely. So I put that in the expected portion. So where we did expect that capital that we normally would have put in those markets as they absorb the acquired capital, we put into other markets. Where specialty has gotten more capital throughout the year, they continue to use that well. We've had a couple of geographic regions pick up the pace, and they got a couple of -- a little bit more capital. The cut to the top end of our capital was directly correlated to that other 1% that was unexpected. So if you think about, we just had latent capacity that match that $150 million that we cut off the top, and we just thought it was prudent to use that. But it doesn't change the slope of our growth in the back half of the year, if you're following me just the starting point. We just thought was prudent to not spend the capital on that, let the team use the adornment capital to fill that that demand that we expect in the back half of the year. 
Matt Flannery: No, no, we always model some leakage I will say right, in every deal that we've ever done, sure. I think the challenge on this one was that we had your seasonal churn, which is natural, when you go out do integrations as you get into the winter. And then some integration churn and a few of these markets just didn't fill the top of the funnel, so to speak, didn’t backfill that fast enough. But this churn is just natural. We model in every integration we do. But nothing extraordinary, nothing outside of what we expected. 
Matt Flannery: So we were never very good at forecasting rate in time. So we stopped doing that a couple years ago. So now I'm going to try to forecast the interplay of rate, time and mix. I can say that what we see in the repairs of markets that we’re challenged and then the growth of markets that we fed more fleet to, make us feel comfortable that our target of 1.5 is in play. We don't want to get into the business. We’re starting to forecast because then I’d remind you about forecast rate and time to the 10 bps and we don’t want to do that. But I think more a color of the demand environment, the reparations to the sort of markets where we had challenges, we feel good about where we’re trending and that’s why we gave the guidance that we gave today or last night. 
Matt Flannery: Yes that’s -- if you messed around with the midpoint of our guidance it wouldn’t come out with that implication but we’re not going to -- we don’t want to forecast any number.
Matt Flannery: As we’ve talked about before we have a lot of flexibility in our capital spend. We’re very aligned with our partners and that’s what’s allowed us to make this trim relatively easy. It’s not on our calculus right now to go lower than the range that we’re in. We want to reiterate we feel good about the demand environment and the opportunities that are there. So once we absorb the extra 1% that we didn’t expect and then work the rest of the fleet through our system we think this is the right capital allocation for the end market that we’ll be working in for the rest of the year.  So is the opportunity there in a different environment? Yes, but I don’t want you to take away that that’s where we’re headed to. 
Matt Flannery: As Jess mentioned, we haven't started our 2020 planning process. But when you look at even the contracted backlog out nine months right, so there is still work there. When you look at, construction employment numbers, I think highest of all time. You look at other indicators including our Customer Confidence Index and the feedback from our 1,200 locations out in the field, the managers and sales reps that get paid to do this every day, we feel good about the end markets. How much that plays in and where that ends in 2020, we will spend a lot of time in the fall taking a look at and obviously that will influence our guidance. But, we do feel good about the end markets.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Scott. It’s pretty consistent with the way our thoughts have been. We talked about at the end of Q1. We're in much more of a absorbing leverage mode in the generic business as you could see, we’ve spent a lot of time talking about that today. But we certainly have a length perspective to see. If the rights deal comes up, we're very, very interested in any kind of specialty acquisition that can meet our threshold, right, very high bar both culturally, strategically and most importantly financially. But we really like to space. And if we can get some new products, or build out of a footprint that we think would be more efficient for us to do it through M&A versus an add back to the organic growth we're showing, I would say that's where our lean would be. Internationally, we're still moving very slow. We have got a great team that's there. We are international. Now with 11 stores, we got the Baker acquisition, they're doing a great job. But we're going to continue to take a watch and learn mode before we go dive deep into the pool. And we'll update folks once we feel that there's a pivot from that position.
Matt Flannery: Yes, we saw double-digit growth in cross selling, still strong performance. I think that's one of the areas we could pick up as part of the revenue opportunity that we have. We've got obviously some new reps teams that weren't as familiar with the full offering. And that's part of the training that we've been focused on here in the past quarter, to get folks trained on what the full value prop that we have as we've added new players to the team, whether they would be just growth or through M&A. 
Matt Flannery: Yes, there's not a big for the additional three cold starts, it’s not big trade in fact but we did increase specialty as a whole number. And then obviously, as a percentage, because none of the -- none of us regardless of where we end up in that range is going to come out of specialty, we actually upped their CapEx for the full year, based on the growth that they have shown.
Matt Flannery: Okay. Yes, the ongoing, we have a very broad and deep curriculum of training for both new employees and for higher level sales professionals. So we have a training tailored to them all. I would just say that part of the part of the biggest opportunity that folks new to the organization, even though if they were in the business before is the breadth of products that you have to sell and how do you use that. In the product specialist we have to solve more problems of your customers to get more share of wallet, deeper penetration. That's more of what our focus is on a go forward basis. And as part of why we continue as you brought up the first question, strength in cross sell and growth in our specialty business.
Matt Flannery: Yes these are all annual contracts other than when you use three bids in a buy for like a large petrochem player and none of our customers are beholden to any of us in the industry to be a sole provider. So even if someone told they were, I don’t know that I could tell you definitively on a live call that we are the only provider. But we are fortunate that because of the breadth of our product offerings and our network there’s very few areas of North America or pieces of equipment that we can slide to our customers so we think that gives us a really strong share of wallet.
Matt Flannery: The integration after Baker’s will allow -- in addition to our fluid solutions team, we added Thompson Pump. So you could imagine we’re pretty well settled on pumps already. Baker was already the leading tank provider in the industry. So what we’re adding to that are additional products and services like filtration and really building a comprehensive innovative fluid solutions business as we pull together a great pump business and a great tank business.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So, it's about -- and in addition to the absorption in the markets where we needed the sales force to fill the top of the funnel as I say, to utilize that tone of capacity they had is one fixed. But it's also shifting at the markets where we had robust growth and where we have opportunities in not just specialty but other geographic markets where they weren't as a bit impacted. We talked about the California in the first quarter and then we've about how they rebounded. They had a real slow start to the first quarter and they've had robust growth on the West Coast here in the second quarter and we forecast that to be beyond. So, it's really just management of our business’ normal cadence for us. The only reason we called out these specific drags just because they were abnormal and the opportunity to repair them exists because of the demand that's out there. So, that's the real good news. Otherwise, if we weren’t in a strong demand environment, it would be a different play call it all together. I just want to reiterate the strong demand environment, the strong rate, the opportunity for growth in the back half of year that we're guiding to is our opportunity, so -- and then the output will be that fleet productivity target that we talked about.
Matt Flannery: So, we think first of all, the infrastructure growth isn't so much as there is tailwind all over the end markets growing. It's also our focus on it. So, we started focusing on infrastructure as a vertical and tailor to go-to-market strategy for that, as well as product strategies, because we knew there was just such demand and need for infrastructure improvements throughout the country. So that's paying off and it's a great example of opportunities, where even as end markets may have slower growth, as we have vertically focused our sales teams and our product offerings to end markets where we think our offering benefits more than the competition, we could actually swim upstream in some of these markets and we did that for a little while in infrastructure and that was some tailwinds. How much it ends up? What size of our business is it? Really the focus, it's more of we have the core products like trench, like fluid solutions to go along with our genuine products to really support that customer base.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today. And to remind everyone, our Q2 investor deck is available for download. And as always, please reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of Investor Relations, if you have any questions. And I look forward to talking with you again in October. Good bye.
Jessica Graziano: Hey Seth it is Jess, I just want to add just one thing. That 1.5% that we talked about kind of goes back to when we introduced fleet productivity the comps that -- just that we want to make sure that we’re being as productive as possible with the fleet but at least covering that 1.5% of inflation, right. So our goal in any quarter is to get that fleet productivity to be greater than the 1.5% inflation that we expect is going to come on the fleet just.
Jessica Graziano: So there’s nothing right now that we can see. We’re going to start the 2020 planning process call it late August and obviously work through. But to your point a lot of what you see as adjustments to that 60% is the acquisition dynamic that plays against that number. Absent that there’s nothing that we’re seeing right now that will take off of 60% on the core business.
Jessica Graziano: Joe, that's an excellent question and thank you for asking it, because the change in the calculus is really the shift for us to fleet profitability and it's less about targeting a particular time utilization number or particular rate number or particular mix number even. But rather going out in the field and again it is much rate as we possibly can utilizing the fleet to the highest level we possibly can in a way that makes sense. And to the point you're making about specialty, continuing to optimize mix that would come through a more profitable fleet, and more profitable fleet that's going to consistently meet the demand of our customers. So, that calculus shift is fleet profitability and really the interplay that's going to come from continuing to optimize that profitable growth and return that we're after.
Jessica Graziano: And Courtney the other thing I'd add there is that that's a big component of the leveraging of the acquisitions that we've done is to really focus on cross selling and bringing that broader breath of products and service to our customers.
Jessica Graziano: Well we’ve talked about when we made the change to reduce the range to 2 to 3 times. Two things. The first was we were still planning to come in somewhere around 2.5 times by the end of this year. So that is coming down from call it 3 times post the BlueLine deal at the end of last year. So we have made conscious decisions to continue to get that leverage down through 2019. As we look forward into 2020 we’re going to continue to focus on moving more towards the end of our new leverage range. I'm not sure exactly where we’ll fall but it’ll be a focus for us as we think about the free cash flow in 2020 that we expect will be again another robust year of free cash flow generation. As we think about how much of that will go to leverage it’ll be a priority for us to continue to take the leverage down.
