Matthew Flannery: So, Robert, this is Matt. I think everybody is running their playbook and we are aware that we have one national competitor that's still got some growth ahead of them from a filling out their footprint. But at the small de minimis market share that they are at, I'm not sure that drives the changes in the market place as much as the other 70% that we don’t have visibility to, for the 25 years in this business that I've been in any market I participated in has somebody trying to get some shift, for various different reasons. So, this is part of being the rental business, you are going to need to sometimes protect share, sometimes gain share. I'll tell you that where we are focused on in making sure we are not just chasing the last dollar of revenue, but profitability remains our focus regardless of what anybody else is doing in. And just to put context, when you think about all the local regional and maybe some semi-national competitors, it’s a competitive market, but there is a lot of demand. And we feel that the absorption is better off today than it was six months ago of the fleet in the industry, and we’re encourage by that.
Matthew Flannery: Nicole, this is Matt. I wouldn’t say that there has been much improvement in the upstream. There has been some noise about the rig count being slightly up over a much lower base, and we even have put out what we call few frac packs, but really a small amount compared to historically what we used to out to those basis. The good news is, we do feel it’s bottomed out. And so, we don’t know, we’re not counting on much of an uptick in upstream right now, but we are positioned in the case, there is one. I think the surprising element that not everybody on the call may recognize is that refining is still pretty robust end market for us. We're up almost 10% in refining on a year-over-year basis. So, not all oil and gas is a challenge for us, just really the upstream. And we’re encourage by that, and we think this fourth quarter there will be even more activity, a lot of turnaround activity that our customers are speaking of, so we feel pretty good about that sector.
Matthew Flannery: I would say similarly that Canada, the good news is that they bottomed out. The difference is, we still have some -- I think we still have some more year-over-year headwinds in Canada than we do just strictly in upstream. But the team up there is actually fought pretty well to even getting some sequential positives in the last couple of months; just a year-over-year headwind is still significant. Our rent revenue for the quarter was down 10.7%. But most of that was rate that was a 5.3% rate decrease. But their volume there, what we see on rent only down 4% and that’s after we pulled over 8% fleet out of there. So, we feel, we’ve right-sized our business from a fleet headcount and footprint perspective without damaging our ability to participate in whenever they get some tailwinds at their back. So, they’ve done a good job mitigating that 10% through the P&L without weakening our position. Hopefully, next year, they get some tailwinds.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I think Mike covered it well said. But I would say just the simply answer, it's a yes on that these are long-term projects. And the amount of fleet that we need to fund for one specific plant award, and then a couple of large projects that match with Mike referred to in his opening comments, including some nice infrastructure projects. This represents a very small single digit percentage of what would be needed on the life for that project, so we'll be able to take existing capacity to put on this project. But if we don’t feel these immediate needs that we don’t have available right now, we don’t get to participate in the other 90% plus of this project. So, these projects will mostly be served by the $9 billion of fleet that we are already on.
Matthew Flannery: So, David, this is Matt. I would say on national account pricing, what we’re experienced on a year-over-year perspective from national accounts does not differ much from what we see in our overall business. Now, admittedly, they are all coming off different baselines. So you could imagine that national accounts are going to leverage that spend. But that’s already built into the baseline, so we’re not seeing a tremendous amount of difference between our overall business rate performance and national account. What we are seeing and it’s a big part of our focus strategically is that our national account growth in Q2 was higher than what are overall growth was as a company. So to your point, there is greater visibility into it. It’s already such a big part of our business, and we still have such an established baseline. But I don’t think, there is a lot of headwind to a tailwind by customer segment because they're pretty well established. But the growth and the demand is still there in that space and that remains key focus. And they do most of the large projects, so they kind to go hand and hand when your question was about project and national accounts.
Matthew Flannery: I would necessary say because remember embedded in that national account pricing experience is the largest headwind that we have. Most of our oil and gas business was national account business. So that national account to similar to the Company average had to absorb almost all of the oil and gas experience, which is negative on the year-over-year perspective. So, I wouldn’t necessary characterize it that way. The truth is, we'll find out in the future. But as we sit here today and where our business is today, I wouldn’t say that. I would actually say, they’ve absorbed more pain overall in that business.
Matthew Flannery: So the 25% on net of fixed-price all had different expiration dates. And most of them are multiple years, so it’s not really a clean answer for you. I would say that, it’s throughout the year. As far as the projects, they will price accordingly. And it really depends more on what market projects are in as far as the price volatility and who is more capable of supplying of the assets that are needed. And we feeling on some of the ones that we recently won, we’re very well position. And we’ll continue to focus on where we’re very well positioned versus chasing down somewhere where we may not have it as much a competitive advantage, and that’s part of our focus on profitable growth versus just revenue for the sake of revenue.
Matthew Flannery: No, I agree with Mike. The customer service aspect of it is primary, and I would say more than an SG&A play, this is more of the broadening your reach play just getting to more customers more new customers then you can get to just knocking on doors and calling on the upsides. And this is just moving into the future, and it's been received very well early days, and we're encourage by that, and hopefully this will open ups the new channels and broaden our reach.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, this is Mike. Let me just say that, it's always competitive about there. So regardless of when you say, are we taking this or away from somebody, it is a competitive marketplace. So it's very broad. We were very fortunate to be able to be - to take a multiyear contract that we need to make sure that we be able to meet the customer demand. As Matt mentioned earlier, we've been very good about looking at our fleet, managing our fleet, and if you remind everybody that we really didn’t put any growth capital in our core business into all this year. So it has been by moving fleet around. We exhausted our resources in looking at what is needed, and by the way as we said, we would spend up to and that's still yet to be determined. But I thought it was prudent to make sure that we communicated that to everybody. If there is an opportunity for us to be able to reposition fleet at that time, to satisfy that, we'll do that. But right here in now and as Bill mentioned about what we're seeing in October on utilization is actually up year-to-date and on average for the month of October. So, the demand is there as Matt said earlier.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. To be clear the EBITDA guidance range, the bottom of that range end up, it went up by 50 million. So I don’t know it’s exactly accurate to say EBITDA guidance went up 50 million. But try to be a little bit more helpful of the 100 million or so increase in our free cash flow guidance, the bulk of it was driven by of refine in our view of working capital uses during the course of the year and a reduction in our view about how much non-rental CapEx were going to spent over the course of the year. That working capital, there is a contribution from accounts receivable and the contribution from timing of payables and the non-rental CapEx was just a refinement in our view about what is that we’re going to spend in the way of leasehold improvements and non-rental assets like delivery trucks and service trucks. So working capital and non-rental CapEx were the primary drivers of that improvement.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. M&A has always been part of our overview and strategy. It really comes down to timing. It comes down to price. It comes down to two individuals coming together and agreeing. But yes, we think consolidation will continue to play out overtime within our industry. Timing is always one where you don’t always hit to pick and choose your time, but we have, we’re very, I would say very discipline in our approach of how we go about it. So, there is a lot of things that we look at and we’re pretty stringent as to the hurdles that we have to go forward. So, I'd say it will continue. There will be further consolidation in our industry overtime.
Michael Kneeland: I wouldn’t say shift. Our pipeline is always been full. Our business development teams have been very active creating a lot of communication relationships across the broad spectrum. But our pipeline is there.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And listen everybody; I hope you please feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, Head of our IR here in Stamford at any time to answer any additional questions, to see any of our sites, to get any kind of a tour. I hope you will listen and/or attend our Analyst Day in December 1st as well. So look forward to seeing you all there. Thank you very much and have a great day.
William Plummer: And just to emphasize, I know you know this, but to emphasize, even if we spend the incremental 50, the cash flow for the year still in that 1 billion to 1.1 billion range. So, it includes the possibility of spending that incremental 50.
William Plummer: Yes, we're still deciding exactly how we are going to approach that Investor Day, but I think it's fair to say that we will be talking about initiatives that we think will have positive impact in our financial performance, over the next couple of years.
William Plummer: I'd say in addition to that, the math gets me confidence right. I mean we've now experienced 9 to 12 of the year, right. The remaining three months are going to be -- will make it pretty hard to move that full year rate down significantly. Just to give you a specific set of numbers, in order to get to that 2.1 decline in rental rates for the full year. October, November, December would all have to be down two times each. It's not a ridiculous notion, but in order to get for the down 2.3 scenario for the full year each of those months would have to be down 0.6 sequentially. I think it's highly unlikely that we are going to do that and certainly even more unlikely that, it will be worse than that. So I just look at the raw mathematics that what it would take in order to come outside of the range of the rates that we've given, that 2.1 to 2.3 seems pretty well assured and it's not ridiculous to think that could we see minus 0.2 each month for the remainder of the year. And it's not completely ridiculous even if we didn’t see minus 0.2, if we saw something worse than like November, December. We're still going to end up in a pretty decent place within that 2.1 to 2.3 decline range. One other point just to preempt answer that, we may get from someone. Our carryover for next year, if we hit the 2.1 scenario would be positive 0.1 for the full year. Right so, if we finish the year October, November, December down 0.2 each months sequentially that gives us the full year 2.1 decline, and our carryover would go into the next year would actually be slightly positive. On the flipside just to be fair, if we finish with the down 2.3 scenario, our carryover next year would be minus 0.9%. Not an incredible headwind to overcome in order to get the positive rate, but certainly in the current environment that would be a tougher starting point, but still one that doesn’t make 2017 a complete wash. So that math is what gives me confidence George in saying that we are going to be in that 2.1 to 2.3 range that we gave
William Plummer: Well, I think I articulated in my opening comments and we talked about the Dodge starts and talk about Dodge momentum. To look at, it's been up five for the last six months through the strongest result for us since late 2012 early 2013. The backlog, I think, is another way of looking at it. The backlog is a new peak at 14.1 months on the backlog versus 12.2, and those are the things that we look at that sees the visibility that goes forward. And by the way, we talked about Canada earlier -- even in Canada building permits were up non-res sequentially up 12%. So, we do see a lot of activity that is on horizon. Our customers overall as I mentioned in our opening comments are optimistic. They're seeing the same thing in the build-up of their backlogs.
William Plummer: For those you to know me weather has not been one that won't be always hung our hat on. But unfortunately, there was a lot of devastation as I mentioned in Northern Florida, Georgia and the Carolina's. And our people have been there, it's not material for us simply because of our size. We're across all of the U.S. and Canada, and even if you look at what happen in during the Sandy Storm, it wasn’t the material impact. It will take years to recover as they rebuild will say will do, and that will play out overtime.
William Plummer: Hey, Joe, it's Bill. Don’t think about it sequentially that all has the data from Q2 right here to give you a number I'd certainly on a year-over-year basis talked about the adjusted margin experience being up. If you look at the pricing underneath that margin experience on a year-over-year basis it's certainly down a little bit from last year let's call it 3% on a comparable unit basis maybe it touch 3% to 4% let's say on a year-over-year basis right. So we have been seeing some pricing pressure just on a raw basis year-over-year and that's been the case for a number of months. I think it's encouraging now that we can still move the equipments through the channels that are most attractive and still keep the margins at a pretty attractive level. If you look at pricing relative to the original equipment cost of the fleet that we sold in Q3, I do have that compare to Q2. It wasn’t a significant change right on a sequential basis, price as a percent of OEC, that didn’t change significantly Q2 to Q3. So that might give you a little bit of an indicator of those sequential experience that we had in the fleet. That helped
William Plummer: So, I characterize this as being midstream in the planning process. As we said right here and now we’re targeting a presentation of our plan to the Board in December, at least a preliminary presentation and so we’ve got to be finish by then. Right here now as we think about next year. We haven’t put us take in the ground, but our view will certainly be impacted by our view of how well the cycle is developing. And also impacted by our view of how well we’re going to perform and continuing to win major projects and when just general business, go forward. We’re looking at initiatives that they’re going to have impact in 2017 some of which we will talk about at our Investor Day in December. And those initiatives the overall cycle and how effective we expected to be are going to determine the end number. What I would say about the range is the range still live of that 2 billion to 6 billion. Yes, at this point, we could end up anywhere in that range. But keep in mind that if we are going to spend more going forward and we’re spending right here now. We decided that we want to have a very clear view of where that spend is gone and how it’s going to contribute to improving our performance as a company before we decide to spend that incremental amount, so more to come as we get closer to the end of the process and into January.
William Plummer: Yes, I agree with that. We have not put an SG&A save number to this initiative as of yet, Scott and that's primarily because A; it's very early days. And B; it wasn’t done for SG&A phase, right. It was done to satisfy those customer needs. As this scales and as we start to have a more visibility to the impact than it might have on SG&A, we'll attack the numbers as appropriate go forward. But we haven’t done that as of yet because that's not where we're focused on this initiative.
William Plummer: Yes, the EBITDA flow through we've talked historically about sort of in that 60% area. I think that's still a reasonable range to think about as you have growth sort of significantly different than zero, right. If you are around zero growth, the flow through calculation gets very sensitive and that's quite obviously why we haven’t talked about flow through extensively over the last few quarters. This quarter it was 76% or something like that, but obviously one EBITDA flows could it be lower when you are declining in revenue rather than higher so if that sensitivity of the calculation around zero growth that makes it hard to say much about the usefulness of flow through as a measure when you are around flat. Our plan for next year is to identify opportunities to drive growth. If we drive material growth next year, and I'll think it's ridiculous to think about 60% as a flow through that you could start your modeling with.
William Plummer: Tough one Jerry, and there is so many things going on in that mix line, that it's hard to give you much guidance on how to model it going forward. We’ve got the growth in specialty. We’ve got the Canadian versus U.S. mix effect. We’ve got care class mix and so forth, the mix of day, week and month. So I’m going to dig off of giving you much guidance there because it’s just still so complex. And just ask you to be patient with this as we play out the next several quarters, and ask you to earn your money and forecast to make on your own.
William Plummer: No Jerry, I wouldn’t really see that’s been a major factor have been delays on some jobs, but I wouldn’t delays whether, I delayed some supply chain and maybe other issues. But the good news is the demand is strong and it’s carried well into October here which is good for us. And just to add, I know the mix answer your more mathematically, but I would say it’s a good opportunity to remind everybody effect strategically we’re still very committed to growing high return project specialty and cross-selling those projects not only for revenue reasons, but also for service reasons to our customers. The more solutions we can provide for them, we just feel that makes us a better partner for them, I’ll take that mix opportunity to promote that strategic view.
