Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on today’s call. So before I begin, I want to mention that my prepared remarks this morning will be followed by comments from Matt. Most of you know Matt is our Chief Operating Officer and a 20-year veteran of our Company. Last month, he assumed the additional role of President, which means he is even more instrumental in working with me and Bill to guide our Company's growth. Matt will speak about our markets and operations and then Bill will go over the numbers. So I'll start with the dialogue by saying that I am pleased with the results we reported yesterday. Both Gen Rents and Specialty segments performed well. There were a number of positive indicators in the quarter, including a 6.8% increase in volume year-over-year and a 2.7% improvement in rental rates. These numbers are pro forma for last year's acquisitions. Now given the importance of rates in our business, it is good to see the improvement sustained throughout the quarter. Rates remain a key indicator of the overall health of the marketplace and our industries ability to generate attractive returns. Time utilization came in at 65.2%, down 20 basis points pro forma. That's the second highest time utilization we've achieved in any first quarter in our history. And there were some obstacles in the quarter, but we dealt with those effectively, and once again, our rental revenue growth outpaced the market. And then there is cash generation. As you saw yesterday, our free cash flow for the quarter was $526 million after gross CapEx of $313 million. Now given the way the years unfolding, we feel very comfortable with our guidance for free cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and we've also re-informed the rest of our full-year outlook. So let's talk about the use of cash. Over the last five years, our business has generated $4 billion of cumulative free cash flow, some of that in markets that weren't as robust as the current year. In 2018, the cycle is in our favor with an added tax benefit from tax reform. And as we continue to explore potential opportunities to redeploy this capital, you can expect us to make the kind of thoughtful, diligent, and balanced decisions to be accretive to our shareholder value as we have in the past. So yesterday we announced that our Board has authorized a program for another $1.25 billion of share repurchases. This will initiate when we wrap up the current program, which we would expect to finish out mid-year. And you may recall that the current program was authorized in November of 2015 for $1 billion. We paused for 13 months while we evaluated M&A and then reactivated it. We have about $168 million left to go, and once that ends, the follow-on program will begin. Our goal is to complete the $1.25 billion of new repurchases by the end of 2019. And we have an excellent track record with these programs. Since 2012, we've returned almost $2.3 billion of cash to repurchases as a means of maximizing shareholder value. And now over the course of 2018 and 2019, we are planning to purchase what equates to over 10% of our current market cap. Now to be clear, share repurchase is just one lever in a complex framework of decisions we make the balance growth and returns while preserving a sound capital structure. We remain open to all avenues that are strategically compelling and create superior value including further M&A. Now before I hand it off to Matt, I want to return to something that’s always been important to me personally. That is our culture as a safety leader. Safety is the ultimate metric of operational excellence in our business. It aligns the interest of our employees, our customers, and our investors, so everybody wins. We just delivered the 15 straight quarter of a reportable rate at or below one, and that's a remarkable achievement on the part of our team. And in the month of March, 99% of our locations had zero reportable incidents. Now this kind of culture is fundamental to success of our business and particularly when things get busy like we are doing right now. And when we’re entering our peak months in a very strong demand environment, our performance is tracking to plan and virtually all key leading indicators are positive. Now the intersection of these dynamics creates a significant opportunity for United Rentals. Our guidance reflects our belief that 2018 will be another very good year for us. And now I’ll ask Matt to talk about the operations and share how we plan to capitalize on the months ahead. So over to you, Matt.
Michael Kneeland: I'll start and then I’ll ask Bill to chime in, but I think what you're really highlighting is the strength of our balance sheet and our cash flow gives us a lot of optionality. And acquisitions happen as they happen. Pipeline, we're always out there looking for companies that meet our criteria and our discipline – we remain focused on our discipline, making sure that, strategically, why would we be good owners of that asset, number one. Two, financial, how does it affect us and then how can we get an ample return. And then third thing is culture, and we're very strict on those. And if we don't do a deal is because one of those – one of that legs of that stool didn't make it and we have the discipline to walk away, but having said that, it is our optionality that we have at this point in time.
Michael Kneeland: It's always active. It doesn't – as you can imagine specialty is an area of interest for us and there is no secret. And as we went through last year, we did a couple fairly sizable Gen Rent acquisitions, where we're open minded, and – but the pipeline has always been pretty active.
Michael Kneeland: The main impact is going to come in Q3 and Q4. So in the first quarter, the year-over-year comparison was basically flat. That's probably going to be the story in the second quarter right assuming that we don't have a surprise in the performance and therefore have to adjust the accrual differently than what we've got in mind right now. So it will be basically flat effect for Q2. It’s really about $15 million of the impact in Q3 and Q4 each that that we're expecting right here and now, just based on the pacing of how we adjusted the accruals last year versus what we think we're going to do this year.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the timing is certainly skewed toward the back end of the year. It's going to be more third and fourth quarter, second half of the year event than second quarter, but we expect to see some fairly robust impacts in the back half of the year to the incremental margins because of those factors that we talked about.
Michael Kneeland: So Steven when thinking about the upstream exploration and the rig counts improving and based on oil prices as I referred to in the opening comments, we're certainly participating in that. We’ve had really nice growth there, but most of the growth has been through our pump business that as a matter of fact more than half of our growth in Q1 was through our pump business where we held on to some specialized products to serve that end market. So we didn't have to invest any incremental capital there, which we're really pleased with and kind of validated decision the team made to hold on to those assets. With all that being said and with the strong growth that we had in the upstream business, it's still less than 6% of our business overall as compared to peak where it was almost to 11% of our business. So we're encouraged, we're pleased, we kept our footprint there to serve that market, but I don't think it's going to get as big as it did at one point in time in the history.
Michael Kneeland: No significant change. David as I mentioned before, I think the rate result in the first quarter is probably better than what we expected coming into it. And so that's a good starting point for the year. And we'll have to see how it develops from here. I think we feel good about the way that we've been able to position the fleet and the fleet on rent for the remainder of the year. There are some puts and takes in the utilization of that fleet in the first quarter. Matt touched on the margin particular, but nothing that’s concerning to us as we look at the rest of the year. And as we said, I think April feels like it’s positioning us well to continue to say that about the rest of the year.
Michael Kneeland: So to be specific confidence in the overall balance, right, so sometimes, it gets parsed out time and rate too much. The overall balance of what time and rate is doing for us that we feel good about that. The answer was yes. Do we think our customer demand is going to be able to absorb the fleet that we’re letting flow in not just in March, but we planned to bring in April, May, and June? And the answer was yes. So I would say those – really what we expected, the trend that we expected we just continued to flow.
Michael Kneeland: Now let me touch on the used sale. So I know the first quarter looked a little lopsided. Much of that appearance had to do with accounting recognition, but we always sell our used equipment especially to vendors in Q1. It's the best time for us to get rid of older fleet and I said it earlier, but just remind you that the average age of that fleet that we sold to vendors in Q1 was 113 months. So when we’re talking about 9 and 10 year old fleet. Q1 is a great time to get it out of the door because it's sitting in the branches. It's low peak season – low season time utilization and it easier for the branches to get it out during that period. When we get busy into Q2, Q3, we're more focused on our retail, but our used sales as always strong to vendors in Q1. That's our opportunity to get it out and then on the back end in Q4 will get rid of some any remaining vendor sales that we had planned on it. That's kind of the way we've always operated our business. You guys just have between us been a bigger company and the accounting changes, it just probably gave a little bit of a different look from the outside world, but nothing changed internal.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would add that is if you take a look at all key indicators, they’re positive. And if you take a look at the associated builders and contractors, backlog in the fourth quarter expanded to [9.67] months, which is the highest level ever achieved. So in Dodge Momentum Index is positive. The highest level in cycle, I can take through all of these items, but the bottom line is all of the key indicators remain positive. And as Matt mentioned, it's very broad, nothing specific, but we have the footprint and we have the equipment and the people to tackle the task.
Michael Kneeland: Look, we've said at some point the company will look beyond when that time is, we haven't pinpointed an exact date, but I think the key point is, one, North America is very strong. There is still – we have – as far as market opportunities remain very high here for us to capture more and that's what we're doing and that's why when you take a look at the specialty businesses and the growth that we're seeing, that is really to me a no-brainer. Why would we go after the current market that we are in where we have the biggest strength, but going beyond North America at some point yes and more than likely with our customers.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. Thanks again for your participation. We always welcome the opportunity to share your thinking and hear your feedback. Please, if you haven't, download our revamped first quarter investor deck and feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR with any questions. Operator, you can end the call. Thank you.
William Plummer: So is there a credible argument? Yes, there's a credible argument to do that and certainly you can make your own judgment about how likely that that is to happen. Our view is that the market environment certainly would support a good rate realization and I think the path that we are on, we're encouraged by that. 2.7%, if you asked us before the quarter whether we’d be there, we probably say not yet. So that's encouraging for us, right as we think about where things could go, so yes, credible environment. Maybe I’ll take the opportunity just you said credible for 3% to 5% and take the opportunity maybe a question given the sequential path that we experienced in the first quarter. If you repeated the last three quarters sequentials that we achieved last year with the start that we've had this year that number would take us to 2.9%. If you repeated sort of the average of the sequentials that we’ve achieved in the last three quarters over the last three to five years with the start that we've had this year that sequential pattern would take us to about 2.5%. So certainly feels reasonable to say we're in that 2.5% to 3% range and could we accelerate from here to get into 3% to 5% range that's not ridiculous. So hopefully that's helpful for you Ross.
William Plummer: No, it's continuing to be pretty robust. I think if you just look at the pricing that we've realized about 6% that we realized this year compares to something in the neighborhood of 5% that we realized back in the fourth quarter. I think that just aren't priced basis alone suggest that that market still pretty robust, and as I said it's still demanding pretty good volume. So that market feels pretty good right now.
William Plummer: I think it's fair to say that if 2019 looks anything like 2018 we're going to have another very robust free cash flow story for next year as well, right. The benefit of tax reform, the strength of our overall operating profitability, the amount of capital that we would have to put into the business to kind of sustain a comparable demand environment, all would argue for another north of the $1 billion free cash flow year next year and that's the backdrop that we're thinking about as we think about capital allocation decisions. So another good year, next year assuming that the market continues.
William Plummer: Courtney, the bulk of the TCP segment growth was same-store in the mid-20% out of that 36% was same-store growth. So a pretty robust story there, even though we had – for that business a reasonably significant acquisition in the form of Cummins last year. So we certainly feel good about the business even on the same-store basis, but we also are growing the footprint of the business. We're going to add a total of 18 or so cold starts this year, the great majority of which will be specialty location. So we will enhance that same-store growth again as we go forward with the new footprint.
William Plummer: And I’ll only add that we view acquisition as the higher and better uses of our capital and cash flow then buying back shares. And so we want to make sure that we are ready to do those acquisitions that make the right sense. And that's partly why we take a slow and steady approach to executing share repurchase, right. We want to make sure that, yes, okay, the Board authorized a new $1.25 billion program. We don't want to go out and blow it all right now because there maybe deals that come along that are really appealing. So let's be slow and steady in executing it and make sure that we're ready to go when the right deal shows up, and we will continue to do that, right. We've established a pretty good track record in how we approach managing the repurchase program. But if we do it with an eye towards, hey, if a better deal comes along like an acquisition, then we want to use it the used cash flow for that rather than just buying back share.
William Plummer: Sure, Seth. Really – holding aside the bonus impact is the story of the acquisitions. NES, we anniversary in the second quarter. Neff, we anniversary in the fourth quarter. There will be nice moves to our incremental margin our flow through in those quarters just reflecting the mechanics of adding their revenue and the cost that that come along with that revenue this year versus last year. It’s something that’s hard to quantify, but it certainly is going to be a material impact in both Q2 and particular in Q4.
William Plummer: Sure, Steven. So we've been sharing with you the – a few of the projects, underneath Project XL in our quarterly investor decks as we’ve gone the last several quarters, and the Project XL is a complex topic to try and talk about, but we try to simplify it by just focusing on a few of the projects underneath it, so those four projects that we've shared actual data on. What we would say is that the metrics that those projects are tracking have already gotten us to about a $200 million run rate for those projects. Now I hesitate to say that because as we said again and again, the metrics that those projects are tracking you should not think about incremental EBITDA. Certainly there is incremental EBITDA in there, but their duplications between the projects and there are certain components of those projects that would have been there anywhere, anyway without Project XL. But in terms of the $200 million run rate of the metrics that the Project XL projects are tracking, I say we're pretty doggone close to the $200 million run rate already and that would led us to say that we’re thinking about increasing the targets that we talked about. But just as we've gone deeper and deeper into looking at the performance of these XL projects, it has become just much more clear how difficult it is to have a conversation with you guys in the outside world without diving into huge complexity. So we just simplified and said look at these four projects. They're delivering something in the neighborhood of $200 million run rate of impact. By the way when you look at the entire list of Project XL initiatives, it’s still in aggregate right around the $200 million impact. So it's not like we're cherry picking those four projects, just those four easy to talk about to the outside world. But we feel good about Project XL, we feel it’s delivering very much in line with what we expected, and we think it's an important part of how we continue to drive productivity improvement in our business and so we'll keep running that.
William Plummer: Yes. It’s certainly is an interplay. And what I would say is that we gave a pretty broad range for our gross capital spends this year, right. $150 million range. I think it gives us plenty of room to respond to the upside, if indeed it looks like we should be spending more. So I don't think we need to say that we're thinking any differently about our capital plan. It is still pretty early in the year to be talking about either increasing or decreasing for that matter. And so what I would say is let's have this conversation again at Q2 and we'll be able to make some more definitive statements about how the second quarter fleet on rent build and how that feels relative to our capital plan and we’ll make it more definitive statement at that point.
William Plummer: Thanks, Neil. On the cost question, I would point delivery cost in the quarter is something that has a focus from our management team. You guys have said this, you guys read the paper like we do and I'm sure you read about freight cost increases as fuels costs go up and as it becomes harder for the delivery companies to find track as well. When we use outside hollers, we face some of those same dynamics in the quarter that's not to say that we didn't have opportunities to manage better, our use of outside haulers that something that we were very heavily focused on but that was the dynamic that’s played out in Q1 and then that we're going to be focused on for the remainder of the year. The other operating cost items I put in the category of just sort of normal management operations focus right of that. We had little bit more over time in the first quarter than maybe we expect to coming in, for example. Well, that's just something that we can put some management elbow grease to and address as we go forward. So those are probably the cost items that I would say we're focused on right here now as for equipment purchase price inflation and commodity prices, our purchases, the vast majority of them are covered by supply agreement that have fixed pricing over the course of this year. And so we would expect that the commodity prices won't drive very much in the way of inflation this year for us, obviously next year when we negotiate the terms for next year that will be a discussion point with the vendors and it will be a good old-fashioned arm wrestling match and we know how to do that and will do it vigorously from the time.
William Plummer: Ross, I don't know that I would could tie it directly to why they're making those decisions, but I would say what we're encouraged about is the industry seems to be acting as we are, right. The industry seen better rate improvement, the industry seen better time utilization. So we see those as positive indicators and certainly costs pressures are something that everybody has to deal with right just merit increases and everything. So I would say you'd hope that informing them, but the result is what we can really comment on when the results are looking like the industry is acting in a responsible manner when it comes to rate and getting some time utilization.
Matthew Flannery: Courtney, this is Matt. It does not change our full-year outlook. We still expect to sell somewhere around $1.2 billion of OEC as we talked about in January of $1.2 billion for the full-year. This is just – you folks are seen based on the change in the accounting rules that Bill mentioned in his comments. You're seeing more of it than you usually would, but Q1 is always been the time of the year where we sell a lot of our assets on the trade-in basis because it's our trough and time utilization and it's the best time of year to get rid of the old fleet. Just the factoid that you folks don't know that fleet that we sold to vendors averaged 113 months. So we're really talking about a portion of that fleet more than 10 years old. So we're selling nine to 10-year old fleet and we look at the first quarter as an opportunity to cleanse that, refresh the fleet and make sure that we're giving the customers the type of product they expect from us.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Jerry. This is Matt. I think you saw a little bit of a concern, specifically in March, that 40 bps pro forma drop in time utilization. We attributed to two major factors for us, a little bit of weather and then the timing of the holiday. So the week leading up to Easter happened to fall in March. So we saw a little bit of drop off from our normal cycle, which we expected to pick that up in April, and as we sit here we're very comfortable that that things have had normalized for us to what more or like what we expected. So I wouldn't see – I wouldn't be concerned about that. I’d also point to the balance that we had. One thing I'm really encouraged about is the rate performance in Q1. And keeping that balance of rate and time is real important to us. We talked about that all the time. And last year, quite frankly, we dug a bit of a rate hole while having very strong time utilization. We’re very conscious about not digging the rate hole this year because that first quarter compounds on it. So we're very comfortable with where we are right now.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, so I touch on a little bit, but just to repeat, we don't give the specifics of into quarter, but we wouldn't have pointed out that the 40 bps in March was due to weather and holiday unless we felt that it remedied and you can take that the guidance that we're giving to reaffirm means that we feel like the temporary time utilization lapse that we saw in March is remedied and demand continues to be strong for the balance of the year.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, just a delay in the cycle. We don't expect to have the closures that we had in Q1, and once again a little bounce back that you get in the first week after Easter as opposed to before just a timing issue, but it got our attention, we dug into it, and we feel comfortable with it.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, David. This is Matt. We feel comfortable that we've got enough of a pipeline built that we could accelerate and move in some assets, so it would be more of an acceleration and then backfilling Q3 and Q4 is usually the way we do it when we make the decisions to change any capital either timing and/or increase. And we believe we still have that flexibility and we're very fortunate to have good partners that understand keeping their share of United’s business has value for both of us, and we give them as much foresight as we can.
Matthew Flannery: Part of it is that we still felt the demand – first of all, we sold the decent amount of used equipment, number one. So when you look at net-net, our fleet size overall is not outside of where we expect it. We sold hair more and we replaced a hair more. We made an active decision throughout March not to slow down because we still saw the demand that was coming forward. We're talking to our customers and our field leaders and we didn't think there was any reason to slow down the flow in March because we expect to have a strong second quarter.
Matthew Flannery: I'm sure that those are being impacted by. I'm not opening their arms to it. But there's no real commentary that I could give you that would be – that I think would be that helpful for you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Scott. So I'll just mention the win rate, it's something that we measure internally not something we talk about externally, but I would say as for as project pipeline, I specifically make comments about the industrial projects because that's a significant change on a year-over-year basis. We're seeing some nice industrial projects that are carrying over from last year, but that's pipeline seems to be increasing a little bit in the back half of 2018 on a year-over-year basis. As far as commercial, I wouldn't tie just a major projects, I think it's broad geographically; broad by project mix and the demand is brought by product type and sector. Every vertical, every meaningful vertical that we track of end markets is up on a year-over-year basis. So the project commentary specifically that you heard was more about the back half of the year in the industrial sector, but overall I’d say the pipeline is a strong and a little bit stronger in some areas this last year.
