Matt Flannery: Sure, David. This is Matt. So first to answer your question about the states kind of tried to cover that in the script. We’re seeing all the spikes ups specifically in four or five pretty large states and large for us as well. When we went back to look at the data it’s not impacting our business at this point. So what would, would be closures, construction restrictions that haven’t manifested, similar to what happened early on in Boston area, the New York area and the Bay area were the most specific ones back in the beginning. So we’re not seeing that. What’s embedded in our guidance is more of a normal seasonal build that we would expect. Although we’re not going to – we don’t plan on backfilling the gap that was created from COVID in the beginning of the – end of first quarter and the beginning of the second quarter. We do expect to see normal seasonal builds. As far as cushion, the fourth quarter is a little bit less clear today than what we see in Q3. We think the backlogs and the work that’s ongoing in Q3 is much more predictable from our perspective. And then where we fall within that range that we gave really depends on, do we get any acceleration or deceleration of the demand in Q4? And that’s how we’re thinking about it. None of it comprehends all five of those states doing a major shutdown, right? I don’t – that’s not really the way we ran about it, nor do we think that’s going to happen. I think that people have been pretty obvious to their intent to continue to make sure they drive the economy, and that’s kind of how we’re planning and how we guided.
Matt Flannery: So well, if you think about the macro data that everybody looks at, we look at as well, you could see that incrementally some of the negatives got less negative. If you want to think about that as a positive momentum, whether it’s backlogs of ABC – contractor backlog is down about – it’s out to about eight months now, right? ABL – ABI rather is not quite as bad as it was, but still doesn’t denote growth. So I’d call those indicators bouncing off the bottom, but I wouldn’t call them positive yet. And I think even our own customer confidence index improved sequentially, but still not to the levels of what we’d expect. And I think it’s because the lack of visibility that we talked about. Just – it’s just not there right now for people to get comfort. The experience of being better today than we were in April has given everybody some more confidence, but just is not enough to predict 2021 yet.
Matt Flannery: So it would really depend on two issues. How this exit rate of this year comes out, right? So how do we do with the absorption of the fleet? And how much does fleet productivity improve sequentially throughout the balance of this year, to give us our exit rate and then what does the demand look like going forward? If you thought that demand would return to 2019-like levels, that’s what you mean by normal seasonality, then you could think about 2019 CapEx. I’m not sure that, that’s visibility that anybody or in anybody’s calculus quite yet. But if we get a vaccine, if the world starts opening up, people start traveling again, certainly, that would be a thought that we’d be looking towards, but it’s way early for us to even get close to thinking definitively. And by the end of the year, we’ll try to get there to what our guide would be. But the reality is we won’t really have to make those CapEx decisions until we start building in the spring of 2021, is when we really have to start spending money.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think your last comment hit out the most, Joe, is that lack of visibility in Q4. So when we think about our GAAP on a year-over-year perspective, we think it’s going to improve slightly, and that 15% versus 16% rent revenue decline in Q2, but we don’t think that, that’s going to compress. Right now, it’s that pipeline of demand starts to increase. If pent-up demand for some work to get done or people get through better through Q3 than we expected, then we’ll accelerate that. But when we think about the places that we just really don’t see changing for the better in the back half, it would be, first and foremost, upstream. We’re not counting on upstream. And I don’t even think the folks in that space are counting on improvement there. When we think about the one big variable that we didn’t expect, in a normal recession that we are seeing in this pandemic, is the petrochem, right. Specifically downstream business that just nobody needs their products. So if people start traveling again, that would be a pick up. That’s probably more of a 2021event than a Q4 event. So these are the reasons why we think – and then non-res will be choppy. So we think that this steady – I don’t want to anchor too much on the midpoint, but this steady, about 15% down year-over-year would imply a standard seasonal build off the hole that was already created. That’s the way we’re thinking about it.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So we don’t give that fleet on rent number, but you see where we’re guiding to, and we talked about 15% that we were down in Q1. Now what you’re seeing is just a normal seasonal build off of that. So even though we’re sequentially and did through Q1 sequentially saw improvement, you have to think about the fleet productivity is measured in that year-over-year gap. And we don’t talk about the individual components, but we certainly shared color that coming into the year, we thought our biggest opportunity was absorption. You can imagine that was exacerbated by COVID. So as we continue to manage the denominator of that calculation, we are expecting to see sequential improvement. But we’re not expecting to see positive fleet productivity, unfortunately, until we get past these comps probably in the Q2 to second half of 2021. And we’ll continue to depend on what kind of demand environment we’re in, manage that inflow, right? We’ll manage the denominator as well as the numerator, depending on what demand says. So that’s the way we’re looking at it, and that’s how we’re going to focus on driving higher productivity.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So this was certainly in the handful of downturns I’ve seen in my – now on my 30th year in this business, this was unique. I think anybody that didn’t list to the Spanish flu, right? So this is a very, very unique creation of this location. And it made us move really fast. It made our customers move really fast. So it went from almost panic when you really think about it out there to now people starting to feel a little better, but still very cautious so that’s how people are managing their business as well. I mean, when you see that flow through that we had in Q2, it was part of that thing’s immediately shut down. So that gave us a bit of a cost advantage. And it was – I think you saw that in a lot of businesses. Now people are starting to think about what the future brings. Some of the things that we’re learning in a post-COVID environment or what end markets are going to do better. I mean, believe it or not, it’s hard to see within our numbers. But even within our current fleet productivity, we actually have some asset cash classes are up year-over-year. And it’s hard to imagine, but that’s about shifting to where the opportunities are, and that’s always what our business model has been about. That flexibility and fungibility of our assets so that we can move them to where we need to move them to. So that’s the way we’re moving. I’m sure many customers are doing the same. Customers are going to need to find different ways to drive revenue, different ways to create value for their clients, and we’ll continue to do that. We also think technology and safety are both going to – they were important already. I think they’re going to be more top of mind in our space and for our customers. And we think that’s inherent to the large players that have the scale to invest in some of these. And we’ll continue to use that as a future post-COVID opportunity as well.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think you’ll hear it, right? So many of the OEMs reported this week as well. I think you’ll see, and you already have seen what their need to do to react to our rental industry is very positive reaction of shutting off the CapEx ticket as, obviously, you’re seeing it not just play through in those of report, but you’re seeing it play through in the OEM production or lack thereof. So we think that’s the right way to manage through this, and I’m very pleased with the data that we see. The industry remains disciplined.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. You’re right. We continue to be very pleased. And even with the lower revenue, specialty did a good job of driving even increased margins based on some of the insourcing, getting rid of third-party services and really a good team effort across the board. So we’ll continue to invest in those. We’ve done about 10 cold starts year-to-date and we’re planning on doing another five in the back half of the year. So we’re still leaning into specialty. We’ll continue to put capital in there. And our Power segment for example, is one of the reasons that actually is up year-over-year. So there are opportunities during COVID that will continue to fund.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Steven. And this is something that we’ve thought about a lot and are very intentional about how we’ve responded so far. So let me just talk about – forget about the numerical values, I think we’ve covered that strategically. Coming out of 2009, and having experienced that downturn, and what we did and had to do and what I would want to do differently and what we want to do differently, we’ve built a strategy to make sure we didn’t have to do a couple of things. Number one, we didn’t want to unnecessarily take out or damage our capacity to get ready when we got through the other side. And that – so we’ve structurally worked towards that during this pandemic, which is why we’re very pleased that we used in-sourcing to keep our labor force busy as opposed to layoffs. And that was very intentional in it. And you can see from the flow-through that worked. When we think about store closures, we intentionally did not want to go there. Now if we went this into a full recession, 2009 type recession, which I don’t think anybody is predicting right now. But if it happens, we have that playbook. We know what to do. But there’s a couple of things that we are going to limit. We’re not going to fire sale equipment, we don’t need to. We have great liquidity, strong balance sheet, maturities out to what, Jess, 2025, right? So we don’t have that anvil hanging over us. So we don’t need to fire sell equipment, and we don’t need to make rash decisions to make sure we make payroll. We don’t have liquidity issues. This balance sheet allows us to react a little bit differently. We’ll still protect margins. I think we just proved that, but we’re not going to damage the business long term, but there is more flexibility to make sure we remain resilient and we’ll utilize it.
Matt Flannery: So that’s something that we talk about actively, right? There’s – that balance sheet can be used defensively, and it can be used offensively. And we want to make sure we’ve used it defensively and appropriately so, and we are turning our mind to offense. So when we think about where are these other opportunities? Someone could ask, why are you guys spending another – at the midpoint, about $500 million CapEx, because there’s offensive opportunities. There’s products and end markets and verticals that we’re still going to support, and that’s the way we’re looking at it. And as more post-COVID opportunities arise, we will use that balance sheet. We’ll use our scale and our leverage to make sure that we can play some offense.
Matt Flannery: Thanks Jerry for the question. Absolutely. So I had a note from a customer early on during COVID, when we created this touchless system that they sent a nice, very nice note thanking us said they have the best rental experience ever. They pulled their truck up, everything was done digitally about ordering the equipment and confirmations. And when they pulled up, we hooked a trailer up, had a skid steer behind it, and he went off this way. He said it was the fastest, most painless transaction he’s ever had in the rental business. So there you go. Necessity is the mother of invention, once again. And we’ll continue to take those learnings. So when we think about our labor headcount models, and one thing – one of the ways that we did retain our labor, as we talked about earlier, was in-sourcing. But when we get to the flex upside in a more stable environment, not necessarily the back half of this year, I don’t think adding heads right now makes sense. But maybe having more heads and eliminating some of the more expensive variable costs we have like over time. Like outsourcing logistics when we meet capacity are some of the things that we’ll be investigating to make sure that we can continue to drive efficiency in our model.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I won’t give you the fleet on rent stats, but I will share with you, and as I did in my prepared remarks, the petrochem industry is really challenged. That market for us is down 35%. That’s a big portion of what we’ve had to endured post-COVID. You could look at both sides of that. You could look at – as the world opens back up, that’s one of the opportunities to get back to normal type volumes. So we think that’s an opportunity for us. Industrial, overall, if you take that out – if you take out petrochem, industrial looks a little more like construction overall, right, not really a big deal. But when you look at data centers, Power as a Segment, infrastructure, there are opportunities that we can lean into. And whether we add additional products to the mix, which we’ve been doing, or whether we just enhance some of the offerings that we already have to make sure we’re being a one-stop shop solution for all these end markets. That’s really how we’re looking going forward. And I think the industrial markets will recover at the same pace, and maybe even a little faster because of the petrochem drop once we get on the other side of COVID.
Matt Flannery: Yes. And what I referred to – so we are seeing the seasonal build. But what I referred to specifically is because we went and look, they said, "Wow, look at these spikes in these states that we all see all over the news." So we went and looked at those states at our volume and some of them are big states for us. And we’re not seeing it. So the data is not showing a correlation to our fleet on rent, our revenues, our activity in those states that would match a negative correlation to the infection rates. And that’s really what we meant. We’ll keep an eye on it. If that pivots, as always, we’ll let everybody know, but we actually haven’t seen that. And I think that’s a commitment to a lot of these communities that they’ve got to keep running, right? The world got to keep on. So we’ll continue to see the seasonal build, and that’s what our guidance implies.
Matt Flannery: Yes. No, we aren’t seeing any competitive change in the landscape. And you hit on the right one, power has been growing for us, and I’m sure others have been growing. It’s part of an emergency response. When you think about all the temporary, whether it’s shelters, businesses, people putting tents out in their parking lots so that they can feed people outdoors, right? There’s so much opportunity for power to grow. So we’ve been seeing that growth as well. But I don’t think we’re losing share there in any way, shape or form. We’re pleased with what we’re doing there. As far as specialty of some of our competitors, we all – different companies categorize it differently. For us, how we look at our specialty business, it’s products that have more of a unique, fully embedded engineered solutions, so to speak, right? So it’s not just dropping off the generator. It’s cabling, it’s putting step down transformers, it’s making sure we’re creating a solution and that’s how we look at our specialty. And I won’t comment on others. It’s just I understand there are some products that are in other specialties that are not launched. So we’re not seeing any change in the competitive dynamic there.
Matt Flannery: Sure thing. We don’t usually get down to breaking all those segments down, but you’re hitting on the head here, right? Think about pumps and tanks and how much in the petrochem space we’re penetrated with those products and work even with the Baker acquisition, right? So they’re certainly faring worse more in line with how our gen rent areas are faring in those marketplaces. So that would be a drag on the overall specialty growth. Trench is slightly better than the average, but not as a positive, we’re calling out power because power is unique. I don’t think people would think at any business unit would be positive. So power, our reliable on site business, although small, is – seems positive as well. But I think you go ahead that fluid certainly is having challenges as we’re going through COVID here. And that’s a big part of what’s driving the negative growth.
Matt Flannery: So I don’t have the numbers handy for the past couple of years. But when you think about what Jess was speaking earlier about what’s inferred in the flow-through of the midpoint of our second half guidance, you’ll see some of the costs – you’ll see the magnitude of some of what will start creeping in with whether it’s overtime, which we’re leaning more towards over time. We want to keep our people busy first, and that’s been a big part of our COVID response, and then maybe some logistics and third-party. As far as third-party repairs, we’re not expecting a lot of that. Some of that was for stuff that was really beat up out in the oilfield last year, stuff that needed major repairs, and we were already utilizing our capacity, so we outsourced it. And that is always an opportunity, an area to flex, but I think in this one post-COVID learnings, as I talked about earlier, maybe we will in-source more going forward in a more stable environment. So I don’t have the numbers for you on what that historical trend is, but it’s certainly an opportunity for us going forward.
Matt Flannery: Yes. You hit on the main point at the end of your statement there about the lower base, right? So it’s really just off a lower base. But unlike what we’ve talked about for the past few years, we are seeing project delays and cancellations but more delays. For us, right now, with the lack of visibility, we’re just counting on the delays as they’re not there until they come back. And it’s very spotty. Just think about the major airports. Last year, we’re traveling around back when we were traveling. You saw work at just about every major airport that you flew into. About half of those are continuing on, and then half are "paused or delayed." And when those and what would create those coming back is something that will be part of the recovery, but we don’t have the visibility to that right now. And it’s really not even by geography. Right here in the New York metropolitan area, you have Laguardia that’s going full steam ahead. You JFK, that’s slowed down and delayed many phases of that project. So we see this as a future opportunity. But the difference between now and what we’ve talked about for the past 12 quarters is we are seeing project delays, and we do believe we’ll continue to have a seasonal build off this lower base, but those would all have to come back online for us to raise that pace to start to fill that gap.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So as far as the cancellations, and just to clarify, there’s not as many cancellations are there are delays. But in our mind, with the uncertainty going on right now, we’re going to treat them fairly similar because the cancellation could be brought back up as well. So just think about the industry have been most challenged for COVID. Certainly, anything petrochem related has been shelved, delayed, whatever term you want to use, travel, right? It’s just – it’s two different thoughts. There are some airports are saying, we don’t have a lot of activity right now, let’s lean in. And there are others that are delaying. I would imagine it has to do with their funding and their confidence going forward on how much volume they’ll do in those locations. When you think about entertainment, stadiums, those types of jobs, as you can imagine, a little bit of uncertainty of what the future is going to look like. So some of those are being shelved. So – and then certainly, anything in hospitality, right, travel and hospitality, we’re seeing a lot of it. So just think about the industries that are more uncertain than others. Then you’re seeing other things, even power built, I talked about earlier. Power segment is growing for us, whether it’s standard power or alternative power. When you think about data centers, those are growing. That’s a growing opportunity. And then for those of you who live here in the Northeast, as I travel around the Northeast here by car, I’m seeing road works everywhere. So we expect infrastructure to continue to gain momentum. It’s one of the values of less traffic as people can get this work done more efficiently. So those are some of the puts and takes that we’re seeing, and that really inform how we view the balance of this year.
Matt Flannery: Absolutely. I think really, for the industry, broad-based offering, of which we’re leading and penetration overall, during all the downturns in my career, people that had to turn to rental when they previously weren’t looking at it as their number one priority in channel, very rarely almost never go away, right? Once they get to it, they realized they can rely on us, that the product will be there, and they’ll have the right equipment at the right time. So we do expect secular penetration on the other side of this. And I think it will be broader, to your point, because we have a broader offering. So I think it will be across the board, specialty new products in gen rent that people weren’t renting before. I think it will be a good thing for the industry overall.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. I appreciate the conversation today. This is, certainly, turning out to be an interesting year, to say the least. And as always, we’ll keep you updated as things evolve. In the meantime, our Q2 investor deck is available online. And as always, Ted is available to answer your questions. With that, please, everyone stay safe, and operator, you can now end the call.
Jessica Graziano: Joe, I’ll start on that one. So based on what we’re seeing kind of going out to the end of the year, we’ll likely age the fleet somewhere between five and six months, right? And so we’ve talked a lot with you guys and with investors about having at least a year of headroom in our cat classes to be able to age out the fleet in down cycles like this one, and not have any real discernible impact on increased R&M or have any urgent need to replace. So as we even think forward into 2021, there still is some opportunity and some headwinds. If we needed to age the fleet out a little bit more, we could without any real impact.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. Rob, it’s Jess. So yes, I mean, the team did a great job in managing through the second quarter. The – some of the costs that we’ve called out have been a focus on reducing overtime, right, and really focusing on the capacity that we have in-house by in-sourcing, delivery and repair and maintenance that, in part, had been outsourced to third parties, right, bringing that in, using our capacity and saving what premium cost, right, and using those third-party services. We’ve also, as Matt mentioned, the beginning of the second quarter, especially as we were all adjusting to restrictions in place, we very quickly shut down our discretionary costs, right? You saw that in the SG&A year-over-year benefit that we called out this quarter, where P&E, of course, right? That’s an easy one to kind of think through as folks stop traveling immediately. But also discretionary costs that we were able to cancel or delay as a result of trying to keep only business-critical needs in the cost structure.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. No, great question. Thank you. Yes, I mean our focus right now is to use that free cash flow to pay down debt, right? We’re not out of the woods yet as far as the COVID impact. And liquidity is going to continue to be a major focus for us. So we’ll use that excess free cash flow to pay down debt. And what will happen just kind of in the normal course, right, as we do our 2021 plan and we look at the kind of cash that we expect to generate next year as well, we’ll have that conversation with our Board and make a decision as to whether or not we want to use some of the excess cash to finish the share repurchase program, for example. But right now, it’s steady on continuing to reduce the leverage and take out the debt.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Seth. Yes, I think the first thing that I would do before I get into some detail is that caution on the midpoint, right? I mean, we’re really thinking about this guidance as a range of possibilities and so probably easiest for me to frame that in terms of flow through for the back half, right, where it’s – where we land is really going to depend on how the revenue sets up first and foremost, right? And then if you think about it from a cost perspective, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there may be some variable costs that come back into business as we – they’ll flex with the volume, right? So if you even just think of the seasonal trend as we work out to the October peak, you may have some – we may see some additional delivery costs, right, and repositioning, even over time, right, where we normally will use over time to flex for labor needs instead of bringing in full-time heads. So we could see some of that come back in, depending on how the volume trends. Discretionary costs, we’re going to continue to keep a tight handle on, but we could see a situation where if things do start to open up, we do start to have folks spending some T&E, meeting with customers, right? Some of those costs could come back into the business as well, at a rate a little higher than the way we were able to pull back on them in the second quarter.
Jessica Graziano: So if I can just add one thing. The flexibility that we have is also something that will lean into as opportunity presents itself. And we can lean into a recovery and into the market, right? So we’ll be ready to spend when we need to based on being able to flex that model up as necessary.
