Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Mike, and good morning everyone. I’d like to start with the progress report on our integration efforts and then give you a brief overview of market conditions across our regions. On our call in July, we reported that our integration efforts got off to a very strong start and we’ve made significant progress since our call. Our field team has heard me say from the very beginning of this merger that we need to focus on moving the big rocks. This means making sure we’ve communicated with our key customers and our sales territories are realigned to eliminate confusion and that we communicate with our new operational footprint will be to serve our customers. So let me take a minute to tell you what we’ve done. I will start with the customer first. Our sales team has done a great job of focusing on our key accounts which grew by 17% in Q3. Now this was partially due to the fact that this past quarter we finalized over a 125 new national account agreements. And we’re negotiating while complete the remaining 260 throughout Q4. Additionally, we realigned over a 1000 sales rep territories. Now this was a large and necessary undertaking due to the overlap in coverage between reps from the two legacy companies. Our reps have now been in their territories for over 60 days and they’re well on their way to further penetrating their new territories and the customers that they’re calling on. : And operationally as Mike mentioned, we completed a 126 branch consolidations in Q3 and that takes our year-to-date total to 187. We’ve integrated the teams into common facilities, one technology platform and most importantly one voice to the customer in the effective markets. We’ve charged forward with an aggressive closure schedule and that speed of execution has allowed us to capture $45 million in cost synergies in Q3. So as a result, we’ve increased our 2012 achieved cost synergy target to a $100 million. Additionally, we’ve increased the top side of our range of our fully developed synergy guidance from $230 million to $250 million. When I break out the $45 million in cost saved in Q3, closures contributed about $18 million, and field staffing and corporate overhead reduction contributed $11 million each. Those three buckets totaled $40 million of the $45 million we achieved. We’ve also seen significant improvement in our branch productivity related to cost of rentals. This is specifically evident in markets where we’ve consolidated stores and taken advantage of the economies of scale. Our average store sizes increased by 30% in Q3 year-over-year. That’s how we’re able to grow our fleet by almost 10% over last year, while reducing the headcount that serves that fleet by more than 5.5%. Now we did face a few bumps in the road while moving through the integration. We’ve seen that our closure markets didn’t grow quite as fast as our non-closure markets. And that’s with this synergy that we feel comfortable we will recover through the focused sales efforts I discussed earlier. I’d like to emphasize how proud I’m of our employees for coming together as a true team. Almost half of our employees have had their jobs or reporting structure changed in someway as a result of the merger. But their commitment to United Rentals is as strong as ever and this is supported by a voluntary turnover which is down from last year as well as the tremendous engagement we encountered while conducting town halls in over 50 markets. Now switching over to our Q3 regional results, we saw a positive rental revenue growth in all, but one of our geographic regions. And we had over 27% growth in our specialty regions. Some of the higher growth markets are across the Gulf States and in the Southwest, but we’re also seeing strong growth in Western Canada, the Mountain of west and the Midwest regions. All but one of our business units are seeing strong EBITDA growth and improved rates. During my travel the past few weeks, I’ve had many long standing customers inform me that their backlog is strong. And they want assurance that we will have the fleet ready to serve their major projects. These comments are consistent with results we’re seeing from our monthly customer surveys where over 90% of participants say they expect their business next year to be at least as good as this year and almost half of those participants feel they will up 10% or more in 2013. Before I turn the call over to Bill for the financial update, I’d like to state how positive I feel that strategically we’ve never been in a better position to win in the marketplace. And that’s really what this integration is all about. We’ve been building deeper partnerships with our industrial and national accounts, we’re focused on cross selling the strength of each legacy company and we continue to focus on improving our customer scorecard. Those are the pillars of our strategy and our roadmap to success. So thanks for your time and now over to Bill.
Matthew Flannery: David this is Matt, I’ll talk about the key account rate harmonizations that we’re doing. We have – as I stated we’ve already inked and completed a third of those. We’re in negotiations with the other two-thirds, and the improvement is falling in line with our overall improvement and certainly we feel it accretive to our goals.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. This is Matt. We – first of all for the accelerated achievement of the branch closures and some of the other corporate savings that we’ve got that guided us to the $100 million for this year. As far as for the top end of the range, we are starting to see that there may be more opportunity and some of the central dispatching we are doing, some of the branch efficiencies I mentioned earlier about the productivity improvements in some of our larger scale facilities and we think that there is some upside there that we are going to get at and we should definitely be able to get at before our fully developed plan in 2014.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, George. This is Matt. I think what has driven the improvement is demand first and foremost, but we’ve also moved further away from those closures that started towards the end of June and as Mike stated, we are really ramped up between July and August and we're starting to move away from that. So, our team is much more focused on trying to grow revenue versus our early focus candidly was making sure we stabilized the base business. So, I think that’s given us some tailwind in time utilization.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. We did a big pre-buy of multitude reasons last year and we won’t need to do all of that this year and we won’t need the timing to be the same. If projects accelerate and demand peaks up we will always hold the right to adjust, but I don’t think it will be as frontloaded next year.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah. Sure. I’ll give you the time and then I’ll shift it over to Bill on the capital. Once you look at July, we were at 68.6%. For August we were at 69.7%. For September we were at 71%. As I mentioned in my opening comments as we stand for the month of October we’re slightly above 72%.
Michael J. Kneeland: And David on 2013; if we do what we expect to do what we’ve said we’re going to do at 7% for rate this year, that will give us a carryover benefit next year something like 2.5% even if we don’t advance rates any at all during 2013. So, pretty good tailwind to start, but let me be clear. We certainly do expect to drive rates beyond that carryover, but we’ve got a nice starting point.
Michael J. Kneeland: So, the cash that flows in during the fourth quarter we’ll immediately reduce the ABL and that will drive down that overall debt through the ABL balance. And then as we go forward as I said, we’re going to be right at about three times debt to EBITDA by the end of next year on our current view. And so you’re right, we’ll certainly be in the lower-end of the range pretty quickly, and we’ll be looking very carefully at how we should deploy that cash flow with a bias toward initially continuing to pay down our overall debt balance.
Michael J. Kneeland: No we’re certainly not trying to imply a specific number certainly not that low, right. You look at the S-4 data that we put out earlier this year. If you just add those, the RSC and the URI together plus synergies I think you get a number that’s beyond 2.2, so that’s certainly not what we’re trying to imply. I think there are a huge number of assumptions that we would have to guide you to in order to get to the right number and that’s why I’m trying to avoid that discussion right here now because there are just too many assumptions to walk down that road.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah well I will tell you – I think if you – obviously you’ve been hearing from all the other competitors that are out there publicly and those of that public debt out there, their rates all have been improving and also its supported by Rouse what he’s been – he recently had a call I think yesterday with one of the analyst. So that supports that data that overall the industry is improving on price. So that continues to grow. With regards to the way people are putting their fleet in, I think each one has their own strategy on where they’re going and what they’re trying to do. Each one is completely different. When you look at what we are doing, we said we’re going to focus on diversifying our customer mix, our portfolio and we’ve done that. And then we’re enhancing that, we’re growing across our footprint. We have the broadest footprint, that’s one of our – what I believe is a significant advantage for United Rentals particularly with larger accounts and that’s what we’re focusing on, and we’re utilizing the best of both worlds between both organizations and growing on that. Does that mean we have competitors in certain markets? Yeah absolutely, but on balance, I think that the industry is still reeling back from the declines of ’09 on the rate and they haven’t really levered-up or I should say levered-up or brought a lot of fleet in as if yet, I think it’s still challenging for a lot of smaller tier players to get access to capital. It’s better than it was, but not where it was before the downturn.
Michael J. Kneeland: That's hard for me to say. I don’t know what happens in the credit market, if things get opened up, I don't know. It’s hard for me to call. I can only tell you what Bill mentioned, how we’re thinking about the world and what we’re focused on.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. I’d tell you that it has some effect over time. It’s – we don’t look at it that way, but it’s a valid point. What we’re doing is we’re expanding what we call the other, inside of that you would see the power side, the trench side, and the tool side because we are going to leverage our footprint. We are going to leverage the relationships that we’ve and expand the expertise that RSC brings to the table. So to some degree you will see some changes. I think when we do our investor presentation, we will try to give a better view on what that would look like. It’s too early. We're going through it and we’re trying to see what the opportunities are. We know they’re there and we are actually investing so that we can capitalize on it.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah, I will also add that I made the comment – in my opening comments about penetration. Penetration to me is one of the drivers in the industry. It’s also a seasonality. The third quarter is always our strongest, so we did see it build up and as Matt mentioned – as we mentioned in the call – in our results that we did have a disruption. But there is a seasonal trend, but when you step back away there is a shift towards rental penetration.
Michael J. Kneeland: Jerry just on your comment about the time utilization next year, we will try to give some guidance later on and during our investor presentation on the fourth. But to your point on the seasonal swing, we did have a very mild winter. I don't know what that is going to deal with us this year, but on balance we will continue to strive to expand it.
Michael J. Kneeland: You know that’s – I think an earlier question we had was around the same thing and we are going to kind of give some guidance. We have to go through, we’re going to take a look at what is coming in from the – all of the regions on what capital they want to spend. As I mentioned before, we are expanding into the trench, the other side of the business, the tools as well as the power, which historically runs at lower time utilization with very nice returns. So as we go through our business process, and our budget process, we are going to take a look at that and then we are going to come back on the fourth and give you some guidance. I don’t know that’s going to change dramatically because there is still opportunities we think in specific markets and areas that we can do better, but you can look forward on the fourth.
Michael J. Kneeland: I think we – again, it’s about reducing the volatility of our results, so overall is an important driver for why we want to target a lower range. It will solidify our access to debt financing, although it’s pretty good right here now, but we want to make even more sure that we got free access to debt financing. It will reduce the volatility and cash flow and equity returns and that should make the equity more attractive. And it just gives us a firmer foundation for driving the strategy of the Company, whether we grow organically, whether we position ourselves for further acquisitions, it's all held by the somewhat lower leverage. So that was – those were the main drivers of the thought process.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us today and I want to make sure that everyone goes onto our website to see our latest Investor Relation presentation. I had some new slides out there that hopefully you will find helpful. It talks more about the business and how we’re seeing the world and we look forward to talking to you again on December 4th at our Investor Day. So operator, this concludes our remarks and you can end the call.
William B. Plummer: And Scott on CapEx, I’ll start with just an additional comment about 2012. We’re maintaining the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, but we’re focused more on the lower-end of that range for 2012 and we think that that’s an appropriate way to think about it right here and now. As we look at 2013, we haven’t definitely set a plan, but our general thought is that, our capital plan will look pretty similar next year to what it does this year, about flat it could be a touch lower and by a touch $50 million is sort of where I define a touch. If we do what we think we’re going to do next year in terms of operational results, with that kind of a capital plan our free cash flow is probably going to be in the range of $400 million to $500 million. That’s consistent with the forecast that we put in the S-4 that we released earlier this year and it’s still consistent with how we’re thinking about the next year or so.
William B. Plummer: Thanks Vance. So, we’ve spent some time recently with our Board talking about this very topic and we’ve aligned around a view that we will be targeting a lower level of leverage to sustain over the next number of years. So if you look at leverage just as total debt to EBITDA and I know that’s overly simplistic, but just to keep it simple we’re now targeting a range of between 2.5 and 3.5 times total debt to EBITDA and we feel comfortable that we can maintain that range over the next number of years and it reflects the cash flow profile that we expect to see over the next few years starting with that $400 million to $500 million range next year. 2.5 to 3.5 will be a normal operating range, so in good time we’ll trend down towards the lower-end of that range. Right now we expect by the end of next year, if you look in our investor deck if we give you some very broad brush forecast. We expect that by the end of the next year we’ll be solidly in the middle of that range, right at about three times, and from being just below four times on a trailing 12 basis right here and now. So nice robust de-levering over the next year to two, and we think that it makes sense for us to maintain those leverage levels as we go forward. What do we do with the cash flow beyond 2013, can I answer that question next year. I think we want to think very carefully about where we reinvest the free cash flow that we have. We’re certainly going to be bringing down debt consistently over the next several years and – but we also want to make sure that we’re looking for the opportunities that makes sense for our investors.
William B. Plummer: I think it’s the strategy. We’ve been targeting the key account groups that historically have rented the equipment for longer periods of time, and as we grow the share of revenue from those accounts, it’s a natural outgrowth of being with those accounts and its playing very well. It’s playing very much according to the strategy. As you grow with those folks you give yourself a better margin opportunity, because the cost fall away and it’s driving to that result as we speak.
William B. Plummer: Yeah, Phil. The biggest drivers are in working capital and CapEx. Working capital we – as I said earlier, we – we've revised our expectation about the impact of shortening the payment terms for fleet purchases for what we buy for RSC, that was probably the biggest factor. And then we are working at the lower end of our CapEx range and that contributed a little bit more as well. So, those were the two predominant drivers. There is a little bit of a benefit from profitability improvement as we started to realize a little bit more in the way of synergies, but it’s CapEx and working capital, the big drivers.
William B. Plummer: So, earlier I was talking about gross. Net is probably not going to be dramatically different than this year either. We are on target to realize new sales proceeds somewhere around $440 million and it’s probably going to be something like that again next year.
William B. Plummer: So without the specifics here in front of me, Jerry, I do know that what you call spot rates are – let’s call it what we call it, our daily rates are already above the prior cycle highs. The weekly rates are about at the prior peak and we're still below on the monthly rates, somewhere in the neighborhood of 7% below the prior peak. So, some room to go on the monthlies to get to the prior peak. Whenever people raise this point though, I always have to ask the question, why does the prior peak matter? Is the prior peak some kind of physical law that limits where rates can go? We don’t believe so. That was five years ago and the environment is different now and so, I think it’s interesting to talk about where we are versus the peak. I don’t know that it really defines where we can go though in the future.
William B. Plummer: No. That’s the monthly rate that we’re experiencing today compared to what we experienced back in the early part of ’07.
William B. Plummer: Let me just tack on to that real quickly. So that gave us the 7.5% year-over-year rate that we realized for the quarter, on our way to 7% for the full-year. I just wanted – I think there is – I’ve heard people talk about fourth quarter year-over-year rate realization and I’ve heard some pretty interesting numbers. So just to be clear, we think about the fourth quarter year-over-year rate realization needed to get to that 7% for the full-year as being about 6%. I’ve heard some numbers that were significantly higher than that and I just wanted to make sure that everyone heard it here that we are thinking of fourth quarter year-over-year of about 6%.
William B. Plummer: Yes, sure. We used to talk about the preferred leverage range being in the 3.5 to 4.5 times range and certainly 2.5 to 3.5 represents a shift in our thinking there. To give some context during the absolute depth of the recession in 2009, we peaked up just above 5 times on a trailing ’12 EBITDA basis. Clearly in the extreme, a higher leverage than we would want in our normal range. But that gives you a little bit of context of where we’ve been over the last number of years. So, 2.5 to 3.5 times is fundamentally different and I think it reflects our view that we want to maintain a reasonable level of leverage to make for very efficient capital structure. But we don’t want to go too far because you lose that advantage as you go too low in leverage. On the other side, you don’t want to get too high because it really does amplify the volatility and cash flow and returns that we have from the business and that’s something that hurts the returns for equity investors and makes the debt investors – puts them in a riskier position as well.
David Raso: Hi my question is about rates heading into ’13. Two angles on it; when you speak with your larger customers, some of the larger accounts you mentioned earlier you’re in conversations with. How are the rates looking from current levels looking out to the new contracts for ’13? And then secondarily if we kept the rates where they are today and just ran them out flat; how do you see that rolling into next year for full-year rental rates or maybe how first quarter ’13 would look? Just trying to get some sensitivity.
David Raso: Okay. And then on the debt reduction comment. The total debt at the end of this quarter over trailing EBITDA, pro forma is about 3.9%.
David Raso: [Obviously] I’m trying to back you into giving an EBITDA guidance for next year essentially because if you got …
David Raso: Yeah, I know, but I mean, so you can certainly do the math now, right? I mean you’re basically saying that the total debt the way I’m calculating this quarter was about $7.375 billion. You’ve generate 375 of cash roughly in the fourth quarter to get to the free cash flow full-year roughly. So if you’re at $7 billion going into next year and you generate say 450 mid-point, you’re down to 655 for the year divided by three, it’s implying EBITDA next year slightly below 2.2.
