Matt Flannery: Sure David. So obviously, we'll go through our whole planning process this fall, but we'll do a deeper dive and then update everybody, at year-end on what we expect 2023 to be. But to be clear, we expect to carry good momentum into 2023 whether that's the great fleet productivity, which there'll be some carryover effect, as a positive into 2023 or the larger fleet size. So just structurally we'll have some momentum going into 2023. And additionally to your point about the backlog, it remains pretty consistent on our CCI where our customers at a high level have been consistent for six quarters and that hasn't changed. So we're not seeing any kind of deceleration in our customers' expectation. And additionally, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, mega projects are going to be long term for us. So, they're breaking ground now and funded and we're talking billions, billions dollars of potential work out there. And we haven't yet seen a couple of tailwinds that I mentioned. Shovel-ready meaning activated for our rental revenue, the funding for infrastructure and a lot more what we believe is going to be a manufacturing resurgence. So those are the tailwinds I call into play going into 2023. Some of it is structural for our larger and momentum that we're carrying into 2023. And then, some of the macro areas that we have yet to enjoy that we think are going to be tailwinds in 2023.
Matt Flannery: No. Operationally, we actually see some efficiency on the large project. Admittedly some of the real large-scale customers our largest national account may have a little bit better pricing but they kind of even off. And the consistency and the longevity of rental for major projects is a positive offset for us. So I don't expect to see a big margin profile change based on the project sizes or duration. So I think that was the basis of your question.
Matt Flannery: Sure Tim. I'll categorize all this as our capital allocation prioritization. So, as you accurately depicted, we will finish a quarter in advance our $1 billion authorization and that was just a great opportunity for us to utilize excess cash that we have. And we'll still live in the bottom if not below the bottom of our leverage range. So we're very comfortably operating in that range and there's no magic to it. If we go below it for a little while that's not a concern of ours either way. The bigger statement I'd like to make is our prioritization of our robust balance sheet usage as well as our free cash flow. And first and foremost, it's to support the business whether that's organically as we've done a lot of this year or through smart M&A. And the opportunities we have to then disperse excess cash is not in any way indicative or a replacement for those first two opportunities. We absolutely can do -- this is an and strategy not an or strategy. We're fortunate that the business is in great shape and the balance sheet as Jess pointed out in our prepared remarks is in shape that we can -- on organic growth we can do some deals and still return excess cash to shareholders. And I won't get ahead of our Board, but as we think about the options in which we can do that we'll update everybody maybe as soon as October.
Matt Flannery: So, first off, we'll be up somewhere around 10% range at year-end with over $17 billion of fleet approximation when we end the year in 2023. So we'll have a larger fleet. And when we think about the value of that fleet we haven't really seen a tremendous increase. We haven't changed our plug for inflation in our fleet productivity. And even if that picks up a hair and I know we're hearing a lot of noise about that I think the opportunity that we've had and that we've executed on driving strong fleet productivity can offset that. And when I think about what the supply chain is going to look like next year which will kind of be the back half of that question we're already for over a month now early this year earlier this year than usual for sure talking to our OEMs about what our needs are going to be as they try to forecast out what kind of capacity they're going to need to fill the demand. So we're way ahead of the ballgame on planning with our OEMs. I know they're working their tails off not only just to get us the $3 billion that they've committed to us this year which we're on track which is great news, but also for the future. And so I know they're working hard and we have some that are doing better than others. But in aggregate the vendor base is really doing a good job for us and we expect the same in 2023.
Matt Flannery: Yes. In short, Rob, that's a yes and yes, right? So, certainly necessity is the mother of invention here. But all kidding aside I guided in April and I was never so pleased to be wrong that we'd be somewhere in the mid-single digits in fleet productivity. And all three components of fleet productivity whether it be rate mix or time exceeded our expectations. So that's why you see this robust fleet productivity. But the one that was most surprising to me was time because I had said publicly we were in so hot last year in the back half of the year. I'd have been pleased if we repeated it and the team outdid it. So, that was the one that was surprised not numerically the largest value of the three. I'm not saying that. As you know I'm not going to give numbers but it was the most surprising to me because we had a real high bar to get over it. So, that's how I would qualitatively talk about the really strong fleet productivity that we drove.
Matt Flannery: Yes. As you know because you visited our branch and we talk a lot about it. The technology that we've been embedding in our operations and the efficiency and productivity, that's borne out of that for many, many years, right, starting back as far as 10 years, has really given us an advantage over all the data that we see throughout the industry actors. So, we've always enjoyed time utilization gap to the positive. And part of that is scale, part of that is the network that we have and the density of that network, but it's also embedded by technology, and we've actually improved upon that. So, we do think it's sustainable. Admittedly the team surprised me and set new heights this year, but I don't think that it's not sustainable. At some point, the more interesting part is what is the level of optimal timing? Do we ever get a point where we want to make sure that we're still being as responsive as we are? And all the metrics tell us that's still happening. So, we're very pleased.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And we've always had a pretty diverse and robust pipeline of M&A, and that has not changed. As a matter of fact, it may have even increased a little bit, specifically in some of the bolt-ons, as you call them the smaller ones, where people have fully repaired their businesses from COVID. And now, there's probably a few people out there that would have sold just before COVID, but they weren't going to sell at those low levels. So, those people have repaired their business and have put themselves back on the market. And what you saw our execution on was really just spot opportunities in a given market where our local teams needed some more capacity whether that's people facility or fleet right? And that's the way I'd categorize capacity. But there are some big deals to be had and we're still working that pipeline. It's just a matter of which ones get over the transom right? And when I say smart M&A, it's because it's going to have to fit all three legs of our stool that we've talked about, and that last check on the smart is the financial. So we got to have agreeable terms and a willing seller to get them over the final leg. But we're working the pipeline on both big and small deals.
Matt Flannery: Yes, it would be the latter. There's not a demand issue in any way shape or form. And as a matter of fact, Jess alluded to we've even sold less used to help fill that demand since we -- in a normal year, we would have the OEMs pull forward -- have already had some CapEx pull-forward into Q2. And as you see, we're stuck to our original plan of around 900 and then another 1.1 in Q3. We don't think we're going to have the opportunity to pull any more forward from those numbers. And I'm not -- our suppliers are working real hard to fill that and I know the challenges they have. And that's why you didn't see us raise our CapEx. In a normal supply environment, you probably would have seen some increased CapEx. But we are using the used sales lever and pulled out all the -- any broker and auctions or trade-in. We don't really do a lot of auction and trade-in sales to make sure we use that extra capacity to support the business.
Matt Flannery: Yes, sure. It will be -- and as we had stated in April, it really hasn't changed our plans. We expect to do about 900 this year, which we're right about there. And then, we do about 1.1 -- I'm sorry, in Q2 900 and about 1.1 in Q3. And we think we're on track to do that. And then that leaves you another depending on where we end up in the range, let's say, 5.5 for fourth quarter. So, our expectations haven't changed all year. And as I stated earlier, we just don't have the opportunity. There's not a lot of wiggle room for the vendors to accelerate or to increase that at this point and that changes -- we've updated everybody. We do not expect that to change in the mid of the rental season, which is Q2 and Q3.
Matt Flannery: Yes. That's quite contrary, right? We're seeing -- a part of the great strength you see is that we're primarily selling the retail channel. And we've built a unique engine in that way compared to the rest of the industry. So we're not going to stop that, because that's driving great pricing. But even within retail on -- year-on-year retail we're seeing strong pricing. So we've heard a little bit recently about people talk about that rollover. Maybe that's auction driven, but we're not seeing it in our experience or in the retail channel.
Matt Flannery: Sure thing, Clay. Performing very well. If you recall, we had said when we announced that deal that we wanted to double the size of that business in the next five years and we're ahead of schedule. The team is really doing a great job and the supply chain has helped. And ironically, when we initially bought them, that was probably the toughest time for quite some time to get containers and the pricing was up. But things have a remedy for that and the team has taken full advantage. And as you heard on my prepared remarks, such a great job that I wanted to call them out specifically for the growth they're doing. So we're excited to see that the thesis we had around the deal and buying that platform and growing it organically is executing ahead of schedule.
Matt Flannery: Our network, right, so relationship with our customers. And these were products that we knew our existing customers, where we had deep relationships with, wanted and now we're able to supply them. And that was a big reason why we looked at adding that product to our mix, with a platform that was big enough, so that we could support most of the network, but also small enough that we could grow it organically and then pay for the multiple that we paid for it. So it's really been a win-win from a strategy perspective and the customer support.
Matt Flannery: Yes. As far as customer behavior, which I think the second part was, Ken, we're actually -- because the market is so tight here, we always are about repeat customers building loyalty, building partnerships. And I would say in a tight demand environment -- I mean supply environment for the robust demand, our customers are really relying on that. So we -- our team has done a great job meeting the challenge, but it's in a tight environment. We've got to make sure we come through for those customers and we think that bolsters our relationship selling opportunity and the one-stop shop value that we bring to these customers. And I would say, if anything, the relationship and appreciation of being able to be a one-stop shop has improved.
Matt Flannery: You beat me to it Ken, absolutely. So I – that's what's embedded. If you use the midpoint that would imply a high single-digit fleet productivity for full year and that's where we think we'll end up.
Matt Flannery: Well, yes, as you know, Scott, I'll be painfully consistent in not giving quantification of the metrics. But just qualitatively, you're seeing what our other peers are reporting. The whole industry is doing a good job driving fleet productivity including rate. So naturally, there will be some carryover. I'm not going to quantify it, but there'll be some carryover just on the rate alone. And as far as mix and time the team – although, we don't give the numbers the team works really hard on making sure we're driving positive fleet productivity in every metric under their control. And although, the comps on time certainly and I'll sound like a broken record, as I said that, this year will be a challenge. So we expect that to moderate. We still think that there'll be opportunity to well exceed our expectations of that initial 1.5% for fleet productivity.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So, I'll take the latter part of your question. We're simply talking about the production slots right now. I don't -- to be fair to our partners, I don't think they know what their costs are going to be at the time. It's really to prepare all the raw material get ready to build these assets. So, we're focused on production. We'll expect to get win-wins with our partners as usual. Ted, I don't know if you want to take the first part of the question.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Just to be clear, we do expect 2023 to be a growth year. We're just not ready to give details on that. We've got a whole lot of work to do from ground-up planning process that will start this fall and we'll finalize in the fourth quarter.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining us. We're happy to share such a strong midyear outlook and we'll have more when we talk again in October. And in the meantime, you can reach out to Ted any time with your questions or comments. Operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Ted Grace: Yes. Seth this is Ted. I'll take that one. Look in the quarter itself you saw really strong results. So we certainly are not seeing pricing headwinds. On a sequential basis, we were up high single digits. So it's certainly something we'd be keeping an eye on, but it's not something we've seen in our own results.
Ted Grace: Yeah. Mig, this is Ted. I would say it's all of the above, right? I mean, it's certainly, the expectation that we're going to have more fleet on rent as an example. It's the idea that we'll certainly have positive fleet productivity. And certainly, you'll see – the used sales are obviously implied to also be up in the second half versus the first half as we've held back fleet in the first half to make sure we're satiating customer demand. So I don't know that, I would pinpoint it to kind of one or two variables. It's really kind of a continuation of the fact that, the business is performing very well and matching the seasonal curve that we would usually see in our industry, right? So Q3 is always that lift up from Q2 and admittedly to your point off a high base, but we think a lot of that momentum will continue.
Ted Grace: Yes. What's baked into our assumptions is consider the normal seasonal patterns that we usually enjoy, but now at a higher level, partly driven by a little bit more fleet than we thought by selling less used although the bigger needle mover is the strong fleet productivity. So we've created a higher base off which to go to. But if you look at the curve overall, we expect the year and implied in this guidance is the standard seasonality just off a higher base.
Ted Grace: Yes. Mig, I mean I don't have those numbers off the top of my head. But certainly, if you were to look at kind of the sequential revenue patterns, historically that would be a reasonable way to think about normal seasonality.
Ted Grace: Look, I think it's early to kind of get ahead of guidance on '23. But certainly from our tone, you can hear we feel pretty good about the outlook looking certainly through the end of '22. In terms of what that translates to we'll have an update in January. And certainly -- and we'll be working on the '23 plan, as we get into the fourth quarter, so certainly more to come there.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Congrats on the quarter. And Jess and Ted congratulations and best wishes in the new roles.
Scott Schneeberger: You're welcome. The – I guess, that last question was a great segue to my first which would be clearly a very strong year this year and in 2022. And it looks like you're going to be ending the year quite well. So as we think about fleet productivity exiting 2022 and going into 2023, how should we think about the carryover impact? Just any thoughts and magnitude on what we can enter next year carrying? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thanks, Matt. And I appreciate the qualitative response. And I guess, Jess, where are you in the delivery expense? If you could speak to how in this inflationary environment how that's trended in the first half how you all have been managing that in a tough labor market internalizing transportation versus maybe using third party just commentary on that? And also, how you're managing any pressures with fuel and any new lessons learned on the go forward? Thanks.
