William B. Plummer: Yeah. So, I'll start out and please chime in Mike and Matt. The rate range that we give, actually, if we achieve the 3%, you would have some positives in the back half of the year on a reasonable profile of where sequentials would go. So, it's not like we're saying, there's going to be declines every month in the remainder of the year. And in fact, if we repeated last year's sequential performance from May on, that puts us right about the mid-point of the down 3% to 4% range that we gave. And there were some flat months in last year's sequential decline. So, we're not here saying that there are going to be sequential declines every month going forward. We're saying that we want to make sure that we understand how our business looks if you don't get a significant turnaround in the short-term. The reality is we did start weaker than we thought in the first quarter, and things don't turn around instantly. And so, we're trying to allow room for things to take a little bit longer to turn around, but we certainly believe that that's a possibility and that's why we put the range the way we did.
William B. Plummer: So, George, maybe I'll start and ask Matt and Mike to chime in. I think it's just a continuation of what we saw late last year, right. Remember in the fourth quarter we talked about Canada being down significantly. I can't even remember the exact percentage decline in revenue, but those factors that continue, right. We continued to have adjustments in the oil sands projects, and the western part being a major driver there, continue to have pressure on some of the commodity pricing that affects other industries elsewhere within Canada. And that's being exacerbated by all the fleet looking for a home and moving around in that marketplace. So, I don't know Matt or Mike, you guys point anything else specific that might have changed in the last three months.
William B. Plummer: I think, we've seen pressure in different category – excuse me – different customer segments. I think that reflects the overall dynamics of what's going on in the marketplace right now, right. It's an excess of fleet, and that fleet is going to look for a home, and whether it finds a home with a large national or a mid-sized regional or a mom – a small walk-in oriented market, I don't think it discriminates. So, we've seen pressure in a variety of different areas. I think, the key for us is to make sure that we support our strategy, right, which is make sure that we're embracing those large national accounts, is the core part of our strategy. And then continuing to offer the services that justify the mid-sized and the smaller players coming to us as well, and to do all that at a price point that reflects the premium service that we offer. So, I don't know again, that Mike, I'll ask if you guys want to add anything, but I'd say, I wouldn't point out any particular group of customers or project types that represent the price, the pressure on rate. But that's another way of saying that we've seen some pressure in a variety of different areas.
William B. Plummer: Yes. Sure. So, the intent is to respond to demand, and that's going to drive the number, so that's why we hesitate to give you a more specific guide. What I would say is we could spend as much as we did last year. If the demand continues to hold, and if we can land the fleet from OEMs. But we could spend materially less than last year, and I know that's not terribly helpful, but it could be – in the area of $600 million, it could be in the area of $700 million, just depending on how the demand plays out as we go through the quarter.
William B. Plummer: Yeah. Hey, David, so, there are a lot of assumptions in there. What I'd say is the – regards the exit rate from 2016 or the carryover into 2017, if you want to use the midpoint of our current rate guidance, right, down 3% to 4%. If we finish the year at the same pace as last year on the sequential, right, that approximately 3.5% set of sequentials, the carryover for 2017 in that scenario would be something like a point negative, right? So, we look at that and we say that's not insurmountable to overcome during the course of 2017 and get back to positive rate throughout the course of next year. So, that's how we think about sort of what we'd have to overcome in order to get to a modest rate increase next year. As for the CapEx, we gave a range, right? We said it could be $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion, I think it was. And we're using that as a statement that we're going to be very focused on preserving flexibility and responding to the market more so than just saying, hey, we're going to spend $1 billion – it was $1.6 billion at the top end of that range. We're going to spend $1.6 billion right here and now in 2017, come hell or high water, right. So, we're going to be responsive. We're going to be very mindful of how rates do behave as we finish up 2016, and that'll inform our thought about what rates are going to look like in 2017 and inform our thoughts about what CapEx plan should be as a result.
William B. Plummer: Nick, pump is tracking fairly well for us in terms of coming in relative to what we had planned for the full year. In the first quarter rental revenue was basically flat and that's where we had our mindsets coming into the year. We're having pretty good success in looking at verticals outside of oil and gas and driving the cross-sellers we talked about for some time here. So, we're feeling good about pump relative to the forecast that we had for the full year.
William B. Plummer: Sure, Jerry. I think it's important to recognize that – obviously we don't control pricing in the marketplace. We respond to a significant extent, but at higher levels of utilization, we have more room to select those rental transactions that are most appealing from rate, and it gives people some confidence in being able to quote rates that are a little bit higher. So, that dynamic we expect to play out as the year goes on, and that's why we're encouraged by our ability to improve our rate realization. When it gets to absolute sequential increases, it will depend on things that are outside of our control, including the overall level of industry fleet, and the level of utilization of that fleet in the industry, that's why we spend so much time talking about how industry fleet is being absorbed. You used the word confidence, it's a matter of confidence to say that you are going to start moving sequential rate higher several months down the road. Our experience recently has made us to be mindful of getting too aggressive and far out ahead of where the market actually is. And so that's why we put the rate forecast out there that we did. The key for us is to make sure that our management processes are focused on realizing as much rate as we can in the marketplace. And if we do that and if the industry absorbs more of the fleet that's out there and avoids bringing in a lot of excess fleet to compound the problem from here, then the rate we realize is going to be better than what we got in that guidance range. But it's hard to put that down in black and white in a forecast as we sit right here.
Matthew John Flannery: Sure, Steve. This is Matt. I would say that the two are connected, but the strategy of trying to drive both rate improvement and time improvement has not changed. Our time utilization doing better than we had originally thought was mostly due to demand and even overcoming some of the headwinds that Mike talked to in his prepared comments in Canada in oil and gas. We have some real strong end markets. I'd say 70% of our regions – and those are the ones that aren't touched by oil and gas and you could think about it geographically as on the coast – have robust demand. And that's what we're taking advantage of. As far as, what's that balance between rate? That's more of a supply dynamic. And we added a slide, on slide five of our investor deck, where you start to see where the absorption of the fleet coming in has been over the past year and where we're starting to see some improvement there. And that informs the stronger end of our range of 3% rate. That's what we're driving towards and we believe the supply side will work its way through because there is such robust demand.
Matthew John Flannery: No, if you think about our rates, Steve, and you separate out the U.S. and Canada, we're not where we wanted to be in the U.S. Our rates in the U.S. are down 2% for the quarter versus the 2.8%, and that's driven by – in the tougher markets where there's not demand, where there's not time utilization in Canada, our rates are down 9.7%. So that's really where the big drag is. If you took oil and gas out of the number, large oil and gas, our rates would have only declined 1.6%. If we had numbers like that holistically, we wouldn't have re-guided rate. We would have overcome that. We would have felt like, with our rate management systems and the robustness of the focus, we wouldn't have had to re-guide. But when you put the whole experience in, we just thought it was appropriate to give that guidance, I just want to reiterate: we're driving towards the better end of that guidance and even beyond. This is not a statement of a lack of focus; it's more a statement of realizing what we experienced in Q1.
Matthew John Flannery: No. I wouldn't put it just to Canada. As Bill had talked about in his comments, if you carry through what the rate build was planned to be in the year, which had our initial guidance and you carry that through the balance of the year, that's why the revenue guidance dropped. It wasn't just specifically Canada and I think we spoke about that in detail.
Matthew John Flannery: Yeah. And I would add, Joe, I think, it's just how quickly can we change the momentum, right? And that's probably what we're after. The good news, as Bill pointed out, April, we started to see an improvement in momentum, and how quickly that plays through, we'll see where we get to reaching our goal of 3%.
Matthew John Flannery: Yeah, Robert, this is Matt. I think, you're hitting on something where the real challenge markets are pretty dense. And when you're thinking about Western Canada and more specifically Alberta, we've been very aggressive in moving fleet out of there. And that's been able to help us right size our business, and we're seeing, it's broad-based in Western Canada. We're seeing our competitors face with the same challenges. It's a macro issue and not a performance issue with our team or a market share issue. It's really just a macro issues in Western Canada. I want to separate out Eastern Canada because I think they might even have some opportunities in some of the provinces in Eastern Canada. It's just not robust enough to call out, but because it's concentrated in certain areas, we are able to move the fleet profitably.
Matthew John Flannery: Well, I think, most of us realize, right, so it's a very highly driven by natural resources, the whole country quite frankly, and I think, it was just exacerbated in Western Canada, but it's something that as Bill pointed out was really driven in Q4 and Q1 this year, and during that period, we pulled over $70 million of fleet out of Western Canada. So, we've been very aggressive in dealing with it, and I think, I would leave it at that. I mean, it's – it'd be hard for me to parse out knock on versus the racks, I think, the whole economy, and if you're in Alberta, almost the whole economy is somewhat oil and gas related, and that's where we've seen the biggest drop.
Matthew John Flannery: If I – so, we haven't proven to be great forecasting it, to be frank. But I would say that we're expecting our improvements to come in the U.S. and that's where we think the opportunity is, that's where the greater demand is, and where we expect to get our rate of growth.
Matthew John Flannery: David, as I had said earlier – it's Matt – it's the supply side. And we saw that mid-year last year, and you saw it in all the Rouse data. There is just more fleets that came in that didn't get absorbed. And if it ended 2015 that way, then we knew there was a first half of the year dynamic, just because of seasonality, where it was going to put more challenge on it. So, I would say that it was less – we didn't have an expectation that rates in the U.S were going to be positive in the low season Q1. And I think Canada has just really, really surprised us even more so. But this is the supply-side dynamic we've been speaking about for the last few quarters.
Matthew John Flannery: Yeah, we believe so, and I think that's a fair depiction of where we are and we're going to be moving a lot of fleet around as we always do. But I think the big moves of having to move major blocks out of any geography, I think, we've swallowed that pill.
Matthew John Flannery: Yeah. I mean, I think that's obviously the one decline or – but really one of the few declining verticals we've, we've talked about ad nauseam, which is specifically upstream oil and gas. We've actually seen some improvement in certain markets in refining. We've seen great improvements in chemical and infrastructure. And, I think additionally, and Mike – I think, it was Mike referred to it in his opening comments, we have some targeted vertical efforts, admittedly in some smaller verticals like entertainment and restorations, where we've been – we've been very encouraged by what we're seeing through those efforts and that's a strategy change that we're going to invest in and continue to implement as an organization. So, I think that – there is a plenty of robust end markets, both vertically and geographically that we feel comfortable with the level of capital being able to be deployed profitability.
Matthew John Flannery: Sure. Jerry, it's Matt. So, most national account contracts get negotiated somewhere around yearend, either a month or so before or a month or so after, it depends on the length of negotiation. We're not seeing – so, we've renegotiated just about all of our national account agreements for this year already and we're not seeing really any significant different performance than the overall markets that they work in. So, the Canadian national accounts are maybe faring a little bit better than the overall market, but in the U.S., our national accounts are behaving like the rest of our business. And, usually that's the way it's been throughout the last few years, both pre and post acquisition. So we don't foresee any difference.
Michael J. Kneeland: The other thing I would add to that is – this is Mike, by the way, I would just add that, in my opening comments, we still maintain a premium. So, we're not sacrificing. The market is the market. This is the first year in, what, five years that we haven't had – the industry has had oil as the backdrop, and we understood that. And we also are looking at ways in which we can drive efficiencies in our fleet and our CapEx spend. So, we took CapEx down as well in Q1. So, we wanted to see demand. We're seeing demand, and that's what gives us a lot of comfort for the cycle still playing out.
Michael J. Kneeland: So, this is Mike. It's the unknown. We know the snapshot of where we are today. We know what we're spending and how we're spending. We've taken down our capital spend significantly. It's what I don't know is going to happen for the rest of the industry, and what they intend to do and spend. So, it is projected, as you stated, according to Rouse that it looks like some time at the end of the second quarter, you could expect some sort of equilibrium. Now, I can't control what the rest of the industry does. I can only speak to United Rentals. But, it gives me – what I've seen it so far and what I hear from OEMs, it gives me confidence that our market – and we're marching in the right direction. That's the unknown. And is there opportunity? Yeah, that's why if I look at the 3% to 4%, there's some opportunity for some positives. But, we have to call it as we see it, and put it up, and kind of de-risk it a little bit.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, Seth. The only thing I would add is if you take a look at one of our investors' deck, the industrial outlook for Canada by province, I think, is a good way of looking at it, and it's not just oil and gas, it is minerals and metals that are all wrapped in there. You know as well as I do Canada is reliant on commodities, natural resources, with the Western taking the biggest part of that, particularly in the oil. And you see that highlighted in our deck by province, reduction outlook on industrial spend that they see in Canada, offset by growth both on the east and the west, far east and far west.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah, David, this is Mike. We haven't changed our stripes. We took CapEx down this year. And the easiest thing I could do is just throw CapEx in. To your point, our growth CapEx is going to specialty. As we go through the year, it depends how it plays out, is how I think – how we think about it. We don't know. We're giving ourselves the flexibility, but we haven't changed our strategy or our story as far as how we're thinking about it. This is – we're not going to throw out CapEx for the sake of volume.
Michael J. Kneeland: David, we can't – we obviously can't comment on sort of the dealers and what's going on there, but what I would say is, you're right. The fleet tends to come now, but so does the demand. And what we're taking as encouragement is that the relationship between growth in fleet and growth in demand seems to be one that's near or heading toward balance. And you couple that with the pain that the industry has suffered overall regards an excess of fleet, right, low utilizations over the last – well, since oil broke, really. We think that there is a very reasonable case to say that the industry will continue, even though they're bringing in more fleet, bringing in less fleet, than demand might otherwise warrant and that will help with absorption. So, that's the mindset that we're bringing to it, time will tell, whether it's right or not, that's why the uncertainty is, why we're being very flexible and how we approach spending capital this year, right, but based on...
Michael J. Kneeland: The other thing I would only add to that is, there's still some revamping of some automotive plants that are underway, and will probably play out for the balance of this year and to next year.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah, this is Mike. I would only add that, in those numbers, upstream oil and gas is down about 70% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues they're relatively flat. So, we've been diversifying our portfolio very nicely and we still see increases in opportunities in the cross-sell.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah. Jerry, the only thing I would add to that is, what lessons learned last year has made us a better company. We have a lot more rigor and control around our fleet and our capital. And we've made significant improvements in our process. That gives me comfort, number one. If you were to ask me, okay, hey, Mike what were you thinking when you gave us guidance in January, given the numbers that we posted there. I would tell you that we go through and the team goes through a rigorous process to figure out what has to occur, what has to be true on rates and utilizations. And as Bill mentioned, they're moving targets in one direction or one aspect to the other. So, in January, our plan called for being down 0.3%, we actually finished 0.4%. So, tenth of a point, not bad, but it really was in February and February is always a swing month for us and then it was really – it leans on March. And then, as March played out, that's when we – as we've talked about that the whole got bigger, but the demand was picking up and we started seeing that demand and you see that in the numbers that we've talked about. So, it's a balancing act, we think, we can improve on that, that's our goal, that's our job and we'll continue to focus on it as we go through the year and report out to the best of our ability how we see the world playing out.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks operator. But before we end this call, I want to mention that Ted Grace has joined our team as Head of Investor Relations. I think many of you know Ted from his work as the analyst covering the industrial and construction sectors. Ted and Fred will be working closely together in the coming months. So please feel to reach out to them in Stamford anytime. And then going back to my opening comments, we have this specialty tour that's set up from May 5. We hope to see many of you there. And please reach out to Fred as soon as possible. But I look forward to showcasing the capabilities of our specialty branches that we are very proud of. So thank you for joining us and hope to see you in Tampa. Thanks. Bye.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I'm sorry. Yeah. Sorry about that. I appreciate you taking the question. I know it's looking out to next year, there's a lot of movement in oil and gas that could change things and so forth, but on your slide 18, just trying to think about the midpoint of your CapEx is basically net CapEx goes up 27%, 28%. And when I think about the way you're laying out the rest of the year, you actually exit the fourth quarter with rental rates down over 3%. But in that slide you're saying you think there'll be modest rate growth. So, I'm just trying to think through, if I'm going to raise CapEx that much in 2017, I'm exiting 2016 with a lot of negative carryover on rate. Obviously, I guess, the answer could be you're just that bullish on 2017. I'm just trying to think through how that makes sense to start the year that negative on rate, you're going to raise net CapEx mid-point by 28%, and we think the full year rate in 2017 is going to be positive.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Yeah. I was just trying to think through what some of your suppliers may – if you face that decision today, do you err on, I want to get that rate positive and I'll back away from the CapEx growth? I know the CapEx, though, is going more specialty than general rent, but I'm just trying to understand – is the focus still on we want to push rate? And obviously, last night's report made some people question, is it about trying to play a little catch up on some volume growth and market share recapture or – no, it's just the dynamics of this year and next year. Of those two, you would err on: we'll pull the CapEx down to make sure we get the rate.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I think – thought it was interesting that the rate breakdown that – even if you pull out large oil, and I assume that was large oil out of U.S. and Canada, that the rate was still down 160 bps. Was – is that – I mean, in a way is that almost more the surprise, that the rate degradation in non-oil and gas areas? I mean, it's just a little more – I know there is a hangover in the whole oil and gas contagion, equipment moving to other parts of the country. So, it's interesting that rate even outside of oil and gas is down when the utilization – and correct me if I'm wrong. The utilization's probably stronger outside of oil and gas. I'm just trying to marry that up so I understand the kind of core gen rent business outside of oil and gas.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Well, that's what I'm trying to understand. I mean, obviously we all try to figure out the supply-demand balance. But when you think most iron gets delivered now, all right, April, May, June – I mean, obviously, your CapEx in particular is heavily second quarter. So the idea of forecasting fleet versus demand, I mean, we haven't really seen the real fleeting up this year, right; seasonally, it's still to come. And when you spend time with dealers, it doesn't seem like the rental CapEx is even going down this year versus last year, which would still be fleet growth. So, I'm just trying to understand – it's not your data. Maybe it's not a fair question to you, but...
