William B. Plummer: Yeah. Sure, Scott. I'll start and certainly, Mike and Matt, please chime in. So, if you look at the range of rate guidance that we gave, if we were to deliver flat monthly sequentials for July through October, and then a normal kind of seasonal decline in November, December, that would put us to the minus 2% high end of our rate guidance. If all of that happened, then we would go into next year with a carryover of about flat for 2017. So that's the high end of the rate range guidance. At the low end, it would take sequential declines of about 0.6%, let's say, each month from July to October in order for us to come in at the down 3% end of our rate guidance. If that happened, again with a normal November, December, we'd have a carryover going into 2017 of about negative 1.5%. So that gives you the two ends of the spectrum as to how we could finish out this year and what it means for next year. Hopefully, that's responsive. If not, ask another question.
William B. Plummer: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is if there is an opportunity, we're going to take it. We're not shy. We've got the tools. We've got the management team that's myopically focused on it. So if there is an opportunity for us to take more, we're going to definitely reach for it.
William B. Plummer: Sure. I'll start by addressing the non-res, Mili. It is our biggest vertical and we still saw a nice growth in non-res in the second quarter. And we can make that statement about the first half of the year as well. And some of the indicators that Mike pointed to I think would argue that we should continue to see nice growth, maybe not quite as strong as what we saw sort of late last year, early this year in non-res, but still it should be nice, right, whether it's ABI, whether it's Dodge Momentum Index, some of the REIT starts data, backlogs that we've seen from various industry groups would support that non-res verticals should remain a solid base for us of growth. And then when you look in some of the other verticals, we've seen growth in our downstream oil and gas vertical in the most recent quarters. That's encouraging to us. Upstream is still a challenge as you might imagine. But the refineries and some of the other related industries have been solid growth for us as well. Again, there's some timing items that flow through, but certainly that's a nice platform for us that we think will continue to be a growth engine go forward. And then there are host of other verticals where we can point to that do see growth going forward. Matt, I'll ask if you want to focus on any in particular. If not, I can continue to take off.
William B. Plummer: Yeah, sure, Mili. You saw in our investor material, we put a range out there between $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion I guess was the top of the range that we put out. And I would say that we really do think about that full range as being available to us for 2017. As we go through our planning process starting up here in a couple months, we'll refine our view. But we are really going into 2017 saying look, our expectation is that the overall market will continue with attractive growth for us, and that will put us in a position so that we could spend anywhere in that range. The $1.2 billion that we're spending this year, I'll remind you, was heavily influenced by our desire to get our utilization up this year. We were down last year, we wanted to recapture that this year. And, I think we're making real good progress in doing that this year. If we do what we want this year, and if the market is still robust next year which we expect, then we'll be talking about, okay, what's the right number, and it will fall somewhere in that range. So, more to come, as we refine our thinking about next year.
William B. Plummer: Yeah. Thanks, Seth. I appreciate being pinned down. Look, we will have much more conversation about it, and answering a hypothetical is always a very dangerous game. What I would say is if we felt like we were carrying flat carryover into next year, and if we were confident in the demand supporting that or better, then I think we'd be more willing – certainly more willing to spend more than the $1.2 billion we're doing this year. How far up we would go in that total range? Hard to say right here and now. $1.7 billion is the max that we've ever said, $1.6 billion would be a shade under that. The question at the top end of the range is, A, would you have enough confidence in the environment to spend close to the max that you've ever spent? That would be a robust discussion. That said, it's on the table as we sit right here and now. More realistically, I think, we're probably looking something more like what we spent last year, that $1.5 billion kind of number. Again, but that would be dependent on us saying, yeah, we've got a rate environment that's okay, and we've got a demand environment that looks like it's going to sustain. And it's got to feel like it's going to sustain more than just calendar 2017, right. And so, those are the kinds of things that we'd be discussing; we'll be able to say more as we get into our Investor Day late this year.
William B. Plummer: Yeah. If we were at $1.5 billion – again, dangerous game playing with hypotheticals, but I think specialty would still be a very significant portion of the growth capital in that kind of scenario. I'll remind you what we said before, right, this year, we don't have a lot of growth capital in our gen rent business after you include the effect of inflation.
William B. Plummer: So, if we're spending more than the $1.2 billion, then some of that incremental spend would be going into the gen rent side of the business, but we'd also be supporting the growth in our specialty businesses in a robust way as well.
William B. Plummer: Sure, George. So, I mean, we touched on it before. It's partly the interplay between rate and time, and how we expect to be able to manage that go forward for the second half. We think the demand environment will be there to allow us to realize our goal for the year, which was nice year-over-year time ut. improvement. And we've got to make sure that we're approaching the market in a way that that allows us to do that, while also realizing as much rate as we can. So, I think that's really how to respond back, right, is that – it's the interplay between rate and time that we expect. We do expect to be able to continue to drive nice year-over-year improvement in time utilization. You saw 30 basis points in June, that's below where we want to be and need to be, and so we expect that we'll be delivering a little bit more year-over-year improvement as we go into the back half of the year. And we're going to be focused on doing that.
William B. Plummer: Yeah, George, to the numbers, I think, you saw 3% OEC-on-rent growth in the second quarter. If I had to put some numbers to it, I'd say we might be just slightly under that in the third quarter, and around that number in the fourth quarter as sort of a way we're thinking about it. We need that kind of growth in order to get to the utilization improvement that we're looking for on the capital plan that we have, but I don't want to get overly precise with those numbers, because as we said that interplay between how we go at rate and time utilization which is OEC-on-rent in the numerator is something that we're going to manage actively as we go forward.
William B. Plummer: So, David, we give the range that we give to be explicit, the ranges on all of the guidance that we give, could lead you there. And I can't argue with the math that could come out, but I just, I think we do this every quarter, I'll just emphasize that the ranges are ranges for a reason.
William B. Plummer: And don't anchor yourself too much to the midpoints of the ranges in guiding how you think about how we're going to do this year. Now that said, we are facing an environment where we expect rates to be down 2% to 3%, that's a significant headwind for a year to start out with, and utilization improvement is a great thing to try and offset that, but rate is pretty powerful as you know. So, that's a challenge that we are working to overcome. Will we overcome it or not, tune in later in the year and we'll see.
Matthew John Flannery: Sure, Scott. This is Matt. I would say the only reason we were able to achieve 90 bps of year-over-year time ut. and any sequential rate improvement, it all starts with demand. So we feel very good about the demand. So we give more credit to the opportunity that's out there and the customer demand for both of those. As far as what actions we took internally to drive May and June sequentially positive, it was really, as we look at those two levers of rate and time, we came out of Q1 with a rate performance that we didn't want to continue to absorb going forward and we had a little bit of headroom on time. So we were almost myopically focused on rate to achieve that, to the point where we even achieved sequential positive rates in markets that have really tough macros like Canada; that was in June. That was a lot of cutting the tail, so to speak, really getting rid of some of the anomalies, and just a very rigorous focus to reset the baseline of where our rates needed to be for us to continue to serve our customers in a profitable manner.
Matthew John Flannery: Sure, Joe. This is Matt. I think you have to first start with how sequential is measured, right. So it's the current month feeding off of the previous month. So by definition that great May, June performance raised the baseline to what you're being judged on in July. So what you saw was just the new contracts going out, as you think about it this way, were not greater than what you achieved in the previous month or the last contract that just came off rent. So there's a lot of inputs, and then you have to think about different geographies and different customer sets, and different products. So, I think to Bill's point about the ability and how difficult it is to forecast sequential rate on its own is proven out by the ebb and flow of what we've seen here in the first half of the year. It's a very, very dynamic metric. But as we manage the business day-to-day, as each manager out in the field is looking at it, you're balancing your decisions on rate and time and is that a profitable customer, not just on that individual transaction, but in the whole of our experience with that customer. So I would say it's just putting a little more emphasis on, as I answered in Scott's question, a little more emphasis on the rate than you normally would in a balanced environment to get the baseline back up to where it needed to be. And now we're going to make those business decisions based upon profitability and customer demand going forward.
Matthew John Flannery: Sure, Nick. This is Matt. I mean, it's been competitive. It's been competitive for the past 18 months. And I would say that to Mike's point about the Rouse data, that supply continuing to moderate should help ease some of that competitiveness because the demand is there. So that's the great news, if demand is there. I think the challenge that we have to focus on is when you are the big guy on the block, you have the requirement to be the leader. And we take that leadership position very seriously and there is always going to be in any given market somebody that wants what you have. That's nothing new. By the way that happened during the peak runs in the 2000s and it happened from 2010 to 2014, and we just need to make sure we keep a balanced approach to how we're going to defend the business we have as well as grow upon new end-markets and that's why you hear a lot of focus on our specialty business, on our value prop, and bundling all of our services and utilizing our footprint in a way that's unique advantage to us. So that's how we balance it, Nick, and that's how we'll continue to go on.
Matthew John Flannery: No, I think we've covered it. I think, the largest opportunity is, what we've learned through our process of our go-to-market after some specific verticals and the success we had there, has really paid off. So it's not just where the end-market is, but where are the verticals that we can bundle our services, and support our customers, maybe deeper than we have in the past is something that we're really focused on and we're encouraged with the results.
Matthew John Flannery: Yes, Seth, this is Matt. I would say it's still too early for that. Everybody is reading the same rig data and the same reports, and I would say it's still too early for us to see it materialize into additional revenue, but it does give us comfort that we may have passed the trough, which is good news. And we were kind of planning on flat in the oil and gas markets for this year anyway. So we've moved the fleet appropriate. We think we have some existing capacity in there to absorb a little uptick, which would be great, but nothing that's making us think that we'd actually be moving more fleet into the oil and gas market at this point.
Matthew John Flannery: Yeah. So, David, this is Matt. That trench and other is a real broad bucket, you've got pumps in there, you've got light towers in there, you've got all kinds of stuff in there that's watering it down. So, I would not take that trench and other as a proxy for specialty in any way, shape or form. If it were just specialty, we'd still have the drag, that the pumps dealing with, right, obviously.
Matthew John Flannery: But, I would not – we'd probably change the label on that, maybe it won't be trench and other, maybe it will just be other, but that is not a proxy for our specialty product.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, Scott, this is Mike. The only thing I would add to that is, we're using data and the live data that we've got it to a point now where we can communicate that to management much more simplistically and in a user format that they can help manage their markets better than what we had before. So it's a combination of both.
Michael J. Kneeland: So there are several answers there. So in my estimation, I think we have moved beyond the oil and I think that has been fully absorbed. I think what we're seeing now out of the Rouse is net new acquisitions or net new fleet being added to the mix. It's not unusual because typically in the second quarter our industry has a tendency to fleet up that captures the balance of the year. The answer is going to lie in what does the balance of the year look like and the good part of it is there's reports now that are out there that we can have a better understanding of what is happening and make adjustments accordingly and we have done that; that's number one. Number two, I think by order of magnitude when you ask is everyone playing safe or playing right, I think that one of the things that I took away from the Rouse report, I believe, it was in May, the report actually saw where the supply was below the demand. The demand was higher. So that would tell me that their people are being good stewards in understanding of the industry trends. The question is does it continue? That's everyone's question.
Michael J. Kneeland: So from a demand perspective, Canada is still very, very challenged. Now there's some provinces like if you look at the GTA, the Greater Toronto Area, we're actually up year-over-year. So there are some good spots, B.C. isn't bad in Western Canada. But if you can imagine the provinces that are resource reliant and commodity reliant markets, they're really hurting right now. As far as fleet movement, I think that we'd pretty much move the fleet out of Canada, if we need to. As we sit here today, our Canadian business is down over 11%, but that's only 3.1% on fleet on rent volume. It's almost 8% on rate. So we think we've got the fleet right-sized in Canada, and I think most of our competitors have done the right thing as well and gotten their footprints and their head count and their fleet rationalized to the current market conditions.
Michael J. Kneeland: I'll try and take. This is Mike. I'll try and take a macro view, and then I'll let both Bill and Matt talk about and chime in as well as the verticals. But you're right, there's positive encouraging comments around construction, and there's also some negative and cautious variables out there. I mentioned the ABI, the Dodge Momentum Index is another one, non-res starts, contractor backlog, the ISM, PMI, our own customer survey, these trend towards the positive. On the other side, we mentioned the Rouse non-res construction put in place that slowed a bit. The other part would be the construction employment numbers that came down. The question we have to ask ourselves is how much that was due to projects related in and around the oil and also possibly some weather related. (37:31) keeps on coming down here in the U.S. So when we look at our backlogs and we talk to our customers, they are very optimistic in looking out over the next year of the projects they've got booked. And we're not going to go into details because I'm sure a lot of my competitors are on the phone too. But do I think that our overall construction will be tempered a little bit, yes. Do I think has it gone down to a point where we're not going to see growth, no. I think that the fundamentals are still there as we see it today. And that's kind of how we're looking at it. Matt and Bill can chime in or add more about the verticals.
Michael J. Kneeland: Sure. I think, there's a chart that we have out there, on our – it's on page six of our investor deck, that kind of shows the cadence of how our OEC-on-rent has progressed this year in comparison to other years. And you can see where it lift up last, as Bill mentioned, our July time utilization is up nicely. So, I think, the cadence you see there is going to be a similar pattern of delay in which it follows by the seasons.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. As Matt mentioned, it's really a tale of two sides. There are some positives that are happening out of the East as opposed to the West and Western Canada, which was impacted by oil. But on top of that also the players that put things on delay. I will tell you that to restart the facilities there takes an enormous amount of work. It's not an easy feat. So and as you think that, that will be – the things have stabled out. So, I think over time, with the capital investment that the government has committed, we'll start to trickle in over time. My sense is that, could it be a year, that's anyone's guess. I know, I can't predict where oil will be, tried that didn't work, but my sense is that, it's probably more on the mends than it is on a decline.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, thanks, operator. I want everyone to feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, who heads up our IR here in Stamford, and also our new investor presentations are available and downloaded on our site. I wanted to thank everybody for taking the time out to join us on today's call. So, I think today is – now is an appropriate time to end it. Thank you very much, and talk to you in the third quarter call.
