Matt Flannery: So -- this is Matt. As you guys know, we've talked about it many times before, a lot of the purchasing that we do for the full-year, we do in advance, so by January of this year, we'd already had all of our slots in which covers about 70%, 80% of our capital spend for a year. So we're not really seeing that impact from ourselves from a cost perspective. As far as where this ends in the industry, obviously increased prices for new products if that's where it goes should help the used proceeds, should help the market for use in what is already a robust market. So from that perspective, it certainly could help us and that's what I'd say about it. Thank you for the question.
Matt Flannery: Certainly. So, as you can see from the numbers we reported, we still are selling into a robust used equipment market. It's impressive with the year-over-year growth, but when you look underneath the headline of almost 30% growth, what's really impressive is almost 50% growth in our retail products. So we didn't drive this by doing brokered work or a lot of trades. This was certainly not options, not a channel that we usually participate in, but this is selling to end users, customers, and supporting their needs. So, we think that's encouraging on two fronts. Number one, we want to be a one-stop shop for them, but more importantly, it means they feel good about the amount of work they have coming forward, which is why they're buying used equipment. So, Q1 was really a great start out of the gates, and we think it'll remain to be a nice, robust area to serve our customers in used sales for the balance of the year.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So as you guys know, we'll really get into the meat of our inflow of additional capital here in Q2 and Q3. So that's where we're bringing a large portion, 65%, 70% of our full-year capex will come in those two quarters. So, we'll have plenty of inflow, and we still have headroom within the existing capacity we have. And my point was, we've absorbed all that excess capacity we had outside of our normal Q1 last year when we hit the decline in mid-March, all of a sudden we had all this extra capacity. Well, that's worked through the system very well, and we're at more of a normalized pace right here for the seasonal cadence, and that'll include a little bit extra capacity we have now, but more importantly the inflow, which we didn't have last year, our significant CapEx to help serve our customers in Q2 and Q3, and that's what will support this additional demand that we're seeing and anticipating to continue.
Matt Flannery: Frankly but just because of the easy comps alone, we're going to have significant fleet productivity in the balance of the year. I mean, we're talking double digits. So, we feel really good about that, part of it is easy comp, but reason why we raised our guidance as part of it, we're in a better place today in fleet productivity that we expected to be coming out of Q1, and that's why I made those absorption comments. And so, we'll certainly see robust fleet productivity improvements throughout the year based on that year-over-year improvement.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Yes I mean, it ties in line with rate guidance, it ties in line with everything we've discussed.
Matt Flannery: So infrastructure overall is more than double-digit percentage of our overall business revenues. We feel good about that. And that's before a bill. So when we think about infrastructure overall, it's an area we decided to invest in years ago, because we knew that the latent demand was there, we knew it was an area that that could bring us long-term growth. And now that we're talking about, whenever a bill gets passed, we would see that as icing on the cake, certainly not going to have a 2021 impact. But with the demand, the need for especially in the U.S., the need for the infrastructure bill, we feel really good about how much focus we've put on this area for the past few years. And it's paying off well, and we think that'll continue to be the case. And whatever the amount of funding we get, we think we'll outpunch our weight, so to speak, in that category when we get more funding.
Matt Flannery: I think there'll be, I think you even heard from some of the public calls this week from some of the larger OEMs, that they're starting to get their handle on their supply chain that's improving. I don't know how long it will take to work through the pipe, we've got plenty in the pipeline for the next quarter or two, that to absorb regardless, and that'll support the demand. And then I also think that, we are -- when I think about our Top 10 vendors, which is really the big portion of our capital, we have very solid relationships and feel that, we support each other. And we'll continue to do so. So we don't see that as an issue. And the other part of your question earlier was about the increased CapEx. I just wanted to point out that was not a net change. It was really just the increase in our CapEx guide was about the increased used sales that we're guiding to. So you're not seeing a net bump there.
Matt Flannery: And that's more to do with the year-over-year comps being so favorable in that category. I will say and Jess reminded everyone appropriately, that we don't go to the components, because it's the interplay of them. I don't want anyone to mistake our rigorous management of the components that go in. Our leaders in the field, and our sales teams just are very focused on the components of fleet productivity, which is driving appropriate return and rate for our services, making sure that we don't -- we're not over fleeted and that we're serving the customers and keeping that balance. So just want to clarify that.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Neil. So first of all on the capacity and specifically with like, retaining your team or branch closures, it's all over the board. So you have to think about, what -- how strong was the company coming into the pandemic, and everybody had to do what they had to do. We were fortunate that we used our strong balance sheet, right, resiliency of our business to retain because we knew when we got through the other side of the tunnel, we wanted to make sure, we could respond faster. So that was a very definitive decision we made. I'm sure some others made that same decision, and I'm sure others had to do, what they had to do to make sure they had the liquidity and they had to get through in a different way. So I think you have a little bit of everything there. And as far as customers being able to fill their own capital demands, I'm not really hearing that as a priority right now, it is early in the season. But I will say if there's one area where the supply chain could impact, it would be on new sales, which is by definition of spot sale, a spot deal, right. So we're not going to take rental slots that are really precious right now to support any new sales. So it could have an impact on new sales on the margin, but that's a small piece of the business anyway. So outside of that, I'm not hearing much.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I'll answer the first part of it and I'll ask Jess to take care of the internal inflation. From a customer's perspective and you kind of tied it to rate, so I'll do might replacing the fleet productivity. First and foremost, it's why we put that 1.5% bogey, if everybody remembers, when we talk about fleet productivity, we understand in any environment, our job and what we pay our managers to do out in the field, is to make sure we can outpace inflation, it's natural in every business. And what could be an accelerated inflationary period looking forward for a bit, we'll see how that manifests. That would just up that need. And certainly, with all components of fleet productivity would be leaned upon to help drive that. And inflationary costs will be being absorbed by customers. So they'll understand the dynamic. I think as far as what it does for the industry, when you think about cost of capital inflation now that could drive some secular penetration for rental overall, as an industry, we'd see that as a positive. People would. It'd just make what we think already pencils very well for a favorable look to rent versus own, it would even drive that gap and that help that we can give people even more so. So I'd say that'd be a benefit for the industry. And then Jess, you can handle the internal inflation question.
Matt Flannery: So frankly, we don't know how it's going to impact, it will bring over the data as we do many acquisition over from them. And we'll try to make ourselves a better owner by driving more productivity of that. I would say, I wouldn't characterize it, that's more self-policing. That's not really the business, we're going after. This is a rental model, they use the term leasing, but it's really rental, right? It's not balance sheet management, it's not financing, it's truly rental and just wanted to clarify that because they do use the word leasing. Now, the asset attribute is more of a longer return focus and necessarily an immediate value. Because just like tags, the assets live 25, 30 years plus. So, you'll see a little bit different profile, but this is much more of a return-based business, and more importantly, strategically for us, just another step to the one-stop-shop, value prop for our customers.
Matt Flannery: So as excited as I am about GFN, and how much I want to talk of it -- talk about it. I do remind everybody, we're still in regulatory approval phase. So, we can't go too far. But we -- but what we have said, and what I'll continue to say this is absolutely a growth play. And it will be a standalone product category for us. We're a big believer and not homogenizing specialty products. We're a big believer in having the focus on them to drive further growth as you see in the rest of our portfolio. And you could expect that that's what we'll do. Now leveraging our network is a whole another -- and customer base is a whole another opportunity that we feel comfortable as we bring this team on board. And we feel that'll be a huge growth driver for the business and for the people that we're bringing on, we think brings opportunity, both ways we're excited about it.
Matt Flannery: So first off, one of our biggest COVID learnings and something we talk a lot about in the past, Rob, is the flexibility and resiliency of our model. And I know that wasn't your specific question. But when I think about your question of what we learned in the last year, way it was great to see that manifests itself in reality versus the modeling of it. So that's first and foremost, we can be as flexible as we need to be. But a big part of that flexibility is to your point on the cost side. Now some of this was -- let's say where we get into comps into Q2 and Q3 where we had a naturally low cost and we were like a shutdown mode. We won't go quite that far. But the learning of insource. And one of the ways we were able to retain the capacity we had on our team was to insource a lot of the work that we were outsourcing previously, both in R&M, in third-party delivery, longer haul transport, the transfers, those are learnings that I think we may be able to be more efficient longer-term as this business -- as the business gets back to operating at full capacity. And then unnecessary travel I don't want us to go as far as nobody travels. I want us to get back to that not just the team building, but getting back in front of our customers, and building those relationships and selling the value in-person. But we certainly have a lot of learnings that not only is that COVID taught us from a cost perspective, but also from a time management perspective, from an efficiency perspective. That will be another one that I think will certainly stick around in a lot of industries going forward. So those are the things I'd point to.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think we'll actually look at our headcount model of the past. And think about those peak periods of how much of that peak period can be served by additional headcount, that'll add other values versus the higher cost of outsourcing. And it'll depend on market and it will depend on the duration of that peak. If we have a peak need, that's a month or two, well, frankly, it's probably a lot. We'll continue to outsource on that. But if we have a longer period of peak, I think that's where we'll adjust some of the metrics, we use historically in our headcount model, and probably get some learning some savings and more importantly, some additional capacity and productivity. So that that's an area that we can't wait to get back to full throttle. And we're getting there. We're closer that today than we've been in a while. And I think we'll share those learnings as they go.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think that our guidance actually denotes a more normal seasonal build. Think about that we would have achieved in 2017 2018, even 2019 stage as opposed to what we just went through. So, although the seasons did repair, so by definition of goals in 2020, we see this to be much more normalized seasonal buildings embedded in our guidance. We are at a little bit of lower point from a fleet perspective, as you guys know, but we feel really good about not just about of 2021, but the repairing of the economy and our end markets going forward. And then we get further down the road, we start seeing oil and gas pick up, energy overall pick up, we feel really good about the outlook.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think it's important to note that that we only utilized four months of that capacity. So, we're sitting here only four months, year-over-year higher fleet age. And you've heard us talk historically about leaving at least 12 months’ worth of headroom. We went through a pretty severe 2020 and only had to utilize a portion of that 12 months. So, we actually feel really good about where our fleet age is. And as Jess stated, we'll bring it down a couple months from the inflow and some of the used sales that we'll do this year.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and thanks for everyone for joining us. We're off to a great start in 2021 hopefully hear our enthusiasm in what is now a growth year and we'll give you an update and look forward to it in July. But until then, you can always reach out to Ted if you have any questions and don’t forget you could find our Q1 Investor Deck online. And there is also a separate deck for the General Finance acquisition. So thanks for joining. Everyone stay safe. Operator, can you please go ahead and end the call.
Jessica Graziano: So, hi, there. This is Jess. So we actually do not any longer talk about the components within revenue, specifically utilization or mix, but rather speak to fleet productivity. And as really the output is any interplay between those three factors. And as Matt mentioned earlier for -- as we look at fleet productivity that will, just based on the comps from last year get significantly better, as the year plays out, that's going to be largely due to the opportunity in absorption in the remaining quarters of the year.
Jessica Graziano: Sure, thanks, Matt. Hi, Tim. Good morning. So if I think about it from a P&L perspective, right. So there's of course, the revenue component and the cost component, and the revenue component, and the support that the P&L gets in that kind of environment will of course come from, how fleet productivity sets up, right and the individual components within that. So if I then shift to the cost side of it, as you mentioned labor for sure is a consideration. And we talk -- we've talked a lot about the merit increases that we do in the normal course across our business as one component of our contracts with our employees, in addition to lots of other things like training and benefits and other support and managing through merit increases and other inflationary costs that we would have by looking for offsets within efficiencies and productivities whether it's leveraging our scale to tighten up on costs within the branch network, not unlike we talked about in leaning more so on insourcing than the premium cost in outsourcing things like delivery and repair, but also just working through the P&L on smarter ways that we can drive better efficiency in things like facility costs, and utilities and things like that. And so, we'll always look to offset other increases where we can to ultimately protect the EBITDA and the margins that we're delivering in the business.
Jessica Graziano: Yes, hi. So, we think we'll be down a couple of months; just we sort of use the midpoint a guide and play that through. Like you mentioned, we think we're probably at the highest point now. And then that'll start to kind of move down to, as I mentioned, a couple of month's younger fleet as we finish the year.
