William Plummer: So Tim I will start and please Mike and Matt chime in. I think I hit on it in my comments and Mike did as well. There's the dynamic of oil and gas is a major factor that we continue to work through, but we feel like we are making good progress in working through it. The industry as well as working through it and I think overtime they will. As long as there is not a major down leg on oil and gas drilling activity given what we've seen and we put some more information in our investor deck to share with you the trends that we've seen in oil and gas activity. We think that the impact from oil and gas is stabilizing and even if it goes down a little bit more, it's not going to be a major change from here. The supply dynamic is one that I think we're also very focused on. Some of the mid-sized and smaller players according to data that we've seen from Rouse and elsewhere have been growing their fleets in the early part of this year. What we've seen and heard more recently, let us call it over the last couple of months is that they are much more attuned to the challenges that the oil and gas dynamic have put to the industry and so people are now focused more on making more disciplined decisions we believe around their supply in the current environment. So, that's what frames our thinking that we can work through this supply excess if you will in the relatively near-term, couple that with the demand back drop that we've talked about says that we'll get through this and times should be better going ahead. I don’t know if you guys want to add anything Mike or Matt.
William Plummer: I would say they would fare better as they have they’ve been almost over half of point better through the second quarter and we'd expect to see that combination. And flat to down there could be some lumpiness in there but if you do the math that’s needed to happen for us to reach our current guidance. And if there is more to be half out there as Mike stated we will go after and we do think the opportunity will be in the non oil and gas segments.
William Plummer: So, Steve it is Bill we're human beings so to the question that is their more cautioned probably. Look, we had a view of rates starting the year. We had a view of rates at April and both were wrong. So we thought very deep and hard about what we expect from the remainder of this year. And that's influenced by our experience. So, how much it is harder to put a number on it, but we feel like this is a realistic view and look I mean we've set about 0.5%, could it be 0.4 or 0.3, yes, could it be 0.6 or 0.7, yes, so I think it's fair to say that our thinking was influenced by the experience and we don't want to be in a position of missing this time to be brutally honest about it.
William Plummer: I know you pointed out to it on the investor deck, which by the way we've broken it into two segments, so it's easier for people to go through. One is the financial deck and one is the background information but on Page 6 you'll see a non oil and gas locations. And you'll see greater than 20% upstream exposure the one with less than 20%. And we always see a ramp build is very similar to what the pattern you saw last year. You'll see that in the oil patch, particularly the upstream, you'll see the bifurcation of where it actually pivoted in March, and the drag it's been, but it seems that it is moderated as far as the timing. One thing we will tell you, is according to Rouse is that for the company, for the rentals, we still lead the industry in our peer group on time utilization. That being said, we don't have time, we got more to do as Mike mentioned. We got some more assets to get it clear out of here. We're going to get that done. So, this is a -- this movie hasn't played out yet, but we're focused on it.
William Plummer: And Nicole it is Bill our '16 forecast does assume rates turn positive year-over-year in '16 and so the note that we've put in the investor deck about it averaging 2% thereafter reflects a positive year-over-year in '16 and then a greater positive in '17. So that's the profile that we expect. The fleet absorption issue that we're playing through right now, we've talked about it being a 2015 or perhaps early 2016 phenomena. And that's shaping our thinking about how we approach allocating fleet capital and so forth.
William Plummer: So if you're looking for statement about how the sequential in '16 will shape up we certainly have looked at that differently then we might have done have we not have the oil and gas location that we have right. So we tempered our view of how the sequentials in '16 will play out versus where we were before oil and gas. Hopefully that responsive to your question, if you got another question ask it a different way Scott.
William Plummer: Sure Scott so when we look at two major cats some of our larger products are similar to what you'd imagine the overall company is and maybe hair better. So the aerial products the reach fork products are similar a hair better than what we're seeing is the overall company. Some of the higher return assets that are in the oil and gas whether it's some dirt product or light towers they're seeing a little pressure because of the extra capacity moving into different and moving them into different markets. So I guess the way I'd answer is the more fungible the asset the more it seems to act like the overall business and those are less fungible life comp like some of these high hour assets that have been in the oil and gas for a while where we're seeing a little more rate pressure. And these aren’t huge swings but there is some delineation between the two.
William Plummer: I do this without going through a quarter by quarter breakdown in 2016. Maybe I'll approach it this way if we finish the year the way we have in our forecast for the second half of 2015. Our carry over into 2016 will be about a quarter over point negative. So that’s where we would start the year and if we got any reasonable sequential progression from that and that will start digging us out of that negative carry over position. Is that helps.
William Plummer: We haven't broken out national pump utilization sort of separately. You know, as you might imagine, it is on a year-over-year basis it is down materially. But that is about as far as, you know, as we have broken it out. Matt, do you want to.
William Plummer: That is a great question and so let me step back and say, if you recall, that used margins continue to be very strong. But more importantly we took a look at and if you take a look at just the U.S. economy forecasted growth in '15, '16 and '17 on real GDP it is supposed to improve. When you look at residential investment, business investment, and even the state and local investment, it is supposed to improve. Forward take a look at what Dodge has put out and we have this all broken down in our investor deck. Construction, excluding utility and gas plants, is going to be up in '15 by 9%. Projected 12% and 15% and 14% in '17, and then we even break it down by NHS where they see real construction growth by sector over the outlying years. Again all public information, all independent, and all of the primary goals, or I would say the primary business of non-res construction, which is a big catalyst for our industry, remains positive. So overtime we see that to continue to play out. With regards to the fleet, and I've talked about this, you know, the -- I understand the re-fleeting, I get it from all of the independents, they have been somewhat blocked out for some period of time. They won't have a endless supply of capital available to them. And I also think that with the rouse information, at least 55 participants, aside from the United Rentals, participate in this. So they have real data. They have real information by which they can help judge their business better today than ever before. And I believe that they sign up for this so that they can understand how they can drive better returns, how they can drive better cash flow, so that they don't get themselves into situations when the cycle does turn. So I don't see the cycle turning yet. I think there are still multiple years ahead of us, and we tend to agree with the experts that are out there.
William Plummer: Look we're in a very good position right now we're giving billion dollars of share repurchases in back stock holders, so this point of flexibility to do acquisitions. But I will tell you that we have a high bar and we look at these things we've cashed on a lot and some that we have been intrigued by but it's ongoing. I would just say that the rigor is out there is not going to dissipate. I think that’s important for everyone to understand that this company has not change its view or its goals of where we are and where we intend to go on the returns whether it be capital whether the acquisition they all go in the same bucket acquisitions have to be on their own merit as to strategically, financially and culturally why we would do it.
Matt Flannery: No I think Bill you covered it well when Mike referred to the time utilization in the non oil and gas stores only being down 30 bps and imagine how much that they have to absorb into those end markets that they are participating in from the oil and gas this location. As well as everybody getting a little bit head on their fleet purchases and that’s an encouraging sign that bolsters our opinion.
Matt Flannery: Yes sure Seth so and as Mike said that additional 200 million of the flexibility to take that away without the kind of the risk of long-term relationships and long-term revenues and accretive positive good return revenue, so that’s why we came to that decision but when you parse out the gap year-over-year between was about 130 basis points and if you look at our full year guidance this year versus our full year actually this year. Half of that is a call that we made to continue our path on pump. So we've got a little over $70 million in pump assets that -- with that business being down we could monetize if we thought that was the right long-term decision. But we want a fund the additional cold start growth as well as can't really not fire sell assets that have plenty of trade left on them and will have value for us long-term as we see this other recovery for that business. That’s an investment we made for our longer term gains. So that’s half of that, 130 bps of year-over-year decline. Bill as pointed out that we moved a 125 million of assets at the oil and gas. That’s only two-third to what we have to do. We have about another 60 million that we have to move out in the balance of this quarter and we have action plans, individual assets identified. When we tie those two components together, those are the best to drag that’s the 1.3 year-over-year drag that we're dealing with and it's not unfortunately as simple as us saying we are not going to buy the remaining 200 million of high time assets in general business and replace some with those assets that are dragging the time down. And that’s why it looks a little dislocated from afar when you dig into the detail which we've obviously done. We're comfortable with our plan.
Matt Flannery: Yes, if you look in the industry background deck on Slide 32, you will see that we have acknowledged there has been 11% year-over-year decline in revenue in the pump business and to Bill's point we haven't pointed out time utilization but we showed that in the slide, in the deck, and that's the best that we talked about earlier, right? About our longer-term view of this business and holding those assets that have a lot of tread left on them for the longer-term gain.
Matt Flannery: Sure. That is the aggregate of the improvement that we have been building so a little bit of that is the momentum that we've had over, you know, the last couple of years, candidly. So that when is I had stated earlier in answer to Scott's question, that they're a hair better than what we're seeing overall in the company and when you pull out the oil and gas participation of those assets, that hair turns to be a little more significant, right? So that when is we're talking about the positive sequential rates in more than half of our regions and you have to imagine it is big a part of our fleet as aerial and reach fork are, they have to participate in that. So hopefully that answers your question.
Matt Flannery: As we obviously saw in our largest year-over-year sequential time utilization gap, so it have a drag on the overall business we have since rebounded from that, so it certainly has some impact on the first half results. But candidly we don’t think that was the major reason it wasn’t a specific period of time. But I think the overall dislocation of the fleet that was brought in then and faster than expected decline in a big end market of oil gas is probably have more to do with it. But May weather was certainly no helping and we did see our largest dislocation we were over 170 bits down year-over-year in the month of May and then rebound it up to 130 bits in the month of June.
Michael Kneeland: I would only add one data point that I pointed to in my opening comments was Rouse and they’ve got a wealth of information on this particular subject. And if Gary was here on the phone he would probably say that exactly what Bill mentioned that as we went for the seasonal side it is being absorbed and the utilization and we always see on ramp is increasing.
Michael Kneeland: Sure, Tim. Just the way we've characterized it is that July rate is very much in line with our expectation for the remainder of the year. The time and fleet on rent growth are a touch ahead of our expectation for the remainder of the year. And maybe I'll offer up a little bit more here. Your natural question is what is your expectation Bill? We're not going to give the exact number for the month of July, but our expectation for rate sequentially over the months remaining in this year, are flat to down slightly on each of the remaining months, so that gives any little bit better frame for the rate expectation.
Michael Kneeland: Yes and Seth this is Mike and it's a great question. And it is one that we've been debating internally here for the last few weeks. Actually I would say the last few months. Well I think we have to start let me breakdown the CapEx for you to begin with of the 1.6 billion of rental CapEx. If you take away the inflation adjusted replacement CapEx of 114 that leaves you with a growth capital of about 460 million. And this is all seen in our investor deck that we have out there. We will spend on that 460 we will spend $70 million of that this year to refurbishments for our rental assets and the investments in our GPS or telematics for the fleet. So this is surrounded and that leaves about $400 million that is split evenly between our specialty business and our gen rent business. Now as I mentioned our specialty is doing quite well and we're funding the 10 cold starts that we started and we've eight more to go this year that’s a high margin business, high return. And it also provides an entanglement with our customer base. So now we're talking about roughly $200 million for the gen rent and we're the growth really goes into our national key account business where we've had some new wins and we're also investing in high time utilize assets. But when we think about the Investments, we don’t think about it just as a point in time. We are investing in what we think is the cycle that has multiple years of growth apparatus. But I want to also point out that, you mentioned that of dropping our CapEx this year. I'll point out in the investor deck that we also dropped it coming in the next year and that’s always subject to change just as the -- as we go through this year and we think about next year and we going to December and we come out to the investment community, we'll update you. If we think that the worse is behind us completely and there is some rational behavior is going on and we can see more, we're going post more. But that said, we're actually very comfortable on our inventor plan as far as the rates are concerned, just to address that, yeah you are right. It declined and if I recall -- when I talk about rate, people are asking me -- they use to ask me when we were coming out of the recession. Mike how do you see this? Well, used priced margins improved than you see utilization, than rate. Our rates been impacted but time utilization because of the influx or working through that as we go through the back half of this year. Now I will tell you quite honestly Seth if we have to adjust next year. We will. But I just don’t think about it as a point in time, I think it is a continuum because we buy these assets after the life cycle. And it's really it comes down to a judgment call, and this is how we've debated this and this is where we came out and we're comfortable with it at that point.
Michael Kneeland: I'll start a part of it and I will Matt to chime in, our national account represents about 40% of our total business and it's up 7% in the quarter. These are contractual long-term obligations for us. So line of sight on those is pretty long in comparison to the rest of the industry. I will ask Matt to talk about time utilization and some of the dynamics.
Michael Kneeland: No I would just say when you break it down market-by-market and you see that more -- half of our reasons have had sequential rate improvement in Q2 as opposed to the overall company. And nine of our 14 regions have shown year-over-year growth. We see that there are still markets that even absorbing extra capacity in the near term or performing well. And that what's gives us that confidence that we can -- we continue on the path that we re-guided to -- more importantly that '16 and '17 end market still strong for us.
Michael Kneeland: There is nothing major and specific that we have baked in or our forecast for the second half. And so if you want to interrogate that has been conservative, I guess you could reasonably do it that way, but we don't want to get too far down the road of forecasting higher flow through unless and until we've got a better sense of where that’s going to come from. And we put the best foot forward on flow through and our comments year to date and we're going to work really hard on it in the second half.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator. And I do want to thank everybody for taking the time to spend with us. If you have any additional questions, please reach out to Fred, but as I stated just a moment ago, this company is going to be remain focused on executing on its plan and making sure that we focus on returns and that our goals have not changed. We are better equipped today than we’ve ever have in our past. And we'll pull that leverage we need to accomplish our goal. So thank you very much and have a great day.
