Matthew Flannery: Sure, Dave. This is Matt. So first off, I think one of our opportunities, especially if we know it ahead of time, right? So if we feel comfortable that the work we're going to do throughout this quarter and our planning process for 2020, and the field validation and customer information that we're going gives us a better view. The sooner we can reposition stuff appropriate to where the opportunities are, the better the outcome's going to be. There will be some nuance not just between oil and gas and other markets, some nuance as to markets that bring higher returns than other or a different mix than other. But I think in the balance of a full year planning area, the most important part is getting the fleet in the right area so we can maximize the usage of that fleet and therefore, our fleet efficiency. So that's how we view it. Acknowledging there can be some moves. All that work will be done in detail from the ground up, and then reviewed top-down to get us ready for 2020 guidance in January.
Matthew Flannery: I think by really probably midway through this quarter, but certainly by the end of fourth quarter, that answer will be a yes. To be fair to the question, oil and gas accelerated -- the downside of oil and gas accelerated faster than we thought in Q3. It's only 4% of our business now. Rig counts are down at the end of the -- as we sit here today, 17%. And our revenue's down 20%. So does that get worse? I don't know how far you can fall from this low level, but that will be the only wild card. And to be fair, that is what created our challenge here in the back half on movement and extra investment we need to make to pull that fleet out because it is a unique market. Other than that, our movements are usually just part of our regular business because we have those very fungible assets in such a broad, broad network. So long -- short answer, yes, understanding that oil and gas part to be the only variable. And I don't pretend to know where oil and gas is going, but I got to imagine it's pretty close to the bottom.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. As we've discussed before, as much as I'd love to be able to predict this, just like we would love to predict rate and time that precisely. Those are the 2 biggest variables along with mix in these numbers. We're not trying to predict that. It's an output that we are utilizing to discuss what happened. And really not getting into -- even for the fourth quarter, forget about 2020. The predictability of it or our ability to forecast it, we still peg 1.5 point overall throughout the year is what we want to do and what we want to achieve because we want to achieve our inflation. That will change in some years and maybe our inflation will change in some years depending on what the macro is. But we're really using it as postmortem on how to explain how our revenue acted than a predictive metric, to be fair. So it's a long no, but I'm just trying to give you color on why.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. No, I understand the viewpoint and the position there. As always, we'll do the obligatory don't anchor of the midpoint. But to be fair, we give you -- we create the midpoint for you. It really is a number that's going to move compared to where we end up within that pretty tight range that we gave you. So -- and part of that range, you will be very pleased with it. And if we end up in a different part of that range, maybe less pleased. But I would just say it is a way that we talk about the output and not to be predicted. So I get your point though. So thanks for that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So as we're into the planning process, and we'll be doing reviews here and within the next 30 days, in detail at the field level, we'll -- a couple of data sets that we look at. In addition to everything that all of you have access to, our additional information, as we've said before, is our customer confidence index, which remains strong. I referred to that in my prepared remarks. Whereas we have still 60% of our customers survey believe next -- 2020 will be better than 2019. So admittedly, that subset is more large customers. So as we've said before, strategically why we focus on large customers is they're the ones that are going to do better in a slower growth environment. So yes, you could say if you want to jade that at all. But 97% of the customers say it will be flat to better. Only 3% of the customers are looking at their business as 2020 being down, so that's a good indicator for us.  We then need to test that with our field representatives, whether it be sales folks or the managers, in what they're seeing in their business in the competitive landscape, in a volume landscape, in a jobs landscape. So all that work will be done throughout Q4, and we'll inform what we guide to for 2020. And the industrial part, I mean, the other part of it I'd say is I think some of the headwinds we have absorbed internally in the first half of the year won't be there next year. So I think we'll be better prepared to position the fleet more accurately. We'll be more externally focused. So I'm looking forward to that after the team did a lot of work internally in the first half of this year and is moving past that.
Matthew Flannery: It's always our goal to outperform the end market, right? I mean, that is always our goal. We've got a lot of resources. We got a lot of breadth and depth. And we serve a lot of end markets. So for this quarter, for example, if we are overly reliant on oil and gas or a flattish industrial sector, this would have been a different outcome for us, right? We wouldn't have record revenue, record EBITDA. The fungibility of the assets and the diversification of the portfolio gives us a lot of confidence that we have the opportunity to outperform the end market, and that is our goal.
Matthew Flannery: No. Ross, I wouldn't say. I'll only answer the first part of your question, which is why. We had the opportunity to take some older assets that were at the end of their rental useful life, and sell them into a strong end market. And when we think about some of the stats that Jess reported in her prepared remarks, think about that used sales market still throwing up higher margin. We're still recovering $0.53 on the original OEC dollar per fleet that's over 86 months old. So over 7 years old. And we had the ability -- after cutting CapEx in July, we had the decision to make, do we cut further if we've got, let's say, a 100 million extra capacity. Or we take an opportunity to refresh the fleet. The other issue is we generate higher free cash flow. So there was no reason for us to cut the gross versus the net, and we think that positions our fleet better. As we've always said, we want to keep that fleet age at the appropriate time so when there is a downturn, we can age it, and that's part of our resiliency. So we view that as part of that strategy -- continuing that part of the strategy.
Matthew Flannery: In the relative scale of our $15 billion of fleet, we're not going to move it. It's still a pretty small number, right? We're not going to move it to any end market that it's enough to overwhelm, right? I guess, we move all of it to one market. Technically, that could be. We're not doing that. We're moving it to the markets where nonres is strong. And to be fair, even close by, downstream's still strong. So just for clarity. We talked about industrial being choppy. They're not all down. Downstream is still a good part of our business. Upstream and midstream are negative. And the rest of them are just kind of a little bit up, a little bit down, leading to a flattish industrial overall end market. But that -- those in markets that we have and the customers that we can serve outside of those verticals is where we're moving that fleet.  And it's not a single enough, large enough number to any one of those verticals or geographies that's just going to create a supply glut in our opinion. I'd say the other difference between -- because I know a lot of people will tie this dialogue of oil and gas to back what happened between '14 and '15, right? When oil and gas was at a peak then, it was a much bigger part of our business. But even for the industry overall, that knock on impact of what happened with oil and gas in '15, of the infrastructure to build -- to help serve the area around it of improved -- or additional hotels, retail, right? Shopping centers, even schools, all that's built out already. That was not part of this oil and gas run the past couple of years. So therefore, you won't have the knock-on effect that you had back then. And that's the way we're viewing this. We're viewing this as a temporary issue that we had to work through, but nowhere near the impact that we had back in '15.
Matthew Flannery: We absolutely feel good it, and that team continues to generate not only good returns, but good growth. And I think fluid solution, right. Sometimes, it gets lost in the conversation of the bigger integration. Fluid solutions is a new go-to-market strategy where we had to integrate the Baker and the old pump team. And so they've worked through that in the past 12 months. I think they've got great opportunity to get externally focused and run with the ball a little faster. So we like the prospects.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, Tim, I wish I could help you. We're committed to not giving that level of detail. The way that we're going to talk about rate, time and mix in the future is exactly how we're talking about it this quarter. We're going to give it in arrears. We're going to give it all in year-over-year. And we're going to talk about in fleet productivity, and we'll give you that numerical value. And then what we're going to do qualitatively is say, "As we did this quarter, rate's a good guy. Mix has been a good guy overcoming some headwinds that we've had in time utilization." As we look forward, I mean, the mix of those 3 will be impacted by the demand environment certainly, right, all 3 of them, and our decisions on where we invest our capital and what our customers rent. So that's how we look at it. So I want to stay true to that. We want to stay true to that, because we think isolating any one of them belies the interaction between the 3 of them in our business going forward. And that's really why we made the change. Our business has changed. If this was back 2006, it was very simple. We knew our fleet mix have changed much, and it was a direct correlation. The interplay of the 3 is much more relevant for today, which is why we made the pivot.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So first of all, I think it's a little bit of share gain, right? And when we think about the bigs getting bigger, which is something we've talked about, I mean, it's why the consolidation plays work. We think the opportunity of that density and diversity gives you the opportunity to over-index in places that are growing, and therefore, dampen the impact or mitigate the impact to places that aren't. So that's the overarching reason why we think we can swim upstream so to speak in different end markets, and we continue to feel that way. I would say that every time we look in arrears or what some of the end market data says, it's maybe too self-serving to say we outperform it. So maybe sometimes, they're just wrong. But at the end of the day, the macro data is a good framing for us to look at. But that deep dive on what our customers are telling us and their backlogs are, and what our managers and sales teams are telling us of the work that they foresee needing to serve is our single largest barometer to how we're able to build the plan. I'm not saying we're going to over perform by 30% of what the end market forecast say because they're just not reliable enough to build business plan around that. So we're going to do all that hard work, as I said, throughout Q4, throughout our planning process, and I'll inform where we guide for 2020.
Matthew Flannery: I really just think it was that level of demand in our core end markets and with our key customers. And frankly, we would have liked than done a lot better. And had we not done some of that choppiness, that's why we pointed to it, we -- when you look at the year and break it in 2 halves, we talked in July about the internal focus maybe not getting that build that we wanted in the first half. When you look at the back half of the year, we're pretty dead on as to what our original thoughts for how much OEC on rent fleet you build in the back half. Our hope was that we backfill some of that hole. And as we got into some of the end markets not giving us that, specifically oil and gas, midstream; and maybe flattish, let's say, manufacturing down a little bit, we just didn't get that opportunity in some of those to offset what the team did do by backfilling the hole in a lot of the nonres markets. And that's the way to look at it. So I'd say the demand trend was, back-half, probably as expected originally. Would have -- the progress, I wish we'd done better. I wish we could have backfilled that hole a little bit more. And therefore, we would've drove a little bit more volume. We're talking on 1% area so we're talking on the margins here. When you look about year-over-year, what we reported in January versus what we did here. But I think demand allowed us to have that growth throughout Q3.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. First and foremost, I think the discipline at the industry -- and we've been talking about this for a few. I think the discipline in the industry is showing, in the last 10 years of my career compared to the first 18 years of my career, is night and day, right? So that's #1. And I think data has been a big help on that and I think history has been a teacher on that too, right, going through '09, and that's scar tissue. I think you can't underestimate the impact that may have had on folks being much more responsible for that. There will be times throughout any cycle where it will get ahead and pull back. And I think the industry overall is responding appropriately. But to be clear, I also don't think the end of demand is here. So we have the opportunity to continue to complete the work. I think our actions of consolidating capacity to drive growth as opposed to just adding capacity to drive growth is a significant difference, right, when you think about last 10 years. I think some of our competitors are doing the same. I think that's good news. So I think when you think about all those issues, the availability, right, that those of us, which is about half the industry now, get from the Rouse information, is helpful. Technology in general, the professionalization of the industry, which consolidates and help bring having analytics, having data as a resource to think through investments and timing. All those are part of why I think we'll see a better -- why we've been seeing a better outcome in supply demand.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Not terribly different than what we've been doing, right? So we don't really communicate it that way. The year 1, the year 2, the year 3 communication. That's not our -- that's not the way we do it. And mostly because many of our cold-starts are growing on the border of another one. So there's a lot of efficiency that's built-in when 1 store doesn't -- especially in our specialty network. As we build it out, that network doesn't have to travel out as far as to serve the market. We could be more responsive. We get growth out of that. But then we also get better value in the existing store that's no longer going there. So there's a couple of different calls to look at it. I think we're going to have a specialty day that maybe we could talk about that, and Paul will leaving that in more detail, that, that would be more helpful as opposed to trying to get to that level of specificity on this call. But you know what, we'll follow-up with Ted, make sure that we get that on your calendar. I think that would be a great opportunity to learn about how specialty cold-starts, especially growth, play out.
Matthew Flannery: I wouldn't say less or more competitive than they've been, right? So I'd say -- we're not seeing an extra competitiveness, and we're not seeing any easy roads either, right? We have to earn our customer's business every day. I would say that there's only a few companies, and this is why I think the bigs are getting bigger. There's only a few companies that have that flexibility and fungibility to do that. So it's not the whole market. It's only a subset of the market that can make those pivots in a quarter-to-quarter or within an annual cycle because other companies that don't have stores, they aren't -- they're just not going to have the ability to go ramp-up and open up an x location because all of a sudden, there seems to be better opportunity there than where they reside. They may do it on the fringes, right? They may travel a little further. But that's a little bit different than the broader footprints that a couple of companies in the industry have. So I think that's a big differentiation and why you're not seeing a rush to any individual market, quite frankly. I hope that answers your question.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, no. We're not pulling -- actually, we don't even calculate it that way. But we're not pulling that apart that way. This is a quarter and year-over-year result that we look out and prep for earnings to help communicate what happened in the quarter, but not sequentially or not trying to use it as a trend line or anything like that. So no, I don't have that color for you.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And when you think about the fleet, it's a portion of, and it will be in Q4, say, 1% or 4% of your business, right? So somewhere in the $100 million range, let's say we moved about half of it out of there, we got another half to go, depending on how it turns. That could accelerate or decelerate if we get in different news there, but it's in that realm of impact from an OEC perspective.
Matthew Flannery: No. I wouldn't -- definitely, we're not planning on doing any less, right? The used sales end market, as we've talked about, are still strong. We still want to keep that fleet age as fresh as we can as we're still in a growth cycle. So I wouldn't -- I would say if anything, we plan to be maybe 5%, even 10% more.
Matthew Flannery: For replacement in 2020. So that's the way we're thinking about it. If the market changes, if the outputs, right, change, which we're not seeing even as recently as the last month. The used sales channels are still good, and we're going to utilize them to keep the fleet freshened a little bit. And what we did here in Q3, it's a good way to re-profile, too, right? So as you try and continue to get your mix right, you could sell off some of the older assets and use those funds as a net -- in net CapEx to help re-profile your fleet versus only using growth, which is a much smaller number to re-profile.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And we don't account for it in any way if capitalizing or extending or anything like that either. So that's the difference.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Certainly most, but there's some pump in gen sets that we have some work there, as you know, in the specialty. But I would say it's primarily gen rent, say 70 -- you want to just -- we don't have it. I don't have it broken down for you here. But we can maybe give you that data. But primarily gen rent. Think about our fleet overall, and it follows fleet profile.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I actually don't have that answer for you. I think we've talked about it in whole. I actually don't recall. I've been here a while. I just can't remember. I was talking about it as far as what percentage of the Texas business as a whole. Somebody must have slipped that by me, because I would certainly stop that conversation just from a competitive perspective. But I actually don't recall that number.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, no. I think we'll keep the spend pretty successful for us. I think we'll keep that similar cadence. I think it helps them, right? And it helps us. So we make sure we understand what pipe -- once we build the plan, we understand what pipeline we think we need, with flexibility, right, which we always have, as you know. And we try to be reasonable. We don't overuse that flexibility for no value. And it gives them the opportunity to build in their plant. And we need good suppliers. So we need them to get their supply chain in order. So it's a partnership. And I think the way we've been doing it, we're comfortable with the outputs, and we're going to stay on cadence.
Matthew Flannery: I wouldn't say over-indexed. Is there a percentage points of movement in certain verticals that's more primarily -- and I would segregate it as key accounts not just National Accounts. As we've talked to you all before, our National Accounts use our national footprint. But we have strategic accounts and key accounts that are equally as important, just use maybe regional marketplaces, right? So I would say the combination of those is -- no, I wouldn't call them heavily more influenced by any specific vertical. I think that's a pretty broad portfolio as well.
Matthew Flannery: Great question, Scott. So we do have a robust playbook, and it's -- every deal makes it better. And that's one of, what I think the values of learning, that gives us. And I want to focus specifically on BlueLine, because the real thing that we learned is BlueLine was the third deal in many markets in 18 months. It was the first deal, and we've been talking about a different deal that had the challenges, and it would probably still be third deal. So that's the part of it. And if I had to do it all over again, I'd spend much more time making sure the external portion of it, that customer outreach, was -- which we haven't had to spend extra energy on in the past. So that's something in this deal. Whether it was just because it was the third, which I think plays a lot, or whether it was the largest of the 3. I don't even care which 1 of those of the two it is because I don't really know, but that's what I would change.  We would learn -- we would have a much stronger external focus on the front-end of it versus what is a very aggressive internal focus as we get everybody on the same system in 9 days and try to get all the brands consolidations done. So we're working as 1 unit and people know what they're doing in the first 3 months. So we got to bounce that aggressiveness internally with equal aggressiveness externally. That would be my learning and I think what we'd integrate into the playbook. The good news is I don't think we're going to -- I don't think there's 3 big deals to get done in a row again in the near-term. So I don't think that, that's parts going to be an issue. But the external focus is a good learning.
Matthew Flannery: I think you hit on it. As we've been saying, that our lean, at a time where we're a little more focused on absorbing and leveraging, we still look at deals. We are still on a pipeline that we do work on. But the lean would be more on additional products and services customers versus our overlapping products and services. And the second would be filling out any gaps in distribution and footprint. So by definition, that leans towards specialty. And on top of that, they're good return business. The 3 criteria of cultural, strategic and then financial still needs to be met, and that's a high bar for us. So -- but there's deals out there, and we'll see. If any of them meet those 3 deals, we have a flexibility. Jess and the team have given us the balance sheet and the flexibility that we could still do stuff that's accretive to the business. But we certainly also have the opportunity to absorb and leverage what we bought. So it's that balance right now, with a lean towards specialty.
Matthew Flannery: Great. And thank you, operator. And everyone, thanks for joining us. And just a reminder that our Q3 investor deck is available online. As always, you can reach out to Ted with questions in Stamford. And we look forward to have a great holiday season, and we look forward to talking to you all in the New Year and sharing our thoughts on 2020. And looking forward to that. Be safe and thanks for joining. Operator, you can end the call.
Jessica Graziano: So I'll start there, Joe. So we called out about $12 million of cost that we incurred this quarter. Going forward into Q4, we think it will be something less than that as we do have a little bit to work through, but something less. I don't have a number right now, but--
Jessica Graziano: So there will be the impact -- in addition to the acquisition impact, there will be the impact of the flow-through margin of -- as I mentioned, we'll have a little bit higher used sales, and so that's going to come in at a lower margin than the rental would. The other caution, and I know Matt mentioned it earlier, but I will caution against using the midpoint.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. The two drivers are the ones that we mentioned. The BlueLine impact, which we'll anniversary that on November 1. And then the -- that shift, that mixed shift between used and rental.
Jessica Graziano: So Joe, to be a little bit helpful. One step further, we're still pulling the plan together so obviously, we're still landing on what we think the growth capital could be for next year. But as far as the replacement, as Matt mentioned, that will be up next year. And if you think about something in the neighborhood of selling kind of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion at OEC inflation-adjusted, that's going to look like something, call it, $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. So Courtney, it's Jess. So from the -- for that $12 million, that was incremental for the quarter in terms of isolating what we leaned into to repair and reposition the fleet. Some of that excess fleet that Matt talked about and getting that into strong end markets. As far as what you're seeing as the increase is R&M versus delivery, the mix impact of that is we saw a little bit more of the repair and maintenance and delivery cost in the -- together in the gen rent segment. There was a bit more on the repair and maintenance side on the Specialty segment, a little less delivery. So that's the dynamic there.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. There's no real extension of the fleet age per se. It's just making sure that it's in rent-ready mode to get into those markets. We did spend a little bit more on some of the repair of the fleet that came out of the oil patch because that's going to be kind of worn down a little bit more than across some of the other end markets. So there's a lean into the repair and maintenance as a result of that.
Jessica Graziano: So we're still planning 2020, which includes what we believe our view of free cash flow is going to be, not just from an operating perspective, but also taxes and interest and some of the other lines. So that's still to come, Stanley. What I will tell you is we are planning for another robust year of free cash flow. Exactly how much, I don't know yet. But it will be robust.
