William Plummer: I think the fair thing to say would be that we would expect the level of growth in let's say the third quarter to be down a touch from where it was in the second quarter.  So on a Pro Forma basis we were 15%.  I would expect that we would come down just a shade from that just given the strength of the third quarter last year. And obviously the interplay of rate and time utilization in the quarter will determine exactly where we ended up.  But it's hard to keep repeating against the comps that we know are coming in the third and fourth quarter and so I'd say down a touch.
William Plummer: If – maybe I can simplify.  As we think about the full year today compared to the way we thought about the full year back in May when we gave you that outlook, the inner play between rate and time results in a view of profitability that's really not significantly today than it was back in mid May. So even though rates have done a little better, time has done a little worse, when we look at that and blend it with the underlying cost performance that we expect, the synergies that we expect and so on, the profitability looks – the picture looks very much the same today as it did back in mid May.
William Plummer: So you're right.  Year-to-date our adjusted EBITDA margin – or excuse me, flow through – is about 76%.  As we look at the second half, those are positive forces, better rate and the synergy's kicking in. We expect also that there will be solid underlying cost performance.  So we feel very good about our ability to deliver flow through in the second half.  When we guided in May, we said 70% plus.  We're already on track to do better than that and we are hopeful that we'll do better yet. But without nailing the number too specifically, I'd just say it feels pretty good right now for being able to deliver flow through in the second half.
William Plummer: Yes, no, it is more rate driven.  I think the way I'd say it is that our view on profitability in dollar terms is about the same as it was back in May.  But our view on flow through is higher.
William Plummer: I would also point out that we are still going through the integration process where we've integrated 50 locations and we're going to ramp that up very quickly and as we go through this quarter most, if not all of them, behind us.
William Plummer: It'll be a combination of harmonizing contracts, getting everybody on the core system.  There will be some cross selling, as we had mentioned about the trans power HVAC.  The mix will be – have a higher flow through and that's why we had stated $50 million of incremental EBITDA somewhere from $60 million to $70 million range and you can guess why the flow through would be higher is because a lot of the synergies don’t have any additional cost related to them.
William Plummer: That's a great question.  And it's also a great observation that our fleet mix has changed dramatically and it's more in line with our longer-term objective, which is to expand the horizon on our earth moving and trench and other. And when you take a look at the Pro Forma fleet mix, we're not around 45% versus 49% (areal).  And to your point, that will have some bearing on our time utilization.
Mike Kneeland: Yes, I can't speak for my competitors.  I don't know where they're coming from or what their (dollar) utilizations or – I mean, all I can tell you is that the way we report rates based on ARA metrics and that' show we go forward. But what we see is what we're doing is – one, our value proposition we think is more attractive.  We do think that we're harmonizing our contracts with some of our larger – our contractors but that's not – that's only part of it. I think the other part of it is our broad footprint and having the fleet to satisfy the demand that we see out there. I just – I want to point one thing out that I think gets lots in the shuffle here is – and I've mentioned this in the past – based on my experience of 34 years in the industry, rates, one is very near and dear to me.  I've said it several times over the years but typically with rates going up gives you – should give you some comfort that the underlying business is doing well. Overall I've never experienced a downturn where time led it.  It was always rates led the downturn.  So I look at rates as a lever that we're pulling, something that we think is – we're good stewards of our industry and we're going to continue to drive. We're still not anywhere near where we came off from our peak and we're just driving it to the extent we can.
Mike Kneeland: So lead times in earth moving, Manish, are actually not too bad.  We can access earth moving equipment that we might be interested in with pretty short lead times.  And in fact, in some CAT classes there's stuff in inventory that we can have right off the bat. So in earth moving, not too bad; in some of the more popular other CAT classes, still some decent lead times.  If you're looking for high capacity reach forklifts it's still a decent lead time to get some of those units. So all in all, it's a little better than it was in terms of lead times earlier in the year.  But it depends on the CAT class that you're looking.  And I'm sorry, I forgot the second part of your question.
Mike Kneeland: Pricing is pretty god for us.  As we said back in the May update, we've been rolling through looking at the RSC purchases or the purchases that we would do to support adding RSC to our business and we've been renegotiating the purchase agreements with the vendors for those purchases. And we've been realizing some nice price reductions in the range of 2% to 5% consistent with what we've said previously.  So that's going pretty well for the purchases for 2012 and at the same time we're negotiating around our 2013 purchase plans and we feel good about how that has progressed so far. So the price environment still is pretty decent for us and we'll continue to drive a hard bargain as we always do.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, and Seth just real quickly, some of the change that you're seeing in both the age and the time utilization probably comes from the fact that this is presented on a Pro Forma basis now whereas in the prior period they would have been in URI only basis. So I don't know off the top of my head how much of an impact that is but that might be some of the change.
Michael Kneeland: So (Nick), I think the way I'd say it is that the trends that we saw in June continue in July.  And I say it that way very specifically because I think in order to understand what's going on in the business you have to disaggregate utilization into the two pieces, right. OAC on rent, we're still seeing nice growth in OAC on rent in the numerator of that calculation here in July year-over-year.  Seasonal build, we're getting a seasonal build.  So that's continuing. We can come back and talk about some of the factors that are driving that.  But we brought a ton of fleet in in the first half of the year.  We brought a lot in and we brought it in very quickly.  That was a drag on utilization as we got into the May-June timeframe.  It continues to be a drag on utilization here in early July.
Michael Kneeland: So the cash portion of our merger-related costs for the year, the cash portion is going to be – bear with me one second here.  I want to make sure I've got a useful number.  It is those transaction costs that we've already paid, which is banker fees, lawyer fees and consultants but it's also the other transaction-related costs that are in process now such as the lease termination cost, severance cost for employees and so on. And I don't have within my reach right here and now the number that we have excluded but that would be the simplest way to kind of get you to a year-end debt balance.
Michael Kneeland: So we're looking at our alternatives basically every day to see which is the preferred route to go.  You're right.  Right now we don't have an immediate call available to us that – on any of the really high coupon issues that makes sense to exercise.  I think the first call that we have available on our 10 and seven-eights issue comes up sometime like this time next year, if I remember correctly. And so that certainly will be a point at which we will make some kind of a decision.  Until then, though, we'll continue to look at not just the high coupon but all of the components that are in debt to see if there's anything that makes sense to do right here and now. So far the answer has been now.  But the one thing I would point out is that we will refinance our AR securitization facility over the course of the next couple of months, so that's something that we will get done. But in terms of the longer debt issues, we're going to continue to look at it on an ongoing basis and we'll let you know if we decide to do something.
Michael Kneeland: So I'll start it.  So the cadence of time utilization through the quarter – I'll just give you the month, Ted – 66.3 in April and that was up four-tenths from the prior year, 67.7 in May, that was up one-tenth, and 68.2 in June, which was down eight-tenths from the prior year. And those are all Pro Forma numbers, Pro Forma numbers.  So it's apples to apples in the period.  And to compare that, most of the closures that we got done in the second quarter – there were 61 of them – happened in June. So it's always hard to kind of tie direct correlation between those activities but clearly if there was a distraction, June would have been the time that there was a distraction as a result of all the closures and personnel moves.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, they're showing it to me as we speak here.  So in April, gross – those are all gross?  April gross CapEx was $210 million; May was $179 million; and June was $120 million.  Those are all Pro Forma, apples to apples with both companies included.
Michael Kneeland: So let's – I hate to do this on the fly – but maybe one of the things we can do is just to give you a comparable Pro Forma number for some of the figures that are on Slide 20.  Let us look at updating the slide to include some comparable information so that you have a sense of where we're coming from on a Pro Forma basis.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks, Operator.  I want to thank everyone for joining us today and on our next call we'll have a full quarter of combined results to share with you as opposed to as reported. In the meantime, you can always look at – look us up in (Granich) and please download our presentation from our website.  If you have any questions that you'd like to put forward, please contact Fred Bratman and/or visit one of our locations. And with that, that concludes our remarks for today and I want to thank everyone.
