William Plummer: I’ll take a first stab at Henry. It’s really hard to decompose it into those kind of buckets. I do think that it’s fair to say that the seasonal pattern was stronger this year. And so that certainly helped. We are – we’ve argued earlier in the year that this year’s seasonal pattern seemed to be stronger than where it’s been over the last several years, certainly stronger than last year. And so if you think about 7.1 percentage points of year-over-year time utilization improvement, I’d hate to put a number on how much of that is just seasonal, excuse me that year-over-year will have a seasonal component. I’d hate to put a number on how much of that is broken out into the other buckets. That said, we’ve got nice growth in our key account relationships year-over-year in the quarter. So clearly a portion of it is just growing those key account relationships. Mike, I’ll let you put a number on how much of it might be to shift to secular, secular shift to rental versus owning. But I’d say that that’s a smaller component of that year-over-year change. It’s just really hard to put numbers on it.
William Plummer: So Henry, we’ve talked about over the course of the year getting time up into the high 70s. As we sit here I think 67% over the course of the entire year would be a very high level of time utilization for this company. Could we do better than that? Yes, we probably could. But as we’re seeing right now operating at these levels of time utilization involves some operational challenges based on how we run the business historically. And so we’re going to have to figure out better ways, new ways and different ways of operating in order to be able to sustain these kinds of time utilization levels at reasonable costs. We’re going through that right now, we’re learning those processes but we as an executive team are convinced that we can operate in the high 60s. I think we put 67% as the target in our sort of normalized EBITDA analysis last quarter and I think that’s a good indication of where we think we can drive it to on a sustainable basis.
William Plummer: Yes, we haven’t definitively laid out that level of detail in the CapEx spend for 2011, but I do think it’s fair to say that I would be shocked if we don’t end up spending sort of relative to the breakdown of our fleet, the mix of our fleet today. I’d be shocked if we didn’t spend more than the current earthmoving share of our fleet on earthmoving, less than the current share of aerial on aerial, more than the current share on trench and other general rental categories on those categories. And probably not dramatically different on forklifts. So I know that’s high level and just directional but we want to continue that trend, right? We want to continue to focus on reshaping the fleet away from aerial toward earthmoving and then supporting the growth that we’re seeing in general rental categories especially driven by industrial relationships as well growth in Trench and Power and HVAC. So that’s where our spend is going to end up.
William Plummer: There might – in the current quarter there might have been some, I can’t remember whether we had any impairment impacts only what we sold in the current quarter. Chris is shaking his head, no. Yes, I’m just trying to remember the timing of when we sold the Mexico assets which we may have impaired previously but that was in second quarter of was it third quarter? But regardless even if it was third quarter, it would be a small portion of overall, the overall sales. So there is nothing unusual going on in the book basis of what we’re selling even in the third quarter or fourth across the entirety of this year. It answers your question.
William Plummer: Haven’t definitely decided. What I can promise you is that we will make sure that wherever the age of the fleet goes next year that it’s not getting in the way of our ability to generate revenue. If we operated next year in the low 50s, I don’t think that would be a problem. Obviously that’s higher in fleet age than where we are today and so that would suggest that we could spend less than sort of the level that we’ve talked about needing to keep the age constant.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
William Plummer: I wish there was more definitive answer that we can give you right now but we’re still thinking a lot of these issues through.
William Plummer: We haven’t addressed that explicitly, I guess in the past we’ve given the month year-over-year. So yes, in for penny, in for a pound. September was not up year-over-year for the month, it was down.
William Plummer: Those are year-over-years by month and I guess I would only add that the down in July reflected what was a very strong comparison month last year. The July comp was through the roof last year. And so I think that was the key driver for that down to change for that month. We’ve reestablished the trend that we expected here in August and especially in September and what we’re seeing so far in November gives us confidence in the statement we’ve made about rates.
William Plummer: Yes, so again I’ll plead the planning process to a some extent but I would – if you’d ask me that question a couple of months ago I might have had a slightly different answer on the cost of rent components that I have today, given the momentum we’re seeing on volume demand and the variable cost drivers there, I’m probably less optimistic about a dramatic reduction in cost of rent next year. I know that we’ve got some initiatives that will help us address some of the fixed cost components I just think that the variable cost components could be a pretty strong headwind if the kind of volume demand that we’re seeing continues into next year. So that one’s is a harder one to say that we’ll have absolute dollar saves year-over-year next year, or how much those dollar saves might be. SG&A I think I’m more optimistic that while we should have selling cost increase next year that there is some other initiatives on the G&A cost components that we could use to offset those. I’m not ready to put a number on the page just yet. I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to target further SG&A reductions next year. But I’d want to get through my planning process before I can say that with any conviction.
William Plummer: There is nothing that would have been a significant onetime benefit, no individual action, I might add that I called out the $6 million year-over-year change in bad debt, so on a year-over-year basis that hurts us sequentially it’s probably not a dramatic change in bad debt. So I’m not thinking of anything on a second quarter to third quarter comparison basis that was unique or significant in that improvement in margin.David Wells – Thompson Research Group: Great, thank you so much.
William Plummer: Phil, its Bill. We’ll continue to evaluate the strategy as we see how the demand develops. The notion going in was as we said 500 to take out the 7 ¾. If its blow out demand, we’ll give full consideration to upsizing and acting on the sevens. That would be sort of a logical thought process if we had more money. So go out and tell your folks to buy and we’ll see if we can face that question.
William Plummer: It was one time put at this time, there is another put in three years that they have available to them.
William Plummer: Yes, Emily we will look at it on an ongoing basis. We haven’t set a definitive time in which we want to renew it. And I guess I’m a little bit relaxed about it just because those facilities have been so readily available even through the turmoil last year, they were readily available. Our lenders were coming in saying hey we want more money basically. So we’ll look at it on an ongoing basis and I think we’ll pull the trigger as we line up set of banks and a set of conditions that we think look favorable. So stay tuned.
William Plummer: Yes, so I think what we’ve talked about internally and I’ve probably have said it externally as well is that, there is two ways to approach that, one is to flip the question around and say how do I feel about the level of leverage that I’m at today or that I got to last year in the most severe downturn that we’ve seen a long time. And the answer was we felt comfortable with the level of depth that we carried even in the depths of last year. And so you can kind of back into what debt-to-EBITDA ration in that environment was and infer that we would be comfortable there. Let’s say that we got up to something in the 4.5 to 5 times that the EBITDA range at the depths of last year on a trailing 12 basis. That probably defines the upper side of that leverage measure that we’d look at. I’d peg a number I’d just 4.5 if we had a choice of actively managing it on high side. On the low side, we’ve thought about the philosophy of the capitalization of this company quite a lot actually over the last year and a half. And we feel comfortable operating at levels of leverage that imply being a high-yield issuer. At the low end of the range 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA is something that we think is probably a good place to look for the minimum of leverage. You go much beyond that and you start to lose some of the cost of capital benefits that we see from being a highly levered company. So that’s the range that I talk about generally, 3.5 to 4.5. And I’d say we’ll operate that way unless there is something really extreme one way or the other.
William Plummer: Well on the surface, we’ll certainly continue to drive down debt until we get to the low end of that range. We’re not going to be religions about 3.5, I mean if sort of the natural momentum of our business making the decisions, the operating decisions that we want to make takes us to slightly lower number than that, okay fine, we can do that for a while. So I don’t know that we would go out of our way at the point we reached 3.5 to say oh my goodness, now I’ve got to do something differently. But at the same time we do think that we’ve got operating objectives and some of those we might address more aggressively if we are getting towards the lower end of the range. For example, spending a little bit more on rental CapEx if it makes sense from an investment perspective. So we’ll balance all of those things as we go forward but it’d be a high class problem to have to figure out how to manage or leverage ratio that’s too low.
Michael Kneeland: Yes Henry, its Mike. It is very difficult, I mean what we can say is that when you look at a year-over-year basis, last year it’s safe to say that we really didn’t see any kind of seasonal uptick at all, it was very lackluster I think because of where the economy was and the lack of any kind of visibility and the uncertainty in the financial markets. Seasonality has returned. The one thing I can tell you is that we look at and it’s on a year-over-year basis, our new accounts are up. So that means people are looking at ways to rent. They’re up about 15% year-to-date on a year-over-year basis. So but as Bill mentioned it’s very difficult to quantify the numbers specifically.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Henry its Mike. The way in which we setup our contracts are, there is a kind of a range in which we work within. It is the range would be from the global perspective not to exceed pricing. So you have a bandwidth in which you can work within the current markets. In other areas, we have the regional differences because of cost structures and where they’re located. I think each one is priced accordingly. Typically, these are one year to three year in duration. So we do have flexibility within the contract itself.
Michael Kneeland: It’s too early, I the both – AMECO and ourselves have gotten together and we’re putting a plan together. As Bill mentioned we’re going through our planning. They are as well. As things start to develop, we will be open to share those with you. It’s too early to tell at this time, Manish.
Michael Kneeland: It’s a great question. It’s one I often get and its somewhat complicated to answer it back, but let me give you a try. I think yes there is always going to be an area for regionals. I do think that regionals have been severely punished and pressured in this downturn. The question is accessibility to the capital markets and whether they can, like anyone else be able to sustain the capital structure and maintain their growth and their profitability to exist. So I do think that they will continue, there will be pockets, but I do think that they will always be pressured. It’s kind of one of those things where you’re not small enough, and you’re not big enough on the same coin. I will tell you that historically there has been a lot of growth for regionals. And I do believe that there will be further consolidation in our industry. Our industry is still immature and it’s still very fragmented. So it wouldn’t surprise to me to see a continuation of consolidation.
Michael Kneeland: And Seth we’re going through our plan process, this is Michael, going through our plan process. But the way in which we look at the world is based on demand and returns and our customers, those are going to be some of the driving forces that we’ll be looking at very closely as Bill mentioned, I think we’ve proven, the industry will prove that time utilization can go back up and age is not the deciding factor on that, it’s how well you maintain it. It to us it’s about discipline and demand in where we’re going to put our money to get our returns.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I’ll do it. In the month of July, it was down negative 2.3, August was down to negative 1.4 and as I just mentioned September was down 0.5. Those are year-over-year numbers.
Michael Kneeland: Well I think that that everyone is being good stewards of the industry and doing their best to get rates up. That’s a general comment I’m getting across all of my regions and my branches as I go on visits. Is there pockets? Yes, there is always going to be pockets. Is there going to be one where we see competitive pricing. I think the area that we see the most competitive pricing is in aerial. In aerial, the aerial players are scattered across North America and you can take that from small to medium. But I think overall the industry is waking up and responding to need to improve on prices. And by the way the industry overall is healing as I mentioned before its going out into the second quarter, used prices improving continue. We are seeing time utilization improve and my sense is that will be across the industry as a whole and as a result of that pricing will follow.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, this is Mike. The way in which we measure that would be sequence one which would be first sequence as they come out. And to your point we’re seeing the monthly rates improve as they come off rent and they go back out on rent. And that’s on a global site of all of our assets collectively. So it’s a fair comment.
Michael Kneeland: This is Michael. As we’ve said that we’re always looking at our optimizing our footprint and we will continue to look at where we can optimize overall. As we said before we continued to look at this and make sure that and the idea is that not lose any market share or to capture the revenue once we leave, a lot of these are consolidations. And some would take longer to sink them through than others. But we’re going to continue to just process. Going back to even what one of the other comments on cost overall. This is a dedicated team that’s focused on cost reductions. We’re not going to let off just because we’ve got a good quarters behind us. We’re going to continue to focus on trying to drive efficiencies. So it is still an area that we were focused on. I would also point out that we also had some cold starts as well in our branch count and we’re focusing on growing the areas of profitable growth. So we’re going to do both going forward.David Wells – Thompson Research Group: That’s helpful as well. And then I guess an additional question regarding that the cost savings that you’ve seen just looking at I guess second quarter to third quarter, you saw almost 350 basis point of adjusted EBITDA margin improvement. Is there anything from like a onetime perspective that would have been a benefit in the quarter or is that just more a function of the cost takeout being leveraged as you get additional rental rate, excuse me additional rental revenues through the door.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. The reality with this is as I mentioned we have five cold starts that we put out there. So we’re not afraid to do both, but to be clear it has to be strategic, it has to fit with our strategic vision of where we want to take this company that we’ve articulated to everybody. But we’d always be interested in looking and seeing if they do fit strategically, but we’ll take it as it goes.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, we’re always, we’re always scouring to see what opportunities exist out there. We’re not going to be sitting idle. It’s a matter of making sure that if we can find something we’re interested in it. And that’s what my team does and we’ll continue to focus.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you operator. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Please feel free to join us any time or call us up here in Greenwich. And if you would like to go see one of our facilities, please get a hold of Fred Bratman. And if you go to our website you can download the investor presentation which has updates from last night. And also I’d like to point out that we also have a new page out there on our call center which explains how this service is growing and the importance this as a competitive advantage. So with that, that concludes today’s call. Thank you very much and looking forward our next earnings call. Goodbye.
Scott Schneeberger – Oppenheimer: Great, thanks a lot guys. And then on just could you speak to pricing overall out in the industry. What are you seeing from the national players, the regional players, the level of discipline. Where is it now that we’re into the fourth quarter to the extent you can comment on that? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger – Oppenheimer: Thanks. One more if I could, Bill probably more targeted towards you, with positive momentum on SG&A relative to your guidance and obviously with the strong revenue on cost of service a little bit with the variable in the different direction. For us building out our models in ‘011 and into the out years, where should we anticipate grabbing the majority of the leverage of those two line items and just a little bit more on how you’re thinking about that? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger – Oppenheimer: No, no cost of services, yes cost of rental versus SG&A and yes with a little bit of itemization of sales versus G&A if you could.
