Matt Flannery: Sure, Dave. This is Matt. So when we think about next year -- and timing is appropriate because we're in the middle of our planning process right now. But as we think about next year, we -- as a starting point, we expect to sell about the same amount of used equipment that we will this year. And then from there, we're going to look at demand and say, alright, do we replace all of that fleet? Hopefully, that answer is yes. And then if so, how much extra capacity do we have in our existing fleet to serve any incremental demand? And then depending on how robust the demand is, will be if we are going to end up in the growth CapEx. Now the good news for us, timing-wise, is, as you saw this year, we can be very flexible to how much we can flex up or down depending on the demand environment, as you saw by us cutting over $1 billion this year when we really didn't get a peek into that challenge until mid-March. So we'll do the same thing this year. We'll take a look. And sometime in the spring, we'll have to start to make some decisions. But I think by then, we'll have a lot more clarity on what demand looks like. So that flexibility gives me a lot of -- gives us a lot of hope in that the environment will be there, but also the ability to react if it's not. So no bet yet on 2021, but if this healing of the macro continues, we feel -- we don't expect to not replace used fleet that we sell at a minimum. And then we'll see where the demand goes from there.
Matt Flannery: I think that would be the right way to think about a base case. And then from there, it would be -- everything else would be demand-based. Now in an environment like this year, we didn't even replace all the used sales that we had, because we had extra capacity existing. So we took that opportunity to take the fleet down as you saw. But we're not anticipating that next year. And once again, we won't have to make those decisions until the spring, and we'll react to the demand environment.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're hearing the same feedback that we're actually experiencing from our field leaders, and that is that activity continues to incrementally improve with normal seasonal patterns. So they're seeing that. The visibility question, frankly, if they thought they had more visibility than through Q1, I would worry about it anyway, and they're not pretending to it. It all depends on how the macro environment responds to this winter. And I think we will have a much better take on that from January, but near term, their visibility is strong, which is why we've had the confidence to change our guidance. And I think beyond that, we're going to take the time we have between now and January to get a better look at how the world, but more specifically for us, how the U.S. and Canada respond to COVID. And I'll say that we're hopeful, this healing that's going on in the macro environment that we're seeing through green shoots and new projects that we're seeing through outside oil and gas, most verticals and, to be fair, probably lodging and travel. Most verticals are showing some growth or are maintaining the growth that we've seen since the trough that we talked about in Q2. So they're encouraged, and I'd say cautiously optimistic is the best way to think about it.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I think that the term of necessity is mother of invention is appropriate here, right? So as we thought about how we really wanted to hold the team intact. So when we get on the other side of this COVID tunnel, as we've been calling it, to make sure we have the ability to respond. And we've been able to do that through the in-sourcing kind of that you referred to. Just to give a data point, our headcount year-over-year is only down about 3%. And as you see, our margin -- I mean, our revenue volume for the quarter was down about 13%. And the reason we were able to do that, without having to sacrifice margin, is because we took some of our most expensive costs, like outside hauling, third-party repairs, and we in-sourced. So this way, we're keeping our people busy and, frankly, employed during a very difficult time. But to have capacity to be able to respond quickly as projects and markets continue to heal and grow. So that's something I think is silver lining through this COVID that we're going to utilize in the future. We haven't put math to it, to what extent, because one of the variables there is how fast is the demand going to grow? And how can you keep up with it? So I think that's a key learning for us that this in-sourcing opportunity is a great way to not only have control of that variable, but to actually do it in a more efficient way. As far as T&E and all that, we absolutely hope it comes back, because that means the world is healing and our people are out there with our customers and our employees. So that's less of an impact than the rental operating costs, as you can imagine. But we'd expect some of that to normalize. It might even increase a little bit here. So that's the way we're looking at the world right now.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. This is Matt. We're continuing to feel very strongly about our specialty business, the performance, as well the resiliency of the businesses have been doing great. They've been performing better than the business overall. All this was part of the strategy and expected. We do hear a lot of people talking about getting into the specialty business, understand what that dynamic could cause. I'll tell you that we still are seeing positive trends in specialty. And I would say that the performance tells us there's either more penetration opportunity or the competition is not moving as quickly as maybe it may sound like. But either way, we're very pleased with what we're doing from a specialty perspective. And as you recall, last year, they had some transient issues with margins that we talked about. They're also doing this in a tough environment with improved margins.
Matt Flannery: So we would expect Q4, in any environment, over Q3 to be sequentially down. And you've heard us talk before. Once we get around mid-November, we start to see what we lovingly and I’m going to use that tongue in cheek called the turkey drop. So for the 30 years I've been in this business, I've never quite gotten comfortable with it. But we'll see a lot of fleet come off rent during that last half of the quarter. So therefore, we always expect sequentially that Q4 revenue will be lower than Q3 revenue by a little bit. And when you look at our change to our guidance, we're actually overall for total rent revenue for the year and revenue for the year feeling better than we did a few months ago. So I would think that, that sequential dip is -- would be normal seasonality. And part of what we've been talking about is that normal seasonal trend. Nothing out of the ordinary for us. As a matter of fact, if you think about the fact that we just raised CapEx, that's for specific projects that are coming out of the ground here in Q4 and specific opportunities. So that, in itself, we view as a positive sign that rent revenue will continue to trend with normal seasonal patterns.
Matt Flannery: I would say that’s just tactically right, as a lifelong operator. One of the interesting things of Q4 is when all that fleet comes off rent, you’re going to still have an enormous amount of activity, although you're not increasing your volumes of billable revenue. Because you're going to get all that fleet back and you're going to repair it when you get it back. So there are a little bit of cost disconnect in Q4 to that dynamic, but nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing that we haven't managed for years here, and nothing to call out specifically. But it is just think about it sequentially saying the cost would drop to the same level of revenue. It's usually not quite accurate in Q4, but nothing to call out, nothing out of the ordinary.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I wouldn't say that the fleet profile has changed significantly overall. We continue to outspend our way in specialty products versus gen rent. But outside of that, the mix was in gen rent. It will vary a little bit depending on projects and needs, but nothing material that I would call out.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So the latter. To be clear, right, we'll use the replacement CapEx as a starting point, then that will flex to meet demand, right? Well, first full demand with existing capacity. Let's say, for example, in this year, that existing capacity we had was greater, we had more opportunity that told us that we didn't need to replace all that would be going one direction. The other direction is we fill any incremental demand that was beyond the existing fleet size, right, thinking about the starting point being keeping fleet constant. Whatever gap we couldn't fill with existing capacity, existing fleet, we would then get incremental capital. So it's not a forecast usage tool. It's just to think about in a continually improving macro environment, your starting point, if we didn't need to shrink the fleet, would be to start at that replacement capital number. That's really what that has illustrated.
Matt Flannery: I would say, from a political perspective, outside of some type of infrastructure funding, which I think has bipartisan support, the issue there is how they're going to get funded. Outside of that, we're not -- we'll keep a very close eye on that as we have. We're not really watching that political environment from a macro perspective too much. We understand there may be winners and losers in certain sectors, but the impact on our business will be, we'll ship the assets to the winning verticals, and that's part of the resiliency of our model is that flexibility of very fungible assets. Personally, I think how we get through the pandemic will have a much bigger impact on how fast the economy recovers than the political environment. But once again, we have the time to wait and see and react.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I would say that shift, right, within non-res would not be as pronounced there. Maybe you'll get a little bit heavier to some larger scissor products versus smaller electric scissors, maybe a move a little bit, of Reach Fork. And -- but these are businesses and end markets that we've been supporting for quite some time. And so I wouldn't view a huge profile change from our asset base. As far as specialty, that's all about penetration. I would see infrastructure being a major area. I would see as turnarounds come back in refineries, that could be more opportunity for our specialty business as well as our gen rent. So I wouldn't say that shift within non-res as making a huge fleet profile change. I think more it would be industrial changes that would give us some maybe outweighted opportunity for our specialty products, because the industrial end markets tend to use the sole source broader fleet usage for us.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Petrochem has really been a challenge this year, led by upstream. When you think about -- I believe that rig count for Q3 was down 73% for upstream. So that's been the biggest challenge within a challenging overall petrochem environment. The good news for us -- and our upstream business was down 56% in the quarter. The good news for us is it's kind of bottomed out. And it's about 2% of overall revenue. So we're not counting on or expecting any recovery there anytime soon. If it comes, we'll measure how quickly we'll react and how we'll react with really just specific key customers that have bigger value for us. I'm not chasing the oil rush. I don't think I see us doing that again. Downstream is totally different ball of wax and they as well have been challenged, but we're very well positioned with these refineries. And I think as the world opens up again, and the need for their output increases, we're going to be poised -- very well poised for that to be a future opportunity. Whether that happens, at what period, in 2021 that happens? We don't have a position on yet. I can tell you that fourth quarter turnarounds and shutdowns have been delayed again as these people are really conserving cash and trying to do everything they can to control costs. But we'll be patient, and I would see that as an opportunity. But when you look at petrochem, overall, it's about 12% of our overall business and challenged right now. Industrial, when you take that out, it's actually been flattish. It's been moderating. So it's been a better story once we take that petrochem headwind out of it. And I talked a little bit about the potential for offshoring, the potential for manufacturing opportunity here. And that's something we're keeping a close eye on, because that could be another leg of growth that we could look forward to kind of offset some of the challenges in the industrial end market.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Rob. So on the first part of your question, that is a wildcard, right? This is where our lack of visibility of trying to time out when this dislocation, downturn, pandemic future term. When it ends? We really -- I think we really have to wait and see how we respond specifically in this winter and how things go up, and how the government, municipality, state and really, the population responds to it. So this is a bit different than any of the other downturns I've been in, in my career. So I would say that that's still an open-ended question for us. But I think we've been seeing the signs of resiliency through this. And I think that whether it's the used sales volume holding up, whether it's that we're still seeing new projects start here in the fourth quarter as there's still a lot of concerns about when the broader economy is going to accelerate. So we feel, I'll repeat, cautiously optimistic. We're seeing some good signs. They could all pause and go back. We don't know, but I think we're positioned as I talked about our flexibility for it either way. So there is no template, no boiler plate for pandemic-related downturn that I could pull out of the drawer. But at the same time, we are seeing activity pick up, which I view as a very positive sign. From an M&A perspective, we continue to be focused on any M&A pipeline activity that we think makes sense for us strategically, and then it goes through the rigor. Well, does it make sense? Is the timing, right? And most importantly, does it make financial sense? So admittedly, for the past 6 months, it hasn't been a large area of focus. But the pipeline still keeps working. Our M&A team, our business dev team will take inbound calls still keeps working. And we'll continue to do that with a lean towards anything that we can do to serve our customers with more products and services. To broaden that, as you heard me talk about that competitive moat to help do more -- solve more problems, we think, is just part of our whole value prop. So there would continue to be that lean to any new products that we can bring to market with our existing customers on our existing projects, is something we're focused on.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Scott. So when we think about how much we sweated the fleet, I'll use the term that's been used frequently. The great news is because of the used sales volume that we've had this year and the ability to continue to get out what we call, RUL, rental useful life fleet, and manage this cradle to grave of these assets. We actually -- I think we’ve picked up on a year-over-year basis only about 5 months of fleet [agents]. Considering what we've gone through, that's less than we thought we would have, quite frankly. So we've always talked about that we'd have 12 months of headroom, at least in any particular Cat Class. We haven't even had to use half of that in what's been a very challenging year. So not that I want to speak this into anyone's future. If we had to wash, rinse and repeat 2020, again in '21, we'd be able to do it from a fleet age perspective without any meaningful increase in R&M. So that's the way we view that. We're very comfortable with that. And once again, it's important the way that we manage assets cradle to grave. The exit part of this is a big part of keeping that fleet age healthy and have the ability to get through any part of the cycle.
Matt Flannery: Courtney, just for me to add on is, one interesting point you made, it sounds like me talking in a business review with the team in the field. When you talked about how can we have it manage the headcount earlier? I actually think we might have, what we're learning is we may have over-managed it. And using headcount as a proxy for cost, and what in-sourcing is [product]. So what I think the future opportunity is, is you can keep your heads heavier and get rid of higher per transaction cost through the outsourcing, which we used to look at as the opportunity for seasonal spikes. So these are some of the learnings that we'll be looking at. And Jess and the team will be will be turning through and great opportunity for the future.
Matt Flannery: Yes. This was really a mix of both things that you had mentioned. Certainly, some specialty, and we have mentioned how power has had a real strong year. So certainly, some more capital than we had expected going there. But also even within our gen rent product lines, there are some categories that, as we sat here at peak season in October, we were tight on. And it's hard to believe when you think about that fleet productivity and volume still down year-over-year, but every dollar of CapEx is not created equal. There are some assets out there that we needed to go purchase to support some big customers on some projects coming out of the ground, and that's what that raise was about. By definition, if you think about replacement CapEx being dollar for dollar, we won't replace all the fleet that we sold this year because our spend will be significantly less than the OEC value what we sold. So it really wouldn't be tied to replacement.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator. And to everyone on the call, we appreciate your time. Thanks for joining. I'm glad we had, what we feel, is a positive story to tell. And our Q3 investor deck has the latest updates, including some key ESG data from our new corporate Responsibility Report that we released last week. So please take a look at that. And as always, if you have any questions, feel free to call Ted. So until we talk again in January, stay safe. Have a good holiday season, and look forward to talking to you soon. Operator, you can end the call.
Jessica Graziano: So this is Jessica. What I would say is a strength that we have here at United Rentals is that a large portion of our used sales are in a retail market that are essentially sales to our customers, right? And we continue to see strength through that retail channel. As a matter of fact, as I mentioned earlier, we had 35% more volume move through that channel this Q3 versus last. And so the strength of that is really indicative of our customers needing that equipment. And the continuing recovery that Matt also mentioned that we're seeing pretty broadly across the majority of our end markets. So the strength that we're seeing in used sales, I think, is directly attributable to that same recovery pace that we're seeing across the business.
Jessica Graziano: Seth, so 2 things that I mentioned. So first, I know you've heard me say this before, but I think it's really important this quarter not to anchor to the midpoint. We've done a lot of work at possibilities of how the revenue could come in and what that means in terms of EBITDA and even some of the cost trends. And so I'll give that caution again about not anchoring to the midpoint. The other thing that I'll mention is in the fourth quarter of last year, we had a tailwind in bonus expense. And so the impact that that's going to have on the fourth quarter this year, from a margin perspective, is going to be somewhere -- if I use midpoint revenue, it's going to be somewhere around 50 basis points to 70 basis points of drag. So that's going to play through Q4 as well.
Jessica Graziano: Scott, hi, it's Jess. So yes, I mean, we're encouraged as we think about fleet productivity in an environment where this healing continues and the recovery -- this moderate recovery extends into 2021 that we've talked about fleet productivity getting better, right, and starting to turn, particularly in the back half of next year, right? May come a little sooner, depending on how that recovery works through, but we are encouraged that, with a focus on continuing to have better absorption with each quarter that passes that, that fleet productivity is going to get better for us as 2021 goes on.
Jessica Graziano: Courtney, it's Jess. So the headcount actually has gone down. So on a year-over-year and even as we think about the headcount from, let's call it, the middle of March, when the pandemic started, we've had some natural attrition in the business where our headcount has declined. And we have leaned on that overtime that I mentioned did go up in the third quarter. We have leaned on that overtime not just to support that in-sourcing effort that we're doing with repair and delivery, but also to support just the fact that headcount is down across the branches. So as we think about continuing to really manage through the opportunity of bringing that premium third-party cost in-house, it's a learning that we've had through the COVID period of having a better balance around how much full-time headcount do we want, how much overtime can we use as a flex for when seasonally the activity will peak and ebb and how we can continue to use third parties where we need to, but really focus instead on using our own capacity to be able to support the activity. Now if we think about that from what's that worth financially, frankly, I don't think the business has normalized for enough of a period of time where we can put a number on that. But I can tell you as one of the primary learnings we've had from an operational perspective, there's definitely opportunity for us to continue to tweak how we use our inside labor to be able to support the business. I couldn't tell you right now exactly how much that’s worth, but it's definitely something that could drive productivity in the future.
