Mike Kneeland: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As you saw yesterday, we delivered a strong fourth quarter performance to cap another record year. Our results underscore two key dynamics that were fundamentally important to our narrative in 2018 and again in 2019. First, that our industry continues to benefit from a positive operating environment; and second, that we’re positioned to leverage demand through a combination of scale, technology and other sustainable competitive advantages. Now we take all these factors into account when we strategize about growth and profitability. And in our fourth quarter results, you saw proof that our strategy is working. In a few minutes, Matt will talk about our strategy in our operating landscape and Jessica will cover the numbers. But I’d like to touch on the highlights of the quarter upfront. As reported, our adjusted EBITDA was 18% higher than a year ago and a 20% increase on total revenue. This reflects both M&A and organic growth. Volume increased by almost 17% and rates increased by 2.2%, two indicators of a healthy marketplace. Our time utilization decreased by 120 basis points to 68.8% reflecting the impacts of Baker and BlueLine as well as tough comp from the prior year hurricanes. Looking at the 12 months of 2018, our free cash flow was very strong at more than a $1.3 billion and our return on invested capital was a robust 11%, and both of these were company records. So a lot of momentum going into 2019 and a broad-based market activity to support a positive forecast. On the subject of the macro, as you might imagine, we get asked about it a lot and obviously there’s some uncertainty out there in things like interest rates and tariffs, and you can see that in the stock market. But we have an industry’s biggest barrier [ph] to the ground and from everything that we’re seeing and hearing, there’s no discernible impact on our business. All signs indicate another solid year of growth. In addition, we have a long history of outperforming both the equipment rental industry and the construction marketplace. We did that again in 2018 when the U.S. rental industry is widely expected to report expansion in the mid-single digits. And by contrast, our revenue grew by almost 11% on a pro forma basis. And importantly, we have a robust capital structure that gives us significant flexibility in navigating any market conditions. And for all these reasons we have confidence in the 2019 guidance that we reaffirmed yesterday. Looking forward, we remain focused on balancing growth, margins and returns and free cash flow and ensuring that our entire company operates with this goal. This includes aligning the acquisitions we’ve integrated over the past two years and we bought quality operations with great teams who can thrive on our ecosystem, and now we’re identifying ways to optimize the operations as part of United Rentals. So in some ways 2019 will be business as usual for us, bearing in mind that we’re in the business of constantly moving forward and we’ll continue to explore new technologies, leverage our assets and invest in better ways to serve our customers. These initiatives are all part of the narrative at our annual management meeting two weeks ago. We had almost 2,000 leaders with us in Minneapolis, including many managers who recently came on board. And it really drove home the fact that United Rentals is a very different company than we were a decade ago, not just larger in size but with a more resilient business model and a strategy that points us firmly toward the future. Now before I hand it over to Matt, I want to mention the succession plan that we announced in January 8th. This is the result of a comprehensive planning process that our Board engaged over a number of years. As you know, Matt has been appointed our new CEO effective May 8th at our annual shareholder meeting. At that time, I expect to replace Jenne Britell as non-executive chairman and Bobby Griffin as lead independent director. Now I want to take this opportunity to express my deep gratitude to Jenne as one of the architects of our transformation. She’s also been a role model for our employees and an inspiration for me personally. Succession planning can be a complex process in a company of our size but the Board got it absolutely right. There’s a lot of continuity with our transition. Matt’s been immersed in our strategy for the past decade and he knows where the opportunities lie, and I look forward to collaborating with him in my role as chairman come May. So, Matt, over to you.
Mike Kneeland: So as you know, Rob, we’ve done nine acquisitions in the last two years and we model each one of these out just by the spend and within that is customer retention, cross-sell goals, how can we take our value prop on this base of customers that we acquire and make it accretive? How can we be a better owner of the business? We’ve been very pleased with our ability to do that. I think that one of the primary reasons is the breadth and depth of our offering. There’s nobody else that could own these businesses that we buy that has that opportunity, that muscle to flex and I think it’s been a big secret to our success and something that we’re really focused on. It starts with retention of the employees and retention of the capacity that you acquired as well and those are our two biggest focuses in the first days, not even weeks, days of integration. How do we make sure we maintain the relationships, the capacity that we bought and leverage it into growth? And you hit on the head of that manifest itself in customer retention and customer cross-sell. So we feel real good about it. It’s a huge focus for us.
Mike Kneeland: So, first of all, all the impacts are embedded within the guidance that we gave. So I won’t get into parsing out what participation each one has numerically. But I would just say our overall portfolio; our continued focus on cross-sell, our continued headroom in the end markets that we serve organically, even more so in specialty, and then last would be any opportunities to add products and services. We’re building out our onsite services platform right now. That’s a great growth opportunity. It also further provides service to our customers as a one-stop shop. That kind of cross-selling has been the secret sauce to our success. And it’s a differentiator because not everyone can do it. Matter of fact, most can’t as broadly as we can. So that’s how we look at the levers, Steve, and I think that that’s the way I would characterize it.
Mike Kneeland: So just to clarify a data point for you in case you didn’t have it, so it’s about – we have about 5% exposure to upstream oil and gas which is primarily where everybody’s worried about and I believe what you’re asking about, that’s less than half of what it was last time back in '14, '15. I also think the industry doesn’t have as much exposure for a couple of reasons. First of all, the end market is not trading at that premium that it was then. So your tradeoff of how much fleet you’re going to put in that end market versus other opportunities is not out weighted in pricing and returns. It’s more like the rest of the business. And I also think to give that industry kudos. I think they’ve done a better job of driving productivity in their exploration, in their drilling. They get more pull per pad. There’s all kinds of innovation going on in that space where they don’t need the equipment that they needed for each, I’ll just say, barrel of pull in the past. And I think they’ve lowered their cost to pull in some of the more mature [indiscernible]. I think the industry’s in the same position. So we’re not worried about an oversupply. If something did collapse, which we’re not seeing, we saw 5% percent growth in Q4 and 4% sequential growth on our upstream oil and gas in Q4. So the true momentum is still positive, but we’re not getting overly weighted in that category and I think the industry is also very conscious of that.
Mike Kneeland: Jerry, I would only add that Matt got that completely right. The company over time – our cap structure is solid and we are a cash generator and we are focused on returns. But as Matt mentioned, how can we help and facilitate productivity and safety in the workplace? And that’s where we’ll turn to and Matt and team will work with the Board in developing that strategy and we’re very excited about it.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. Our fourth quarter deck is available to download along with the presentation from our Investor Day. And as Jessica mentioned, we’ll be updating our new metric, so that we’ll be out there as well. Any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR, if you have any additional questions. And we look forward to reporting and talking to you again after the first quarter. And I want to thank everybody.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Ross, this is Matt. I think Mike covered it but then additionally when we see the results being broad, not just the customer confidence index which is an addition to all the macro data that everybody has access to. But then as Mike spoke about it in his opening remarks, we have 1,200 locations with barriers to the ground, this is their job. So they are in customers’ offices, they’re looking at backlogs. So the data, the anecdotal, the local intelligence, all point to a strong 2019. And once again it’s very broad. So there’s no hot pockets that anybody is relying on to drive growth.
Matt Flannery: So I think the prioritization of what we do with our free cash flow remains the same. So it has been a big part of the strategy, so it will be a little disingenuous for there to be a major pivot. If there was, I should have spoke up sooner during my current role. But I think that the prioritization certainly influenced by what we think the end market looks like in the next 12 to 18 months and that’s how we’ve made our decisions for '19, we’ll go through that same process. But organic growth primary looking for any opportunities whether they be tuck-ins – I don’t know at this point if I’ll say too many transformational M&A, but looking at M&A it’s got a higher threshold at certain points in the market. And then how do we do the combination of paying down debt if our leverage is already in a good spot. Then we look at how do we return cash to shareholders? And that as Jess appropriately said something that we go through our Board. But I wouldn’t look for a major shift in strategy. And if we do develop strategy, we’ll certainly as always communicate.
Matt Flannery: Sure. We’re really pleased with the BlueLine integration for the first couple of months here. We’ll have – as I mentioned in the script, most of the structural decisions have been made and they’ll be – if they haven’t been executed already they will be by the end of Q1. And then the next phase as we get into the seasonal strength of our build is when we’ll really see how we leverage those additional relationships, sell more value into those customers that came with the BlueLine team. And we’re looking forward to that. We’d love to buy every company in April when we get to the seasonal build because we won’t really be able to take advantage of that scale we bought until April when the seasonality kicks in. So looking ahead to that and looking forward to it.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Well, if you think about that in the last 24 months we’ve bought three of the Top 10 in the gen-rent space, you’d have to imagine at this point we’re looking at opportunistic tuck-ins and certainly anything that broadens our offering, such as you saw with Baker. Anything in the specialty space is something we’d be more focused on. But it has to still meet the three strategic levers that we’ve always talked about, the three points of entry. And I would say that the financial bar has to be higher right now. We’ve got a lot on our plate. We’re doing a great job absorbing it, but we still have opportunity to grow off this new platform. So that raises the bar a little bit on M&A as far as what has to be done. But we’re still willing to look at tuck-ins, looking at opportunities to broaden our penetration and our offering. So I would just say a higher bar.
Matt Flannery: Rob, I’ll take this opportunity to remind everybody. To be clear – I’m sorry, Joe, to be clear, this is very much impacted by our focus on managing rate and time. So there’s no change in that philosophy, just more comprehensive and I want to share that with everyone. It’d be a big mistake if somebody mistook that we’re getting away from managing rate. It’s still a great lever for us.
Matt Flannery: And I think that’s one of the reasons why we’re going to continue to give the quarterly rate and time for the first half of '19. It will help people get to reconcile how they’ve thought about the business, how we’re continuing to focus on the overall returns. But also it will help some of the M&A noise flow through the numbers and we’ll get a little bit more stable because you could look at the history here on Slide 36 and why we called out the M&A. It does make the numbers a little bit choppy for a couple of quarters, then we integrate it into our network, we get the improved productivity and then we bought somebody else. So we think this will stabilize a little bit and be helpful going forward.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. So we do have a lot of flexibility. Depending on the vendor, we have 30 or 40 days cancellation policies. But we’ve also got a lot of pre-buys out there. The pipeline is build for us to be able to be responsive in the peak seasons of Q2 and Q3. And then we make the appropriate – as we see the seasonal build of Q2, Q1 is kind of locked in. There’s nothing in Q1 that would make us change our view to be overly optimistic or overly pessimistic to be frank. But as we get into the build of April, May and into June, we’ll need to pull CapEx forward or delay some CapEx. So those are the levers that we use. We’ve got great relationships with our partners to be able to do this. And it’s part of why you keep hearing us talk about flexibility. And if we start to move towards the top end of our range that we’ve guided and we see the demand for the next 12 months continues to be robust, we’ll pull some forward. And then as we get into Q4 as we did this year, we’ll continue to fund. If the opposite is true, we have that flexibility to respond. So we’re really comfortable within that spend bucket that we can be very responsive even within, let’s say, 70% that we pre-slot for. Those are pre-slots to reserve, not necessarily commitments to buy.
Matt Flannery: Yes, our planned number. It’s usually – this is something that we finish before the new year. So our process hasn’t changed.
Matt Flannery: So we already – so just as a note, about a third of our growth CapEx this year will go toward specialty. So that’s – we pretty much fund the specialty growth, not just for the cold starts but that continued organic growth that the team is driving over and above their 20%, 23% average of the company today. So that’s how we continue to fund that robust growth, because it’s a great business decision for us on many levels, strategically and financially. As far in pulling back the gen rent CapEx, that would be a separate discussion on seeing if we were having opportunity or challenges in the gen rent business market-by-market. That’s the way we manage it. We review it regularly. But it’s important to understand these are all mostly the same customer base, so they are very connected. And strength of one helps strength of the others. So I think that’s just important to note, report them separately. We’ve really intertwined these businesses together as one United Rentals’ value prop.
Matt Flannery: So I’ll tongue-in-cheek a little bit here. I think – I would love to say Mike’s going to expect more now that he’s Chairman, but frankly he did that when he was CEO as well. So he was always driving us forward. But I think the company that we created and the trajectory of the strategy has a momentum to carry us forward. We are constantly looking at new opportunities. I think you see just in our guidance here in '19, in the near term we think there is more headroom in our existing space. But we’re looking at new opportunities, whether they’re adjacencies, whether there is opportunities to expand in different products and services for a same customer base or just the continued secular penetration that we think is still there for an industry that’s maybe 50% penetration right now. So we don’t think that our strategy needs to change. It needs to involve and enhance and our investments in productivity and technology that we’ve made internally, we think we can turn outward now and help drive better performance, better productivity for our customers. So that’s one of the areas that we’re focused on. Our scale gives us that opportunity to invest and innovate in technology and that I would call out as a primary focus if I was going to call out any single one.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Jerry. So first off, the dollar on a pro forma basis, which is probably the more appropriate way to look at it, was up 30 bips. The 80 bips was dragged down obviously by some of the lower dollar utilization assets from Baker and other acquisitions; by the way, high return assets as well, long-lived assets. So if anybody thinks that that balance was very – what’s the right word, it was an important one for us in making decision on that acquisition. Also, it’s additional products and service for our customers. But to answer your question more directly, we feel that this fleet productivity measure is just going to be an accurate filter to look at the business through. We get that folks are going to need to be recalibrated. That is intentional, because we do need to be recalibrated. The specialty mix and that continuing growing specialty mix and evolution of our offerings has changed our company. It’s made us more resilient. It’s made us more diverse and we feel very strongly, it’s made us more profitable. That’s why we’re able to report record returns. So that’s the way we’re looking at it and we will continue to be as helpful as we can to help the investment community through the transition and the evolution with us.
Matt Flannery: Sure, mostly. But as I gave you the other conversation, we look at mix within our gen rent offerings. We look at mix within same categories. So it’s not just specialty. Specialty, as it grows larger than the company average, has therefore a larger impact. But it’s not just specialty. It’s a strategic decision throughout our portfolio.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Ross. Good afternoon. It’s Jess. Yes. We definitely believe that those margins are not only stable but that we can actually grow them. As we’ve talked about flow through just even as we look at 2019, we’ve talked about the acquisitions being a bit of a drag. But as those acquisitions continue to be integrated and we focus on the growth, the overall flow through of 60% across the core business just even mathematically means that we believe there’s opportunity to grow margins going forward.
Jessica Graziano: So I can’t pinpoint one specific quarter for you, Ross. But as we talked about, Baker is a drag on those margins. As we continue to integrate that business, you will see the inflection as we anticipate growing those margins in the future.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Hi, David. So I think the first caution I would give is on the midpoint. Obviously, if we use the midpoint that is going to connote a specific number. If we look at the contribution that we’re expecting for the acquisitions in '19, and we also adding the synergies that we expect – what we expect to realize within a year, excluding those, we are still plus or minus closer to 60% across the core.
Jessica Graziano: So obviously we haven’t locked in on a plan for 2020, so I don’t want to speculate on this call. But we’re always coming back to our capital allocation strategy and what we believe is appropriate for the business given where the business is at that time. So we’re very comfortable with where the leverage range is right now at 2.5x to 3.5x. We know that we’ll be at the closer end of that range should '19 play out the way we think it will right now. And we have discussions with our Board formally through the year about whether or not there should be any change to our direction on the way we approach our strategy. So there’s no change to talk through right now, but we – obviously we’ll have those discussions with our Board as the year plays out.
Jessica Graziano: So what I’d add to that is, as we think about fleet productivity, it’s going to help from a communications perspective and giving insight to how we’re managing across those levers that we talked about. The math behind it is that it’s really aggregation of change in rate and change in time and change in mix. And so throughout the field we’re still going to be focused on each of those levers and how we can use them to continue to focus on profitable growth, and then ultimately decisions that with those levers are going to optimize returns. But in bringing them together into a fleet productivity metric, it allows for us to communicate how those three levers have kind of played against each other, the interplay across the three of them. When you think about it from a consolidated perspective, what that also does is it helps us to make sure that our capital decisions, right, that change in the OEC that you’ll see is a separate component of how we talk about rental revenue, it will help us to make sure that we’re optimizing our decisions specific to what’s arguably one of the most important decisions we make in the business which is how much capital we’re going to buy and sell.
Jessica Graziano: Yes, so – hi, Steven, it’s Jess. So we’re not going to guide to that number. That’s going to be more of an output each quarter as to what’s happened in the aggregate across the rate, time and mix. So I definitely don’t want to try and put a number out there. I will – just as folks are going through the information we’ve put in the investor presentation, I will just note that the as reported fleet productivity will continue to be impacted by our acquisitions. They will be a drag on what the total productivity number is. So let me give you an example. You’ll see in our investor presentation that the productivity on an as-reported basis is 1.5. So that’s got a little bit of a drag from the acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, that number is 3.9. So we’ll give context to fleet productivity going forward when we give the quarter. But at this point, we’re not going to guide to it.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Seth. Honestly, there is nothing that I would call out that has any kind of a significant effect year-over-year within '19. Nothing that – outside of the impact of the acquisitions on total flow through, that 60% or something close to that 60% across the core, doesn’t have anything that needs any kind of call out.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Jerry, it’s Jess. I’d just like to add one thing. We know that as folks are calibrating themselves to the new metric, there’s obviously the math behind how fleet productivity comes together. What we will do after the call is we’ll actually add a cheat sheet to our investor presentation that walks through the math behind how we used to reconcile OER in total rental revenue and how the new bridge to rental revenue will look like using fleet productivity as a component of OER. So everybody can look for that cheat sheet to be up very soon after this call is over.
David Raso: Okay. I can take this offline just because I would think you’re getting incremental sales about 8.75 from BlueLine and Baker combined, just the incremental. I’m just using a core about 40 on BlueLine, add 20 million of savings; 28 on Baker, add 12.5 of savings. I’m just coming out with the core business seems a little bit light and I just get – I’m not trying to characterize it as pessimistic, conservative, just the framework, am I missing something on the numbers. But we can take it offline. You’re still going with the idea your guide midpoint implies core incremental at 60.
David Raso: Okay. And my second question as you – in the slides you’re targeting at year end the leverage down to the low end of your range, right, the 2.5 --
David Raso: I appreciate it. It was a bit of an unfair question but just given obviously some of the management changes and the recent repo announcement I thought I’d just give you the platform to answer it as you wish. So I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
