Matthew Flannery: No, I think Bill's touched on it. And we'll continue to see October and November sequentially improve, as we historically do. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Jerry. As far as your first point on Total Control, as you could see on Slide 17 of the investor deck, we've had a $28 million improvement, a 27% improvement over this time -- over Q3 last year. And we're going to continue cross-selling to new customers within the portfolio. We had over 200 prospective Total Control members at our conference that we had in Orlando last month. This is an annual conference we get to introduce the Total Control offering to existing customers, to help us enhance it, as well as bring in new opportunities. So we feel very comfortable that we'll continue to penetrate more customers with this value-added tool. As far as the synergies, as you recognize, we'll reach our $230 million to $250 million range by year-end as opposed to having to wait until 2015. And we'll continue to look for more opportunities in productivity basically in shop and driver turnarounds. And we have an ongoing lean process that we're going through to help capture some of those opportunities. So we feel very good about that and even better that we're a year ahead of schedule on achieving that $230 million to $250 million range. 
Matthew Flannery: There's not a significant difference in the period mix, the day, week and month rate improvement. It's consistent with what we've been achieving over the last couple of years, and we don't really expect to see much variation in that either. 
Matthew Flannery: Obviously, the contractual, if you look at a month by month by month, is a little more stable. But as far as against our goals and against our previous achievement, we're not seeing fluctuation. 
Matthew Flannery: Well, I would just reiterate, with the specialty business, the high return products, and not only that, but a unique product offering in our space, we've grown our specialty products at 3x the rate that we've grown our overall fleet. So that's -- we'll continue to see that trend throughout '14. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Manish. It's Matt. I'm not sure which metrics you'd like to hear about. But just as we look at the business, we've got a lot of focus right now and will throughout 2014 about continuing to drive more productivity. We think the scale that we've built from the merger and now that we are very comfortable in branches that are anywhere from 30% to 50% more fleet than they had pre-merger, we think we've got some opportunities to reengineer. And whether it's cost out or just not as much cost in to support our growth, we think productivity is probably our single largest next lever of opportunity. 
Matthew Flannery: Nick, it's Matt. So when you look at it on a year-over-year trend, we'll -- we continue to see sequential improvement that may not be as robust every month as it was last year. But we've seen sequential improvement throughout Q3. We expect to see sequential improvement up through December. December could be flat, but we don't need December to be sequentially improved to hit our 4%-plus target. And we're seeing most of the industry with a similar discipline around rate and understanding for all the reasons we need to, inflation of equipment costs and everything else that's involved in it. We're not really concerned that we're not going to continue to get rate improvement throughout next year. I think we referred to it earlier. We're going to go into next year with a 2% year-over-year improvement. Our year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter, we expect to be over what the year-over-year improvement was in the third quarter. And on top of that demand, we've got record time utilization for us, and as we sit here today, still a very robust time utilization. So we're very comfortable with the trajectory we're on to meet our commitments that we've made. 
Matthew Flannery: I think it's a combination of both, Nick. It's certainly the fact that, as we had referred to earlier in the year, that we were going to put more sales reps back in the network to help accomplish that. So we've got 118 reps more today than we started the year with, and that's a net number and well on our way to our goal of 120 to 150 increase. I think the demand for these accounts is also higher. And I just think we needed to reconnect. And the combination of many outbound calling programs and a lot of activity around this, once we recognize that we lost touch with some local folks through the branch consolidations, we just made a very conscious effort, and I think that number reflects the benefits of that effort. 
Matthew Flannery: No. I think Bill captures it well, and I just think it's another byproduct of the strong demand that we see from our customer base. With improved fleet growth, improved time utilization, improved year-over-year rates and improved used sales volume and margin, it is really in the retail channel, which is really our end users, I think, points to all the great indicators that we're seeing. 
William Plummer: Yes, we can -- what we'd say is we'll be about 60% for the full year based on our forecast for the fourth quarter. So all of that's consistent with the flow-through about 60% in Q4. And as you look to next year, we view our base business as being a flow-through normally in that 60% to 70% range. So I'd probably say about 60% for next year as well. Obviously, we have to refine and finalize our planning process for next year, but that's the neighborhood that I think we'd be comfortable with. 
William Plummer: Sure, Ted. I think it's fair to say, next year, we expect, with the improving level of demand in the overall macro environment, to spend a little bit more on fleet than we did this year, all right? So instead of $1.6 billion, we're thinking a touch more, a touch might be an extra $100 million, in the $1.7 billion area. And obviously, we'll flex if we see the demand ramp up significantly or ramp down significantly. But that's the framing thought right now. A significant portion of that level of spend or that incremental spend is being driven by growth in our specialty area. Trench, Power & HVAC are opening new branches, as we've talked, and really penetrating the market more effectively. So we want to support that without starving the rest of our gen rent business. And so that's the framing thought process. I don't know, Matt or Mike, if you guys want to add anything about where else we might emphasize the spend. 
William Plummer: Yes, I think a normal cadence of quarters is probably the way to think about it. As we planned, obviously, it'll depend on our planning process, which we're in the middle of as we speak. But I think if you look back historically, a more normal cadence is where you should start thinking about 2015. 
William Plummer: Yes, that's the way we usually talk about it. I mean, there's not a lot of cash, so $120 million or so of cash relative to $7 billion of debt or so is not going to make a big difference. But yes, total debt is usually the way we think about it. 
William Plummer: Yes, I mean, again, we'll manage it with debt reduction currently in mind. And so I think that's a backhanded way of saying, "Don't look for $100 million worth of share repurchase in the quarter." I think we'll manage the share repurchase to make sure that we stay on that path of leverage reduction. 
William Plummer: So without addressing the specific numbers, what I'd say is that we purposely chose the size and the timing of our share repurchase and purposely chose the statements that we make about the leverage so that we can make them all work together. So 18 months is the time that we said we would execute the share repurchase over, and that's not a statement that we do all $500 million during calendar 2014. And we'll continue to focus on managing and balancing how much we do of any of this so that we can continue to delever. That's an important priority for us, and we're going to manage with that objective firmly in mind. And we feel confident that we can do it. 
William Plummer: Sure, Manish. We monitor the higher coupon issues on almost a daily basis. Even if we didn't want to, we get phone calls almost on a daily basis. So we're always thinking about those issues. In particular, the 9.25 and the 10.25 are the issues that we do keep close tabs on. And right now, as we sit today, it's a challenge economically to say that it's appropriate to go, right? We don't have a call available under the terms of those notes today, right? The calls don't come into effect until later next year. And to take them out right now, you'd have to use the make whole or tender for them, and that's pretty expensive. So we're continuing to monitor. As time passes, as we get closer to the intrinsic calls in the issues, the premium to take them out comes down. And time is on our side in that regard. So timing, we'll certainly monitor it every day from now going forward. Realistically, you probably over the next couple of quarters before it really becomes economically attractive to do something. But we'll certainly let you know as we think more concretely about when we might do it. 
William Plummer: Why don't we get through our planning process for this year and give you more clarity on that in January, Scott? I mean, I certainly feel like it'll be a very robust free cash flow result. I really not like to put any new numbers on the table at this point. And so let's talk in January. 
William Plummer: So I think what we would say is what we've said basically since I walked through the door here, at least. We're in discussions with suppliers about next year's purchases as we speak. We feel very good about our ability to keep our overall inflation in the low -- in the very low single digits on a year-over-year basis. There will be some impacts to final Tier 4 configurations of some cat classes. But when you blend that, the impact of price increases for final Tier 4 in with the overall purchases, we're still going to be in the low -- very low single digits. 
William Plummer: I'd also add that, as you look at the fourth quarter, the comparable is a little easier in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter. If you remember back last year, in the third quarter, the sequential months in the third quarter last year were very robust. July was 1.2%, August was 1.1% and September was flat. But that was a very robust third quarter. And so you're comparing to a pretty high base of pricing there. Those sequentials eased in the fourth quarter last year. And so if we can sustain the sequential momentum that we think, it'll show as an improvement in the year-over-year for the fourth quarter. 
William Plummer: Steve, I'll take a shot at it. We don't have a specific target that we're trying to achieve. I guess you could say our target is 100%. 
William Plummer: But I think at some point, it will slow down. I don't know that we're at the point yet where that share of retail will slow down significantly in the near term. I think we're getting better all the time at how we market used equipment. We're getting more sales collateral in the hands of our sales reps. We continually update how we present the equipment online, more pictures of the equipment. And we're running many more training actions to get sales reps focused on selling used equipment alongside rental. We're just now starting to ramp up a very focused effort on sales, export sales, for example, that should help keep that channel going. So it's hard to put numbers on it, but I think you can look for that mix to continue to shift positively. And that is going to be all good in terms of driving our margin performance. Anything you disagree with, Matt, or... 
William Plummer: It will be exactly what it needs to be to get to 68% for the year. How's that? No, it's -- we'll continue to see our year-over-year improvement in the -- in Q4. We haven't quantified it, but -- other than what's needed to get to the full year. But we feel pretty good about how time ute is developing here. So not quite another 100-basis-point improvement, but there'll be an improvement year-over-year in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Jerry, I would only go back to the 1 comment on Total Control that Matt talked about in Orlando. We announced that we've got a whole new mobile app that we are rolling out to our current members who are signed up with it, and it has a very robust capability, as well as some GPS additions. So that gives them, really, more opportunity to manage their consumption. And so it was very well-received amongst the audience, not only current customers but, more importantly, potential customers who are looking at the valued proposition around Total Control. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes. This is Mike. Let me just kind of walk you through the progression analysis that sets up where -- how you can take a look at the improvement in what we're seeing, what gives us confidence. Everyone on the call realizes that one of the leading indicators is the ABI index, and we've all been watching that every month as it comes forward. Year-to-date, there's only been 1 month that was negative in our space. When you go back to 2012, we had 3 negative months in that same period. '11, we had 4, and '10, we had 8. So you can see the reduction that you're seeing a negative in most of them, all with the exception of 1 month this year, we saw a positive growth component in that arena. Step back and take a look at residential construction. Residential construction continues to improve, and that's usually another leading indicator. Roughly, around 18 months after residential starts to improve, you'll start to see nonres improvement. Those correlations have been very well-documented in historical recessions. Our customers continue to be very optimistic. 63 of our respondents in Q3 expect growth in the next 12 months. So it continues to improve. And when you take a look and step away and look at the whole macro from the ARA metric, according to Global Insight, they're expecting an 8% growth in 2014 for our industry and a 10% growth in our -- in the rental industry in 2015. So you take that all together, coupled with the fact that Bill, myself and Matt, particularly, Matt spends a lot of time in the field, we were at the QBRs, the quarterly business reviews, very optimistic at the management level as well. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Manish, I would also add, just to give you a little color. You mentioned ARA Metrics and Rouse Analytics has a benchmark service that follows that and has a peer group that is pretty good-sized. We have in our presentation, we put in there, our dollar utilization as it relates to our industry peer group. We are -- we're the highest. We lead the industry within that peer group, which takes into account a lot of different things on dollar utilization. We also know that our rates are leading that industry peer group and have consistently done so for a period of time. But you asked where we can always improve. It comes to rate, it comes to mix, it comes to driving increased margin. And so I would tell you that we're never done. I think we have -- our best years are ahead of us, and we're going to focus intensely to achieve it. 
Michael Kneeland: Well, the specialty sides of the business and the adjacencies, you're pointing to something that, really -- it's very fragmented, extremely fragmented. There's only -- in 1 area, there's only 1 large company in the Power, and that's something that we would be interested in. We were focusing on right now doing organic with some bolt-ons. We've got a good team. They're showing good growth. And we're going to continue to feed that opportunity. With regards to the other adjacencies that we have there, we're always opportunistic and inquisitive to what may be out there. But there's nothing that is of any magnitude. But there are some adjacencies that are attractive, and those all will be fully vetted to the same process that we've always looked at. And our model is always focusing around our strategic vision. Is it accretive? Will it enhance our returns? And then, culturally, how does it fit with the organization? So we'll always use that as a balance. 
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. You'll find our latest Investor Presentation on our website, and we've added a few slides to it. And as always, please reach out to us if you have something you want to discuss. So I look forward to our next quarterly call. Thank you very much, and have a great day. 
