William Plummer: David, I won't offer a specific comment on the number. I think we've given enough components, especially with the EBITDA flow-through, so that you can converge on a pretty good sense of what we're thinking about. So I won't offer a comment on your specific number.
William Plummer: Well, I'd certainly -- I'd hesitate to say that we get back to a peak level, but not because that's not where we might end up, but because I would rather not address it that specifically. I do think that we will have a nice improvement based on the components that we've already talked about, and if we achieve what we've got in our plan right now, I'd feel very good about how we've driven those margins over the course of 2011.
William Plummer: So just to offer some comments on the various line items, the relationship of revenue to selling cost’s probably not going to be dramatically different as we go forward. And so I don't know that the percent of sales representative of selling cost you should think about as changing dramatically. Certainly, fuel costs as part of our overall delivery cost environment is something that we're watching very carefully. The trend of oil prices will be a major driver there. Repair and maintenance expense, we're operating at very nice levels of OEC on rent growth in the plan that we got for 2011. And as you might expect, repair and maintenance correlates pretty closely. So R&M expense is an area that we're going to be focused on, and that's one of the key variables in our variable cost bucket. Delivery costs, I mentioned already. Headcount and salary and benefit, our plan has headcount not changing dramatically over the course of the year. And so depending on sort of whether it's slightly plus or slightly minus will be a major driver there. The challenge with headcount is that we are coming off of the prior couple of years where we have restrained merit increases. And so merit increases are going to come back in 2011. So there'll be a headwind from that effect that we're going to have to manage through as the course of the year unfolds.
William Plummer: The 100% bonus depreciation scheme is not going to be a major impact for us. As may have commented before, we have a fairly large NOL position. It's going to take us a while to work off those NOLs, and so the cash tax benefit of 100% depreciation will be pushed out for us. So it’s a small enough effect so that we're not thinking explicitly about accelerating 2012 or 2011, into 2011 expenditures. In terms of how 2011 reflects our thinking about the longer term, I think the answer has got to be it depends on what we see developing going forward. Our view is that 2011, certainly, will be a nice down payment for growth over the next several years, if the market supports it. So if we go through 2011 and it develops the way we're thinking about right now, then that will give us more confidence that another round of nice investment in 2012 is warranted, and then I could say the same thing about '13 based on '12's performance. That's the way we're really thinking about the level of CapEx going forward. If the market's there, then we'll continue to invest in what we think are high return investments in capital. If the market develops more slowly, then we'll consciously look at dialing back some of the expectations that we might otherwise have had. A little vague, I know, but I think it’s important to understand that the investment decision is going to be keyed off of how we see the market developing, how we see our customer relationships developing and where we think we could put it to work at good returns.
William Plummer: I think it's probably not far off to say, "Look, if rates do better and we therefore generate more operating cash flow, we're probably not far from saying dollar-for-dollar, operating cash flow goes to CapEx." Now I hesitate in saying that because we certainly will have a lot of discussion around what the environment might support. But if the momentum is there, our view is let's try and put more fleet to work because we would be doing it in an environment that supports better returns. There's certainly a benefit to adding more fleet. There's certainly an impact on our ability to generate profitability and margin. But there's also an impact on our ability to continue to invest in the fleet to manage fleet age, to manage the mix and to support key customer growth. So we'd look for opportunities to invest more. And if the world goes better than we expect, then we're probably going to bump up the level of investment.
William Plummer: Yes, probably, but I guess I would answer at a high level. I don't see anything structurally that should keep us from being very competitive with our major competitors in terms of margin. A key question that we would need to wrestle with is, "Should we let margin go up to the mid-40s?" Right? Or if you're at that level of performance, your returns are going to be very attractive. Should you be investing more in your business and taking maybe a little bit less marginy kind of investment to drive better net present value of the business? That's the debate that we would have if we were north of 40% and given the opportunity of going 45% versus investing more and maybe staying at 40% and just being a bigger company. So that's the kind of discussion we would have. It's a high-class problem to have. Let's get there first.
William Plummer: I guess I would add, I agree, 100%. We could drive utilization higher. I think one of the important discussions that we should and will have as a business is, how much higher and whether we should allow utilization to go much higher than 67%, 68%, or should we, again, if the environment supports, should we invest more, grow the fleet more and keep utilization at about that level in the service of growing profitability and improving return? So yes, we could go higher. I have no doubt about that. I’ve become very fully convinced of that fact. The question is how much higher should we go. Again, high-class problem. Let's get there and then we can talk about it.
William Plummer: So without going into too much detail about how we've laid it out over the quarters, I will point out that the first quarter comps from last year are the easiest in the course of the year. But that said, we believe that there will be enough demand and enough momentum as we get into the second and third quarter in particular, so that there's a sequential rate improvement opportunity for us even in those environments. And then fourth quarter, again, we think that we can continue to trend sequentially rates higher in the fourth quarter. So there's a broad statement. I think the view is that we'll be able to continue to push rates higher as we go throughout the course of the year. The challenge of the comps from the prior year gets harder in the second and third quarter, but we believe that the market will be there to support rate improvement.
William Plummer: So with profitability, David, the share count clearly will start to include some of the securities that were anti-dilutive when we were in a loss position. As we look at the full year, assuming that we've got a nice net income position for -- a stock price in the $25 to $30 stock price, we think that the expected fully diluted share count will be somewhere in the, let's say in the mid-70s, as sort of a starting point for the year. So $75 million, let’s say, right in that area.
William Plummer: In terms of the fleet size at the end of the year, you can back into it reasonably closely, but say the fleet goes up 175 to 200, in that range.
William Plummer: Not materially, I mean, if you think about it. I mean, obviously, when you buy new, it brings it down. But a lot of our aerial fleet, we refurbished, and we're going to hold on to it. And so you'll see that age out over time, especially a lot of the booms, and to a lesser degree, some of the larger forklifts. So we see that as a viable alternative to buying some of these assets. So that has an impact as well. But again, as I mentioned, it's going to fluctuate a month in either direction, and we're very comfortable. And you can see by the utilization that we have out there, that our service ability on these assets is just fine.
Michael Kneeland: Also, David, we're reinstating our 401 contribution as well. So that's the only other bucket that I would say. But nothing has changed from a material standpoint.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, David, I just want to add that we are spending more CapEx, you're right. It's still down from peaks that we've spent as a company historically. And that we remain focused on free cash flow generation as an organization. And we want to drive our capital expenditures to be much more efficient, that's why we're transferring more equipment.
Michael Kneeland: Well, there's a seasonal trend every year. Some are more volatile than others. If you recall, the first quarter of last year, we had a significant seasonality swing with a lot of snow. Obviously, we're going through that. That hasn't changed our view on what we think 2011 can deliver. We're very comfortable with that. We planned for it. We understand it. And we just continually look at areas of opportunities, like the new accounts I mentioned. With regards to how our capital will be spent, I don't think it's going to be dramatically different as far as how it's been done in the past because you really want to bring the capital in so that you can get most of it put to work for the season. Having said that, we will spend capital as we have customer demand and as we continue to shift our focus on the national and industrial accounts and to meet those demands.
Michael Kneeland: The first part of that, I'd say that nothing's dramatically going to change from our purchases last year. We're going to be -- obviously, we'll buy aerial and all the products. The question is, will we be buying more on earthmoving? Yes. Will we be buying more in industrial-related products? Yes. And as I mentioned, we'll be expanding in the area of power HVAC and Trench as well. So our pattern and what our goal is hasn't changed. We will increase our percentages in earthmoving and other. And we will have a shift of our forklifts to be also not only reach forklifts, they’ll be higher reach forklifts but also the industrial forklifts. And then from the aerial standpoint, it will come down as a percentage of our total fleet mix. As far as the capacity, I can't speak to everyone's strategy that's out there. As we reported, we're seeing record demand, and we've seen three consecutive quarters. The way in which we focus on it is on customer demand and to make sure that we're staying true to our strategy. Do I think there’s capacity for the vendors to meet our demand? Absolutely. But I think, as an industry, and I go back to rates, we still need to focus on getting an ample return and make sure that what you are buying, you will get those returns over time.
Michael Kneeland: I know. As I said, that's the way we're viewing the world going into next year. Keep in mind that the construction by McGraw-Hill’s standards is only going to go up in the low-single digits. But do I think that we can go beyond that? Sure. We have a set goal that we've laid out there to achieve. We've been marching in that direction very nicely. We've had consecutive records for the company. But there's also a component that we are throughout all 10 Canadian provinces, and there's changes in the environment that you can't rent in certain areas because they’re in the outer banks, it's 40 below zero. But that being said, do I think that we can improve our time utilization? Yes. It will also come with the mix, the changes that we have as we layer them in overtime and we continue to develop our customer base.
Michael Kneeland: And I would just also point out that it's also balanced against a rate. You want to be able to get the rate. You can drive time in this business all day long, but you've got to balance the two of them.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I would say that's a fair statement. If you recall, the 69.3% time utilization is a record, and the performance speaks for itself. And we didn't see that drop off, as Bill mentioned, even with the holidays and the seasonal trend. Is there a seasonal component to our business? Absolutely. But clearly, we outperformed it.
Michael Kneeland: Well, as I mentioned, we saw the aerial in weekly and daily terms actually go up in the quarter. We did see a sequential improvement in aerial on the monthly side of things, but it wasn't enough to break through on a year-over-year basis. As we go through the year, we would expect to see more demand and be able to support a price increase for that product as well as we go through the year. So it's really -- we don't break it down specifically by categories. It's much more scientific than that. But we look at it by geography. We look at what we're capable of getting by the customer. We look at utilization and we make judgment calls. And then in some instances, we walk away from deals. And we'll transfer the assets. So it's all the above and how you manage it. But I would expect to see aerial rates improve as we go through 2011.
Michael Kneeland: No, it's all the above. We negotiate a lot of these rates on an annual basis. Some are set not to exceed pricing. There's a lot of things that we can do to manage those rates more efficiently. We've got systems in place to help us with that. But to your point, the spot customer who wants to come in for that shorter term, yes, depending upon the utilization of that asset and that type of customer, they could probably expect to pay more. So just in general on rates, this is an industry that really needs to focus on rates, needs to get a return on the capital it's employing out there. This is not just for me, it's the whole industry. So I think as we begin to see the turn of the trend of being in the construction, starting to pick up, most companies are seeing sequential improvements. I don't see them stopping. I see them continuing to focus on improving that picture. So it's all the above that will get us there.
Michael Kneeland: It really affects the Trench business and the Trench business has seen a nice uptick as it went through the year. And as I mentioned, we're going to continue to invest in that line of business. So the stimulus dollars don't peak out until '11. I would say that, that area of the business will continue to go forward as we have been. It ramps up, but it peaks out in '11. But there's a lot of projects that are underway.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Our average for the year, and you can expect our fleet to probably up an average of $100 million for OEC on average. With regards to age, our age is going to be relatively flat. I'll put the goalposts – it could go a month in either direction. We're very comfortable with that. And we'll continue to monitor it. We still sell the oldest assets, and we're very active in our fleet management program.
Michael Kneeland: No, this is something that's very important to the company. It was also pointed out in our engagement surveys where we've got one of the highest scores on safety. We continue to improve our safety in all areas that Bill mentioned, both in general liability, our recordable rate as well as our automotive. So it's something that we take very seriously. And in fact, we have a program where every employee has to go through on an annual basis, including myself. And we're very stringent around safety. It's very core to our business.
Michael Kneeland: We haven't crossed that path yet, but aging it out does not scare me. We're always prepared for a double dip, if need be. We're not afraid to make those choices, whether it be selling assets or going through and doing what we have to, make hard choices. We've done that. We'll do it again if need be. I just don't think that, that's in the cards, but you never know. That's beyond our control at this point. But as far as aging the fleet out, if we had to age it out even further, it would not bother me. Our R&M expense would go up, but it wouldn't go up dramatically.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, Operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And as always, you're welcome for follow-up calls, here in branch, getting hold of Fred Bratman or visiting one of our locations. And I just want to remind everyone that next week, we're holding an Investor Day on February 11, in New York City, starting at noon Eastern Time. We will be webcasting the event to a link on our website, so I hope you join us. With that, I think that concludes today, and we'll talk to you after the first quarter. Thank you.
