Matthew Flannery: David, good question. This is Matt. I would say we're no better at predicting fleet productivity than we were late [indiscernible] time, to be frank. But when we do have a lot more, right, three levers combined in the two, in the one versus the two and then mix. So we think that we've been very explicit that fleet absorption is going to be the greatest opportunity. The only reason why we're talking about that it will take some time is because it's not going to be a light switch. But we think the combination of our rigorous management of it, some easier comps, quite frankly, as we get through the back half of the year is going to make it accelerate. But I wouldn't necessarily take that at Q1 or Q2 as positive or negative. Just that we feel it will improve throughout the year. We do feel -- I mean, if this guidance holds up, these end markets hold up, everything that we firmly believe in, it implies fleet productivity being positive. It almost have to. So we do we do feel firm on that.
Matthew Flannery: Absolutely great. That's an absolutely accurate and great point, and that's why you see a broader range this year in CapEx guidance than we normally have because where we end up in that range. Obviously, demand will play a part in it. But this year, specifically, absorption will play a part and how well we do in absorbing the fleet. So that's why you see that broader range. So that's the right way to think about.
Matthew Flannery: So I'll -- Jess, I think, did a great job breaking down some of the issues in her prepared remarks, and I'd love Jess to comment in a minute, but I would -- the most obvious ones to slow growth, right? So it's just having to absorb both the natural inflation of the business when you're in a low single-digit environment, but also some of the choices we're making to continue to lean in to making sure we're building out capacity for some of our other initiatives. If we were managing for a quarter, maybe you wouldn't make those investments. We're certainly not or we don't think anybody want us to so it's just a little bit of headwind from those two, but slow growth is the main driver. Jess, I don't know if you want to add any more color.
Matthew Flannery: No problem, Seth. So first answer for the auctions. No, we think this year, with all this fleet that we're pulling out of the oil and gas and some of the excess capacity we had through the BlueLine acquisition. We had more than our usual by quite a bit of really tired old fleet, and it was just the appropriate decision. I probably did 4 or 5x more the options we have in any other year we have but we're not going to sell that type of fleet to our customers. It's just -- we're just not going to do that. I think the good news is that -- and Jess pointed to this in her prepared remarks, the end market for used equipment retail was really strong. And so we'll continue to push that lever. We think that's a unique strategy that separates us and our returns and our ability to get the high proceeds per CapEx dollar per OEC dollar. And we'll continue to focus on that. The only thing we'll send to auctions are stuff that we're just not going to sell to our customers.  On the oil and gas, we're not really seeing a knock-on effect broadly, like you may have in 15 because all that infrastructure was already built around it. What we are seeing, though, is that 31% drop in Q4, brought us to a 16% drop in upstream oil and gas full year. That was significant. And you saw a little bit of that drag on midstream as well. Those are the 2 areas that frankly surprised us at the -- how fast they decelerated. Within our embedded guidance, we're thinking of maybe another 10% drop in the year. So we're not counting on oil and gas to recover and we don't feel there's going to be any broad knock-on effect as a result.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So if you think about the cadence of $12 million in Q3, $8 million in Q4, I think that cadence will continue. We don't expect to see a big drag probably -- hopefully, one that we wouldn't even call out in Q1. Now to be fair, if it drops a lot more than 10%. I mean, it's only 3.7% of our business right now. So we think we're appropriately sized there. If you take 10% off of that, that's still not a big number. And then the repairs on that shouldn't need to be a call out. The only reason you hear me say caveat is because I didn't expect it in Q4. But we don't really expect to have a big number in 2020 for repair and repositioning in oil and gas.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Rob. I think it's a great point. It really depends on how fast some of our other businesses grow. Generally, we feel like this is a kind of EBITDA margin we can continue to drive longer-term and maybe even improve upon as we get some of these lower-margin businesses that we bought over the years to improve. I would say that the only thing that we're really focused on is as we build out these service businesses, there's not -- they're very asset light. So there's not a lot of -- it's not as high an EBITDA margin, but really good returns. I think it's too early for us to worry about that now, but I'm just -- as I'm projecting, to your point, a higher thinking longer-term question. EBITDA margin could dilute and returns could be higher, theoretically. This depends on how fast we grow some of these asset-light and service businesses, but we're going to be in this ballpark, we feel around this area for a while.
Matthew Flannery: So I think that all the sales challenges and repairs are pretty much done external facing. And that's what I meant when I say clean slate. So I think as we get through the seasonal build this year, get past some of the comps that Jess has been talking about for the first half of the year on oil and gas. I think we're in pretty good shape. As an organization, including the themes that came from blue one. When you're thinking about some of the legacy acquired shops. I'll point to -- I think we played a video a couple of years ago at Investor Day, where we had the branch manager from Boston. Did a real good job talking about year 1. They were just drinking from a fire hose and all the new tools. In year 2, they really started to comprehend how to utilize them. And then in that third year is where they ramp up. So if I take that -- I take the BlueLine maybe they're a little bigger company, maybe they're even faster than learners. But I think that when we really think about the full maturity of productivity out of those acquired stores. Sometime in the back half of this year, '21. I don't know when exactly. I think they're really catching on to the tools and being able to focus on utilizing them at scale, which is really the difference that we've done here in our legacy United stores. The scale is new to a lot of folks outside of our company.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So as I had answered -- I think it was David who asked the question first. We're going to -- where we end up in that range depends on how fast we absorb. And that absorption is really primarily in the gen rent business. So you're active -- we are going to fund our specialty growth. When I think about -- at the midpoint, that's probably in the range of between the cold-starts and the organic growth that we're driving through the specialty team will need to fund over and above the replacement CapEx. So we're not really guiding to that we will shrink generate. Unless all of the demand can be filled with the latent capacity. We're not betting on that. We're not even hoping for that, but it is a fair observation. So I don't think that, that 1 9 -- if we have to use some of that 1.9 because we're not absorbing as fast to buy some specialty assets, that is what we will do.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So oil and gas is certainly a big driver. But to your point, the back half of Q4, what we've called -- lovingly called the Turkey drop. For my 29 years, I never get used to how much we drop that Thanksgiving. A little bit steeper than we usually do. That was transient. We feel comfortable that repairs as we sit here and guide here as today. We obviously feel comfortable that, that will repair. And that was -- those were the 2 major contributors. What we're encouraged about is that you see that the OEMs backlog seems to be that the industry is responding to that little bit of a slower growth. So think about everybody's been building their fleets for this high single digit, double-digit growth. It's appropriate for people to take a pause and absorb. So that really shows me good discipline from the industry overall, and I think that's a big part of the confidence we have that we'll be able to repair the time utilization in 2020.
Matthew Flannery: I don't really know. I can't -- I don't want to say that because we don't know that answer what the industry is doing. What I can say and thanks for giving me the opportunity to reiterate. Our opportunity to drive time utilization is because we're going to drive it through 1 or 2 ways: More fleet on rent or better discipline on the inflow. It's not because we're, if any change in strategy that we're going to trade-off any kind of rate to get higher time utilization. That is not the goal at all. We think it's important to continue to have rigorous rate management to go forward as we absorb inflation. So I think this is just more about as the growth decelerates to lower single to mid-single digits. It's just appropriate that, that pace the industry paces. And I think that's what I was referring to the backlogs that you're seeing from the OEMs being down year-over-year is a good response.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So glad you viewed that. I heard that was very widely and broadly enjoyed from the investment community. And Paul and the team did a good job. I would say we've got that number right now, take, for $25 whether it's accelerates, we'll have a lot to do with -- actually, CapEx will be the last part of the decision we are we getting the facilities of people that we need to accelerate it to maybe a goal of above 30, as we did, frankly, in '19, we increased the amount from what we originally thought. So this is no change in the overall strategy. But just to be clear, the number that we're focused on right now is 25 cold-starts planned for '20, and that may lessen that CapEx need more to the $200 million range as the way we're thinking about it right now. That will be prioritized because, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is a differentiator for us. And solving more customers' problems, we think, is a real part of why people do business with United Rentals. So no change in strategy, just numerically might be a little bit less than what you may remember from the specialty day.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So unfortunately, and we joke about this internally a little bit. I can't cut up a 60-foot boom and create generators and light towers. I will tell you that when we look at the fourth quarter CapEx, which we manage very tightly we had a significant amount, almost 25% of that was just our HVAC assets. So between leaders, temporary power, stuff like that. So that probably would be in the range of -- with the math that said $50 million, $100 million less, if it was just -- if we weren't bringing in assets that where we had some time utilization opportunity. It was more -- the mix of assets that we're bringing from -- for different businesses and to support. As to your question earlier, our specialty growth and some seasonal items as well.
Matthew Flannery: No. I think you're directionally correct, how the mix comes in, right? We talk a lot about time the mix will be a component of it as well. But as long as we do think that we have that opportunity and we think our guys kind of embeds that. But as I've talked about, I think it was a question that we had earlier on. We -- regardless of where the number is. We do believe that we expect it will accelerate throughout the year because of the tough comps you mentioned.
Matthew Flannery: So first, on the oil and gas, probably flat from year-end. So that 10% would be the deceleration that's already continued. So think about that as a -- it's just the impact full year of that back half of the year declined, right? So not an additional. And then when we're thinking about other end markets. As you heard me say in the opening remarks, the industrial market is a lot of puts and takes, right? We talked a lot about upstream and then even midstream were down. Downstream was great. Downstream was a good guy. Chemical processing was down. Power was up. So there's a lot of puts and takes within it, which is why we're looking at industrial overall is flattish. And embedded in our guidance is that expectation. If something happens in industrial picks up, then that would help push us towards the higher end of the guidance. But we're really relying more on a continued strength, even if it's a little bit slower growth in our -- not in the construction verticals, right, non-res, specifically.
Matthew Flannery: Nothing that we can quantify. We certainly have heard some delays from the field team about turnarounds here in Q4. So that could have impacted that sluggish Q4 result. And whether they pick those up in Q1, we're trying to stretch it to Q4 next year, who knows, those are usually time periods when they would do turnarounds. That would be the only MRO thing that was a little bit lagging. We don't think it was structural or continual? Just some push offs that we had seen, specifically in the Gulf Coast.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So I think you could expect us to see pretty close to a normal cadence. In Q1 will be a little big [ph], but it's a small number, right? So when you're talking about whether it's $50 million or $75 million smaller on a $15 billion base, not meaningful, but technically, a little bit softer in Q1. And then the rest of the cadence and really the meat of our CapEx spend is in that Q2 and the first -- in the beginning of Q3 range, where we really are in the peak build season of our fleet on rent. And that will flex directly correlated to how we end up doing with time utilization, fleet absorption, whatever term you want to utilize. So that's how we're thinking about it. And hopefully, that answers what you were looking for. 
Matthew Flannery: Yes, on the margin, right? You could pick apart how much of its inflation, how much of it is just fleet age, but it's on the margin. The real opportunity and what you pointed to is that take advantage of a strong used market and a strong retail market to make sure we continue to manage that fleet age. Because when that market is not there, when [indiscernible] there becomes a downturn, we don't know how to predict that. But we're not predicting it certainly for 2020. We're going to need to [indiscernible] and then there may be some trade-off for R&M as you age it a year and you really turn off the inflow for a while. That's when you may see a little bit more of an impact on R&M, but the trade-off between that and having too much fleet and the positive free cash flow. Is the way we plan to think about it long term, which is why it's so important we drive new sales here. So we're not aging the fleet too quickly, while there's still growth to be had.
Matthew Flannery: So I wouldn't say it's any better or worsen over the past few years. And it's not just from our customers but obviously, from the macro indicators. As we say all the time, we talked about our customer confidence index being higher than it was in August. We think it's turned a little more positive than maybe what it was full year, for our customers and really, for most industries outside of navy and industrial. So we think that's a general indication of 2020. Admittedly, we are skewed by large customers and large projects. So as I was answering Tim's question, I realize the local customers depart where maybe our visibility isn't as low as opposed to larger customers, larger projects, we're just pipeline and the supply chain of what it takes to build these launch projects give you inherently more visibility.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, absolutely. And I think also the maturation of what's been a lot of cold-starts for the last few months as well as, as we continue to get the whole fluid solutions team continuing to get momentum from being 2 separate companies, right? Our pump business in Baker and how that continues. Much like I talked about the BlueLine integration, how that matures over time, is another opportunity to get margins up in the specialty business. So we absolutely feel good about that.  And the cross-sell opportunities is, as I said earlier, something that we view as a real differentiator. It's something we spend a lot of time with all of our leaders in Minneapolis and workshops on selling that continued value because we're big believers in it. We expect that to contribute to margin expansion for specialty as well.
Matthew Flannery: I think we were -- believe it or not, we were a little more cautious of how much we moved in this last up cycle from the 1 previously. If you remember, this used to be 10% of our business. We made -- I think we're almost 11%. We managed it down to about 5%. I think you'll see us come with that same caution again. And it's not that the business full cycle isn't profitable. It's just -- if we don't need to, it's just a little too variable. So it will depend on what's going on in the other markets if it's a place where we need to put latent demand, well then, that makes all sense in the world. But if you're talking about how you make your choices between each 1 of these cyclical challenges of upstream, and that volatility certainly informs how much bigger we're going in next time. But to be clear, also, it is still profitable business throughout the cycle. So it's not something we would eliminate altogether, but we would look to optimize existing capacity first and foremost. And even if we're pushing the limit a little bit there rather than growing new resources side.
Matthew Flannery: No, not really. When we're talking about investments, we're not just talking CapEx. We're talking about -- and that's why we really talk about. So maybe the word investment, it's not the -- not a balance sheet form of investment, but investing into the cost that -- with a fixed cost and the additional cost that we have to support more text for our service business or to build out the shops to do more work or trainers for safety training. Those are the service business we're talking about where we're investing more cost into. As far as the hard asset capital investments, yes, there will always be some incremental to cold-starts, you need to put new trucks in there. You need to do some of that stuff. But that's not anything extraordinary that we would call out.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. And just a reminder that our Q4 investor deck and 2020 guidance are available online. And as always, you can reach out to Ted with questions here in Stanford. So thanks, and we look forward to our next call. Operator, go ahead and end the call, please.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add is that there's really two other dynamics that are playing through. One is those comps in the first half for upstream, right? We really -- we saw in 2019 that the rig count in the upstream business really started to decline in the third quarter of '19, right? So we need to comp that through the first half. The other thing is we're going to continue to make the investments that I mentioned, right, continue to build out some of our services business that frankly, come in with lower margins. They're not as asset intensive, so the returns are really good in those lines. But in building those up off of a low base, right, there's going to be some investment that we're going to continue to make in building those businesses out. The other is continuing to invest in cold-starts that also need time to build up and build out and some of the digital capabilities that we're going to continue to grow and lean into in 2020.
Jessica Graziano: So let me take the first part first. The debt reduction that we have targeted for 2020, that $1 billion, we feel comfortable is going to continue to get us call it, into the middle of the lower half of our range. Looking out to 2021, it's a little too early for that right now. I mean, we've talked about prioritizing, leverage reduction and working towards 2x at the peak. We're going to obviously continue that path in 2021. The quantum of it, I just don't know yet, Courtney. So I don't want to go too far on that. I mean, as far as EBITDA going forward, again, that's 2021 is just a little too far out at this point.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. The percentage -- that's a great question. The percent of sales is definitely the way I would recommend you think about it. The number might move a little here or there, but it's really -- we're managing it more so from a percent of sales perspective.
Jessica Graziano: Yes, there's no target per se. We -- as we've recognized the benefit of the synergies from the deals that we've done, right? We're pretty comfortable with the percent that we're running with right now. The biggest mover in that because it is total SG&A is what happens with stock comp. And that's really going to be dictated on whatever happens with the stock price, right? But in terms of the components of SG&A that we're managing, it's the pace that we've got right now is -- we're very comfortable with.
Jessica Graziano: So I'll just add one thing there. When you look at the specialty margins, right now, they are burdened by acquisition activity, right? So to the extent that we continue to absorb and leverage the scale and the opportunity in those acquisitions, that's going to help margins over the long-term as well.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. So that $15 million is actually, you can break that down, there's about 10 of that 15 is just better bad debt expense experience, right, doing better on collections, the DSO coming down, just the actual bad debt activity that we had this quarter versus last year. $5 million of the $15 million is actually a change. We had a change in the accounting standard for revenue that moved $5 million out of G&A and actually moved it up contra revenue, right? So that's actually a burden in OER.
