William Plummer: We haven't talked, Henry, specifically about rate changes by categories. I think it's fair to say that the level of demand that we're seeing in some of the key categories would support higher rates. I'll stop there.
William Plummer: So as we talk about it internally, we generally talked about something like 70% flow through on the rental line. You'll note that the flow through on the improvement in the second quarter was better than that, and that reflects some of the cost actions that we've taken and the volume leverage that we're getting with improved OEC going on, on rent. But general, 70% kind of number, maybe 65% just to hedge a little bit, would be a general rule that you might use.
William Plummer: So 45 months today, and what we've said about this year is that we can see it going into the high 40s. So call it between 47 and 49, 48 if you insist on a point of estimate. What we said is that we don't feel uncomfortable at that level even though it's higher than the optimum range that we talked about historically. Historically, we've talked about a 35- to 45-month optimum range. But operating in the high 40s or even low 50s, even mid-50s would not impact our ability to generate revenue. We're very convinced of that. In fact, again, if you refer to Ralph's about the industry data, Ralph's would tell you that the average rental fleet is already north of 50 months in average age. So we feel comfortable with what we've got on the plate for this year. Next year, we haven't sat down and really nailed a view of where the fleet age is going to go next year. And so we'll certainly talk about it as we get further into our planning process for next year. What I will say is that as a rule of thumb, in order to maintain the size and the age of our fleet constant through a course of a year, we would have to spend about $575 million gross rental CapEx. And obviously, the net would be less than that as you assume some reasonable amount of new sales, so $575 million gross to keep age and size constant across the year. And that will inform how we think about our spend is going forward.
William Plummer: So last quarter, we gave the monthly year-over-year changes, so I'll just repeat that. For April, year-over-year, April was down 2.6%. May was down 1.8%. June was down 1.1%.
William Plummer: My comment was about the sequential trends in July, but I think it's fair to say that July is doing well. The problem with July on a year-over-year comparison is last year, July was a blowout month in terms of year-over-year positive. It was up last year, so the comp is covered [ph]. So tune in three months from now, you can ask me about the three months and the third quarter, and we can talk about July then, especially since it'll be done then instead of 2/3 from now.
William Plummer: I don't see anything that would keep us from having a normal sequential margin improvement in the third quarter.
William Plummer: Yes, I think it's fair to say -- well, first, the extra $60 million is across the entire year. But at least half, let's just say at least half of the incremental spend is against specific strategic customers or projects that we've identified.
William Plummer: We still feel very comfortable that we can achieve a 40% EBITDA margin. After this quarter, I guess I'd say, there's some uncertainty around some of the assumptions underneath that 40% cyclical number. We feel less uncertain about some of those assumptions. For example, remember, we said that number assumes a 67% utilization across the whole year. Well, we just delivered a great second quarter, and that gives us more confidence in our ability to hit a full year 67%. So we feel very comfortable with the 40%, and we feel more comfortable today than we did when we first put it out.
William Plummer: I think at one point, we were saying about 50% and as we sharpened the precision around some of the numbers, I think we settled around 55%.
William Plummer: Chris, just to put it, your question kind of framed in the context of the 67% utilization goal, if you will. And I think it's fair to say that in the context of that analysis we did for the peak EBITDA margin performance, we did remember -- assume that the fleet size will increase over that time horizon, whatever it is. But we assume that it would do so in context with rates going up as well. And so that was the exercise that we went through then. As we look at what we're doing today and in the near term, it's everything that Mike just said. We want to make sure that we're making decisions about the fleet size that support our ability to drive rate, to drive utilization, to drive return, and we're going to be looking at that everywhere.
William Plummer: Yes, I mean, we continue to look at opportunities. And so quarter-over-quarter, we had more headcount reductions, and we had a greater focus on making sure that we're optimizing around our delivery processes. We just continue to challenge ourselves everywhere possible. I think we'll continue to do that, and I think there's opportunity on the cost to rent areas to do more of that as we go forward. Obviously, I always caveat the volume component as to how it impacts our total cost dollars. But in terms of the impact on margin, better volume is going to flow through to better margin for us as long as we're sensible about managing the cost structure. So we're doing the normal things that we do. It had a very nice impact in the second quarter. We're looking for opportunities to keep driving it going forward.
William Plummer: I guess I have to say the words, it's certainly mostly an improvement in EBITDA. Some of that gets eaten up with the additional working capital, but there's an improvement in EBITDA, implicit in what we said.
William Plummer: I think about it very simply. If credits' tight and people can't find financing to buy their own equipment, then that means that they're going to be demanding our equipment and there's going to be less used on the market, and that should support residual values overall. So I hadn't thought about it. I'm like Mike, I haven't thought about it from a prospective of residual values, but I could very quickly convince myself that that's not something I'd be concerned about.
William Plummer: The intercompany loan, Canada to U.S., I think you should think about it separately, then the intercompany loan, URI to URNA. The intercompany loan from Canada to the U.S. is strictly a cash management move where we bring the money back into the U.S. temporarily to keep the average balance of our ABL down and certainly, that continues. We'll continue to manage that within the rules set out by the tax authorities. In terms of thinking, and we did not use any of that cash directly from the intercompany Canadian U.S. loan to repurchase the subnotes that we repurchased in the second quarter. On the subnote repurchases, that was done out of URI. It used part of the cash capacity at URI to execute those, and we had to because of the limitations on our restricted payments basket that arises out of various debt facilities. We used roughly $24 million, $25 million of that cash capacity. At the end of the quarter, if you look in the Q and the guarantor statements, you'll see that, that cash capacity stood at about $55 million at the end of the quarter, and so that's what we have available to make further repurchases. A very confusing topic, I hope I cleared it up for you.
William Plummer: I think that we always get that question. So the caution is around -- this is a company that as you know, was founded on acquisitions, and grew up in that era. It has to be strategic, whether it's large or small or medium. It has to be strategic with our long-term vision, and that is expanding our geographic -- our diversity around our customer mix. We just don't need to add more physical locations. We don't need to add it to every market. We're in 99 in the 100 markets with the exception of Hawaii. It has to be strategic. Are we open to it? Yes, we'll always look at it. But again, the discipline around is making sure it is our longer term strategy.
William Plummer: To your first question, there's not a cliff. It is not a point where it dramatically rises. What we think about is, as a rule of thumb, something like an incremental $2 million to $3 million a year for an extra month of age on the fleet. So a month maintained over a year will cost you another $2 million to $3 million of incremental R&M. That number does arise a little bit as you get older, but it's not like it goes to 10 to 12, as you go from 45 to 50 months, say.
Michael Kneeland: Obviously, we've always said that as the stimulus dollars came forward and that projects started to break ground, the first area that we would see the benefit would be our Trench business, and that seems to be holding through. As you know, there's 32,000 projects that are related to the American Recovery Act [American Recovery and Reinvestment Act] that value $195 billion. 72% of those have been funded. It's broken down to various buckets, transportation, utilities, water infrastructure. Actually, the Trench segment alone is tracking, in pipeline alone, around 1,100 projects. They've got about 821 non-building projects, and they also have 153 projects that are non-residential that they're tracking. So as we go through -- the 194 projects are worth about $3 billion in value, and we estimate that we would generate somewhere around $3 million of revenue on those projects alone. It's coming. It has taken a while to come online, and we expect that to continue to go up from here and peak in 2011. I hope that I answered your question.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I mean obviously, as you know, and this has been a very, very stressful downturn for the industry. Rates have come down and some of the regional players, as we all expected, felt the brunt of it. I would tell you that as we go forward, we're seeing the volume increase that we experienced in the second quarter. My sense is that our competitors will respond as well. I think there's an inherent need of our industry to get a better return on this capital, and we all need to focus more acutely on rates, and I think that will play out over time. Again, we went through a bad cycle. We started to get our fleets right sized across all of the players, sold off a lot in last year. Used prices were affected. Used prices seem to rebound and continue to hold, as Bill mentioned and all the reports that we're seeing from Ralph's [ph] and others plus ourselves. And then we're now seeing volume increases or time utilization improvements, which is the sequence that we said would play out is holding through. So my sense is it's still competitive out there, and there's pockets where we fight everyday. It's not easy, I understand that, and we all have to go out there and try to earn the best dollar we can.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. This is Mike, Scott. Our industrial progress continues to march forward. If we take a look at the percentage, it's around 19%, up two percentage points on a year-over-year basis for the quarter. We continue to add more contracts. As I mentioned in our National Accounts, 40% of our signed National Accounts are industrial related. It takes a while to ramp those up, very happy with that. Our rental revenue alone is up 3.5%. So we continue to march forward, and very happy with our progress. We're earning more business everyday. And as Bill mentioned on the capital, you can imagine more some of the capitals going for these longer-term profitable deals, and we're going to react to those.
Michael Kneeland: I mean, obviously, Seth, we can run aerial at a higher time utilization. Yes, it's up and it's expected, what you see in the seasonal aspect of the business. Also keep in mind that we have also had de-fleeting, and we're changing our mix. And if you see the investor presentation, it's down a couple of points. The capital that we're spending year-to-date, as Bill mentioned, year-to-date, we've only spent 21% of our CapEx towards aerial. The rest is going to our other product lines. Our time utilization, to answer your question specifically, I find it unusual to get it into the 80s. It's challenging, but it's not unusual. It'll peak out over the course of the third quarter. So I wouldn't be surprised to see that go up a little bit as we went through into the third quarter. Having said that, there are pockets. As Bill mentioned, bigger booms, higher demand, then some of the other products that are related towards commercial construction, small scissor lifts and bigger scissor lifts towards big box. So it's a balancing act.
Michael Kneeland: It's really hard to pinpoint that, David. The question of timing, the timing of when these projects start, how they start. Certainly, it's value-added, and we'll take it to offset any of the declines that we've seen in the primary end market but it's really hard to quantify it in that form.
Michael Kneeland: It's coming from both. We're taking some people have faltered, some people are looking at more streamlined and larger players versus the smaller players. We have capital to go after some of these projects with them, and the consistency levels of service that we're providing for them. And I will also say the success we're having with a single point of contact, so it's both.
Michael Kneeland: No, it's 55%, David. It's the same number we had before. It's 55%, and it was still holding through.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think it's a combination of both, one of which is accounts that we're signing, which will provide us with longer-term duration, we want to make sure that we have the fleet in order to achieve their expectations, that's one. But obviously, yes, we want to get rates up. I mean, the rates is first and foremost on my mind, and anyone of my senior managers, the first thing on their mind as well. Are they looking for more capital? Absolutely. Are we giving it to them? No. We're going to be very selective and have a lot of discipline around where we spend our capital and how we spend our capital. So everyday, we're fighting on rate, and we're going to continue to march towards that number.
Michael Kneeland: I haven't looked at it from that perspective, to be quite honest with you. What we look at is there is still a viable used market out there. I don't know where it's impacted. We've gone through tight credit market before, and I haven't seen it where it is impacted. The residual values, I think that if the contractor doesn't have the credit and you see an expansion in the secular side of the business, there's going to be an inherent demand for rental companies to probably add more fleet. Not everyone adds new fleet. A lot of the smaller localized will go to the used market. So I think it will still be a very robust market. Keep in mind that 60% of everything that manufactured still went into ownership. So we're just getting a bigger slice of that pie.
Michael Kneeland: The answer is yes. We go out and we buy used equipment on the open market, and we're not partial to [ph] whether its vendors or going to auction, picking things up. So yes, we've taken opportunities to go out there and buy assets. We continue to do that. Our fleet management team is always looking at what's available out there. So yes, we do take a look at it from an acquisition standpoint. Keep in mind, that usually when companies get distressed, the first thing that they fault around is their services. So we're very cautious to make sure if it's the right asset.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. First of all, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I also go back to wanting to thank all of the employees who are on the call listening to us today as well for their hard work and the production of numbers that we produced on the second quarter. Our investor presentation has been updated on our website and it reflects our latest numbers. So please visit and download. And as always, you're welcome giving us a call, get a hold Fred, so if any additional questions or comments you'd like to share with us. Thank you very much and have a great day.
