David Raso: Just wondering if you could help us with how you are thinking about fleet productivity the rest of the year and maybe a little more color on what drove the pro forma decline from five nine down to two for the second quarter.
David Raso: Okay. That is helpful. And on the rest of the year guide, I'm talking reported, the implied EBITDA margins are down a little bit from the second half of last year. But in the first half of this year, your EBITDA margins were 50 bps higher than a year ago. So just curious why the margins would be down year-over-year in the second half, but having been up in the first half of this year.
David Raso: And last quick one, sorry to pause the call here. Apologies. But you are implied free cash flow the rest of the year and your EBITDA. It would imply that the leverage, the financial leverage at the end of the year is at 1.6. So to get back to even the low end of your target of 2% to 3% for leverage would imply you have about $2.8 billion to put to work, just to get to the low end. Just curious how you are thinking about deploying that? And again, that already counts for $500 million repo for the rest of the year. a couple $100 million of dividends. So this is above and beyond that. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. David, it is Matt, how you doing? So as far as what drove the pro forma down, I mean, we are pleased with the pro forma being up 2.1%. We understand some of the concern out there and is that telling the street something. So I will be clear about a few things since we don't actually give you the whole numbers. We have said, we talked to you qualitatively about it. This is not a demand or a rate issue, the industry still remains in really good shape. I think you are seeing that through the others that report the actual numbers, rate environment is strong and frankly, the discipline in the industry, strong and demand is supporting that. So, first off. This is really a time issue for us. We made the decision to front load fleet this year to tampon down the very, very aggressive time utilizations. We have been running frankly for a couple years. And we didn't really think it was responsive to our customer's needs. And we were doing a little bit of too much hand to mouth, putting big relationships at risk. We weren't comfortable with that. So we front loaded our fleet, you remember, back and forth quarter last year. And that is on top of bringing in the Ahern fleet. We are very pleased of how it is working out. And just to put it in context, although I'm not going to revert to giving back whole numbers. Our actual time utilization in Q2 was higher than pre-COVID averages and higher than the last time we gave you guys time utilization in 2019. So this is still strong time utilization just compared to the very frothy, almost inflated time use that we ran last year because we couldn't get the fleet timely enough. It is dragging a comp issue and that is all this is.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I think you will see these dynamics play through in Q3 similar to what they did in Q2. We will, we will continue to have seasonal builds, but there were seasonal builds in the comps as well. So we think these dynamics will play through and we are very comfortable. We continue to see a strong rate environment. We will continue to bring in fleet to support this demand in Q3and so we think the dynamics to be similar.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. To be clear, we don't want to get into forecasting ahead that far. But I will tell you when we said this in May at the Investor Day, we do view 2024 as a growth year. And if you do the math on the capital guide we gave and where we started the year, we are going to start the year with more fleet to support growth. We do think the end markets will come out of an exit rate this year at strong end market demand. We still believe that. And then from there, we will build up our - through our planning process towards the end of this year. We will build up what we think we need from more growth CapEx. We do expect that we will continue this will be a more normalized replacement CapEx. You are seeing that in this quarter as well, and we expect to do that next year as well. We want to place somewhere around 10% to 12% of our fleet per year, and I think this new number puts us right in the center of that target.
Matthew Flannery: Correct, it does. And this is one of the things we have been working on internally and we will work on it further as the year progresses. For 2023, kind of our allocation of capital is committed as you know. As it relates to next year, we will have decisions to make. And certainly, we will have an update for where we end up come January, I would expect. But we are left with a couple options, and we have talked about these publicly. On one hand, there is the potential that we could lower the range, which is something we talked about when we introduced the new capital allocation strategy in 2019, or you could keep it where it is. That is one of those things we are working on, trying to figure out what is the best way to allocate capital to drive shareholder value. So there is not much more specific I can add right now, but certainly, you know, that is how we are thinking about it.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Rob, it is Matt. So to your point, you know, it takes time to get everything done. We always start with the people, first and foremost, make sure we secure everybody, get them comfortable with their jobs and we train them on the systems, make sure everybody's working off the same operating system. All that has been done. So that is the front end and always is in any deal we do. From there, we start working through the fleet and then any kind of branch changes, whether it is consolidations, whether we are repurposing any facilities. And we will continue to work through fleet and facilities through the balance of this year. So, you know, we have got the game plan, it is just a matter of execution and we are working through that. Then as far as margins in the maturation, I will let Ted talk to it, but I wouldn't expect us to be fully mature, certainly by year one. We have done some work in this in the past with other deals. But Ted you may want to add some color.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, sure. Thanks. So first off, let's get clear. Supply chain is not fully remedied, which is why we front load CapEx so much in the first half of this year, right. So at 60% of our full-year spend, we are at the top end of the range. We had talked about in that 55 to 60. And if we could have pulled in some more upfront in specific categories, we probably would have. We had said in the beginning of the year, we didn't really think there was an opportunity to pull CapEx forward, that this is a decision that probably we would make in Q4. If we were going to raise CapEx, that would really have to say more about what next year's slots look like, and if we can get back to more normalized cadence when the supply chain hopefully remedies in its entirety. So this change in net CapEx is just strictly about us having the opportunity to sell more fleet through the retail channel. And we are talking 90-month old fleet at $0.07 on the dollars, just smart business. It is time for that stuff to rotate out, and we wanted to normalize that. So if we could have pulled some more forward to maybe make that net CapEx number more whole, we may have done it in the right categories. We just didn't really have that option, because the supply chains getting better, but not a 100% there yet. Hopefully that answers your question.
Matthew Flannery: No, I think we are at a comfortable level. Listen, we want to continue to improve utilization over the long-term trend. It was just - we haven't had a normal year in three years, right. So when you think about the COVID year, which was just goofy overall, and then the two years of just not being able to get fleet at the proper cadence, we will revert back to continuing to try to drive better metrics from 19 on as we had always done. So I'm not saying we are capped out, I'm just saying right now with, especially with continuing to work through the Ahern fleet, we are on a pretty healthy time utilization and we are being able to be responsive to these major opportunities we have with big customers on big projects. So that is how I categorize that, Steve.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I think so let's talk about the large companies, which we all get a little more information from. I think we are in a similar boat. I think you will hear from most of them that this is still a good demand environment, still a good solid rate environment. And I think that points to the industry discipline. And I think not everybody's reported yet, but I think everybody's had the same challenge of that time you was just running a little too hot. And I think you are seeing people remedy that. And I think a lot of us that had the ability to, so specifically the big guys that had some scale to leverage front load their capital to try to bring it in ahead of the demand curve. So you didn't get stuck in that same box we were in for the last year or two. So, I think the dynamics of the industry are really solid, and I think you are going to hear - we already have heard a couple report similar trends to what we are talking about. So we think the industry is in good shape, think supply demand is in good shape, historically, strong time utilizations and that it is a solid rate environment so good all the way around.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Well, to be specific. If you remember that 2015 was that oil and gas dislocation, right. Which really drove kind of a double dip, we will, call of rate problem because it was the highest value of rate just about every company's portfolio that was serving it. Rates were really high there and it went away quickly across the board. But your point is still fair. That was what happened when there was too much fleet in the system. The time you then dropped to levels that made people have to make different decisions. The time now in the industry is very healthy. So even though it is dropped from inflated time utilization, the reason why you are seeing different behavior is part industry discipline, but also everybody is running at healthy time utilizations. People are able to make good returns, good margins at these utilization levels and price of goods is higher so people understand the necessity for rate. So I think it is a totally different dynamic, and that is important to note because some people may be reading through the drop in time utilizations that are reported is a demand problem. That is not the case whatsoever. So thanks for help to make that point.
Matthew Flannery: Maybe normalized cadence. I wouldn’t say lower, but we are not even sure of that yet, right. We have got to get these slots from the OEMs. They have to be able to make the commitments. I know they are working hard. I know you talk to these folks as well. They are hopeful. That slide channel remedy, but I wouldn't go all the way there yet. But, hopefully, hopefully, that is what happens, and we can get a little more of a normalized cadence and not have to hold stuff through the winter because we are afraid we can't get it in the spring. But either way, we are going to do what we need to do for our customers, right, not manage the metric more than the business and the output through the P&L.
Matthew Flannery: No, no, I think you covered it. I mean, you folks all know we are very inquisitive and opportunistic, but we are going to make sure it meets that high bar that we have.
Matthew Flannery: No, not more significant than what we deal with in our own fleet, right. So we are always going to manage inflation that is why we track fleet productivity. But I think you would have to imagine that our buying power was a little bit better. So some of those OECs and that is why you have part of the difference between as reported and pro forma. Some of those OECs are a little pumped up, a little higher than ours. They didn't buy as well as us. So there is a little bit of a trade off there as a replace. So it won't be incrementally - the replacement won't be incrementally as high as it would be maybe on one of our old assets, our own assets that was, you know, nine years old or eight years old. So nothing that we would call out, nothing that we can't manage through in the normal course of business.
Matthew Flannery: No, as a matter of fact our project pipeline remains robust. We are not seeing cancellations. We talked about delays on some solar projects that was more supply chain related, and we actually think those are coming back on quicker so than they were, which is good news. But when we look at mega projects overall, right, and you can decide how you define a mega project, it whether it is 400 million, 500 million, 600 million worth of value, these are all up significantly. And we are talking depending on which cut you use somewhere between 70% and over a 100%. So doubling the size of these amount of projects and that is what the pipeline looks like right now. So we actually feel really good about the pipeline. We haven't seen any deterioration because of any kind of financing or interest issues. Ted might want to add something.
Matthew Flannery: Not anything that we are seeing now. We don't do a lot of Harry homeowner type weekend warrior type work. So I don't know what that segment is doing. And we definitely skew more towards the contractor, and large contractor, but we are not seeing any delineation in our local market business versus our big job business. We are actually in pretty good shape. We talked about that when we were talking about the non res numbers earlier. So we are - that is one of the areas where you would think it would show up, and it is not - we are actually not seeing any delineation and we are not seeing it in the customer confidence index results as well.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. No, and I know Ted has done some work on this data. I mean, we all know what the vacancy rates are and we know those are issues, but I don't know that that was ever a real big part of our business. it is vertical versus horizontals usually a bigger rental need as opposed to vertical, but Ted may have some information to share.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So we don't talk about our negotiations on open mic. Just we are one of the good partners with our vendors. But the comment of some of the surcharges and the costs associated with creating those surcharges is certainly a fair comment when we are discussing with our partners. So I don't think that characterization is wrong. We just don't really talk about our negotiations with our partners publicly. But the capitalization is fair enough.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean, the first enabled us to do the second, right. If we can bring in the fleet, we wouldn't even be able camp it down. So they are very much going hand-in-hand. But just by definition of how much capital we have left for the year for growth, we are going to bring in a good amount of our CapEx in Q3 here as you would expect for the balance of the - what is left of the balance of the year. And I think, like I said earlier, when people trying to see if we could forecast the productivity number. We will sequentially grow, but we think they are going to see similar year over year dynamics to what saw in Q2. So we feel good about it, we feel good about demand, and we will continue to have CapEx rolling here in Q3.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, and it is a fair question, but it will depend on what we see as a demand as we go through our planning process. But we are certainly not as negative on the growth as maybe your, the tone you are sharing, but you know what time will tell and, and we are going to adjust and manage the business appropriately for whatever environment we have. All that being said, we do expect, and I think you are seeing this with most of the big players for us to outpace overall industry growth, we think the big is getting bigger is a dynamic that'll continue to play. And I would say the type of work that we have talked a lot about to everyone lends itself to the larger players. So I wouldn't even - even if there is a slower growth in the overall industry, we think we will have the ability to outpace that. But I do get your point and we will manage through it.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks operator. And no additional remarks that wraps it up for today. So I want to thank everyone for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you all again in late October and in the meantime, please feel free to reach out to Elizabeth at any time if you have any questions. Thanks again. Operator, please go ahead and end the call.
William Grace: David, this is Ted. The one thing I might add is, Matt made the comment about second quarter time you have altered history. Just to be clear, for the full-year, we would expect the same to be true. Relative to history, 2023 will be a strong time.
William Grace: Yes. So I would say a couple of things there, David. One, we always caution people against anchoring with the midpoint. But Ahern, it is really kind of the factor that people need to be thinking about, as they think about first half and second half dynamics year-on-year. We have been clear to talk about pro forma flow through in the mid-50s. We have been delivering that and we would expect that to be true in the back half of this year, which will be driving margin expansion on a pro forma basis, which as Matt said is the way we think about our business.
William Grace: Yes, Rob, it is a good question and it kind of gets to some of the margin dynamics in the quarter that this is a good chance to kind of get those out there. So if you were to look at the equipment rental gross margin, on an as reported basis, it would look like it was down 140 basis points year on year. That is a slight improvement from the down 170 in the first quarter. So you can see some of those benefits playing through there. But importantly on a pro forma basis, our gross margin actually expanded 20 basis points. So you can see that impact of Ahern and just putting the year ago period into the numbers. So we have got margin expansion there and if you adjust for the increase in depreciation related to the assets, the valuation of the acquired assets, gross margins were actually up 80 basis points in the equipment rental gross margin line that includes the drag that we are talking about from this ongoing investment in fleet, which we have talked about last quarter continuing this quarter. I think it is reasonable to assume it will continue in the second half as we get that fleet up to our standards and other investments we are making that do get expensed and things like facilities. So to us things are playing out very well, even in spite of these additional costs that are hitting us from P&L perspective. And you can see that in these numbers I just shared.
William Grace: Yes. So we do our best not to guide to kind of gross margins, but certainly directionally we would expect it to continue heading in the right direction. There is going to be a gap there structurally, because that was a less profitable business then what we would have on a legacy basis, right. So - and we have talked about that. I think on an LTM basis there, EBITDA margins were 35%, whereas ours were 48%. And so that'll obviously be a dynamic in these as reported numbers, but certainly that cap should narrow. And then as we get to next year, I think it would definitely be reasonable to assume that we would be looking for margin expansion across the business.
William Grace: So here, again, this is an example of things we don't typically guide towards. So I want to be careful there. It is all embedded within the EBITDA and EBITDA margin and flow through guidance we have given. So certainly we would expect to continue driving. Very good efficiency there. But in terms of kind of trying to give people more precise handholding, it is just not something we have done. So, I don’t know if that helps, Seth, but we feel really good about it and certainly we would expect to continue to be very efficient.
William Grace: Yes, quickly, Jamie, I just wanted to be - sure I understood the questions. It sounded like there were three, and Matt answered the first, I heard the second half margins. I didn't know if that was a general question or specific to specialty. And the third, it sounded like the outlet for specialty M&A.
William Grace: Yes, Tim. I guess things I add, you said regional banks, but I think it is more specific to the local smaller banks, but frankly we are not seeing it either level. I mean, as best we can tell, capital availability remains abundant for our customers. Cost of capital remains reasonable. And so if we look at our customer confidence, really going back to the middle March when all this started, it is really unaffected. And if we look at our performance by customer segment, right. So you look at national account, strategic assigned, local, et cetera, but you are not seeing any real difference in how those are performing. So certainly, on a - through the second quarter there is no discernible impact and in terms of what the potential may be going forward or customers aren't really talking about it and we are not sensing it is an issue, but it is something we are obviously watching closely as you would expect.
William Grace: Ken, I will take that one. So it is not one of those things that is easy to track as you know. I would say intuitively, yes, we do expect a lot of the civil projects that are funded by the infrastructure bill and prospectively the Inflation Reduction Act to start gaining momentum in terms of exactly what that cadence looks like. It would be great if there were a schedule. We have not found one, but certainly that the outlook for infrastructure is positive, right. You have got north of $1.5 trillion of spend over the next 10 years, let's say, and spend that we are very well positioned for, given Matt had made this comment in his prepared remarks. But the strategy we have developed over the last 10-years is unique and puts us in a great position to be the most value added partner to the contractors that are executing those projects.
William Grace: Yes, certainly if we look at what we call non-res, it continues to grow quite nicely. We don't get as granular as the questions you are asking. So if you were to look at the construction put in place data, Scott, certainly you would look - looking at office and commercial whether it is year to date or I think June, which is the most recent data, they both continued to, so show growth. Now I think you were asking more on a forward-looking basis. And when we think about that, and we have, in total, those two verticals are about 20% of total non-res construction put in place. And I would say the office part is one, people worry about given return to office and work from home and those things. Commercial is a huge segment, so it is not strip malls wherever people live. It is much broader. But I think those are the two areas that we have talked about being reasonably at risk. Now then you talk about the areas where we are optimistic, where we see strong pipelines and where you continue to see strong growth. And the ones you would highlight would be manufacturing as we have talked about public road and highway power communication, transportation and healthcare all of which are performing well in total, those are 55% of total non-res. And our contention would be the growth in those markets is really going to offset any headwinds we would reasonably anticipate in the office commercial combination. So that is logically what drives our optimism looking out across the back half of this year and going forward.
William Grace: Yes. So for the first part of your question, nobody's fallen behind. As I said, prepared remarks, specialty had 17% organic growth and all the business segments were in double-digits, which is great. Now, certainly, the GFN, which you pointed to, growing a little bit faster than the rest, but we would expect that. And as far as that goal to double the size of the business in five years, I think we shared this earlier in the year that we are ahead of schedule. Whether we are a year ahead of schedule or two years ahead of schedule, the time will tell. But we are we are very pleased with where they are and we are continuing to open cold start to continuing to grow that sector as well. But we are growing all of our specialty segments. We are really pleased with the work the team is doing there.
William Grace: And that is the thing about doing it year end is we will know what that carryover growth and capacity is, which allows us then to factor that into whatever our CapEx spend will be. Alright, this gets back to continuing to be very good stewards of our shareholders' capital.
