Bill Plummer: Sure. So I’ll start, but certainly Michael, please, please chime in. As we think about top line, you know a couple of things that swirl in the background in our thinking. Obviously walk through our oil and gas risk assessment, but you know the question is, did we get it right? Could it be worse than that? Conversely, could it be better than that? So those are the things that surround oil and gas performance, but that may buy us the revenue one way or another. And I’ll leave you to make your own judgment about you know how much risk you think there is.  FX is another factor that we certainly need to be aware of. Yeah, the Canadian dollar has been weakening pretty consistently. Average Canadian was down last year by about you know 6 to 7%. And right now as we said, if it flat lined from where it fits right now at about $0.81, that would be another 6% or so year-over-year headwind from the currency going down. So that's a nontrivial amount of revenue that could -- that could erode. The guidance we gave is total revenue. So you’ve to be mindful of used and new as well.  And our plan for used equipment sales this year is a reduction over what we achieved in 2014. You know just looking at the difference between gross CapEx and net rental CapEx, you know we're guiding to something like $500 million of used sales proceeds. That compares to 549 this year or in 14. So that will be a little bit of you know an impact to the revenues and maybe keeps the revenue guidance from being higher than it is. And then you know there are other items that might impact at the adjusted EBITDA lines. So for example, we had a very robust incentive compensation this year.  And when we [reach] the incentive comp targets for 2015, our [base line] plan assumes that we hit target and only pay out at target. We paid out you know nicely above target this year. So you know that will impact in a positive way, where we might end up on the adjusted EBITDA line. And a host of other issues, you mentioned Lean. The Lean initiatives are still rolling out and building momentum. You know we finished the quarter, still a little bit of [indiscernible] under here. We finished the year at an annualized run rate of about $30 million of Lean impact. That's up from the 23 that we reported at the end of the third quarter.  So that's another you know factor that's playing through our expectations for 2015. So I’ll start there and again, Mike I don’t know if you guys want to say anything or if I've have forgotten anything, please jump in. 
Bill Plummer: Well one other point Ted is that you know, I know where you are going, right. You are looking at the midpoints of revenue and EBITDA, and saying hey flow through there and comes out at you know pretty high level, 68 plus percent. That's you know an artifact of the fact that we're using ranges and the fact that the flow through calculation is very sensitive. If we were asked point blank, we would still say that we think about flow through for 2015 being something like 60% with [indiscernible] toward the upside because of the net effect of all of the things that I mentioned earlier.  So if you're modeling I would say, you know get your revenue where you want it, at 60% and then maybe put your thumb up to be a little bit higher you know to reflect some of the net benefits that we expect to accrue over the course of the year. 
Bill Plummer: So, I will tackle the rate one first. The 3.5, about 3.5 guidance that we gave is lower than where we were thinking about rates you know, call it a month ago or two months ago. And so in that sense you know we have included some conservatism to you know to a flat effect, that rate could be pressured as that oil and gas dynamic plays out. And yet we still say 3.5, could it be worse than that, obviously it could. But again, we think we have got opportunities to respond and manage it down. I don't remember off the top of my head, the first question of what percent of the fleet. 
Bill Plummer: Yeah, it's hard to do the analysis based on branches in states and get anything useful in our opinion. That's why we went to the individual locations and tried to reason from what business they have that’s exposed right here and now. So we didn’t do it, to you know to go to great levels of detail on you know how much fleet that at, you know how many branches or in which states. We have that, I don't know that it's something we want to go through in great detail. But just the $400 million impact, I think really it does capture a pretty good view of what the exposure might be.  But if you don't believe it, okay make it a $500 million impact. Let's say we are off by 25% or even a $600 million impact and say we're off by 50%. You know, the end result doesn't change dramatically, right. It’s a still a 35-40-45-$50 million kind of risk, even with conservative assumptions about how far down it goes and how much we can mitigate. I like our chances with that kind of risk scenario.
Bill Plummer: So yeah, I’ll start. You know the ability to monitor is pretty good, right. We're everywhere and we touch I won’t say every customer, but a lot of the market. And so we’ve got real time intelligence on what our competitors are doing. And we feel we’ve the ability to respond if we think responding is appropriate. And that's one of the advantages of being who we are. In terms of you know what competitor might be most at risk. I won’t name names here, I’ll leave you to make your own judgment about that. All we can say is that United Rentals is going to be very conscious about any [CapEx] decision, whether it’s to increase or decrease. And it’s going to be driven by what we’ve taken in from the market. 
Bill Plummer: Yeah just, I was going to just say, also on our slide, you know our customer confidence index, you know reaching. We only, only of the 170 key accounts that we reached out to, only 1% saw a slower growth in 2015. We spent an awful lot of time in preparation for this call, reaching out to our customers, reaching out to our employees. You know I know more about oil in the last two weeks than my 35 years in the industry. And you know I would tell you that, you know we haven’t seen any significant impact, talking to our customers, steel erectors.  Steel erectors and you take a look at our book of business and bidding. Not one of the projects I saw had any relationship to oil at all. And it was, they would say it’s a record opportunity and year for them coming up on their bidding requirements. So you know that along with Jerry, the feedback that we're getting from ARA and the Global Insight, which by the way you know has been inside this industry for close to 7 years, maybe longer working with our industry, refining the nuances of their model on you know how this industry reacts to things. When they come out with 8%, you know we take that at the heart. And that's not soft, that's not easy, and we think that that's a good indication of where our industry is going. 
Bill Plummer: I wouldn’t say we're at the high water mark. We still feel we’ve got opportunities to continue to drive utilization. We’ve talked in the past, you know of all three of us, probably reading that we can get into the 70s if the market holds and if we do the things that we think we can do. You know the 69% would be up 20 basis points, so I guess you could call that flat if you like.  But that is tempered somewhat like the rate discussion, it’s tempered somewhat by our concern about oil and gas and about, while we think we could mitigate, we don’t know that we will be able to mitigate 100% of any oil and gas quite often. And so we backed off a little than where we were a month or two ago when I talk about 2015. But we still think that’s a very robust performance on utilization and Matt’s comments earlier, you know utilization is something that we certainly have a lot to leverage that we can use, right. If it’s falling down, you can’t sell more or you can buy less and as for as the business you do have over [indiscernible] fleet. So you know we think that we can pull all the appropriate levers and deliver that about 59%. And we think that's, you know that's on the way towards better utilization over the next several years. 
Matt Flannery: Well, I think you captured it Bill. It’s important to note the difference in used sales is really about what has reached the [indiscernible] in the year. And we don’t have as much fleet that we have [indiscernible], so that's our, why we're guiding lower there. If retail opportunities go over and above that, you know or well we may swing, but I think it’s a good target based on what we want to move out to keep our fleet fresh and to the targets we set, yeah. 
Matt Flannery: Well you could do the trends, the math, Ted. You could do the trends. I mean we would expect it to follow that trend, right. So we’ve said external targets, I mean internal targets above that 14. We put even extra emphasis on it this year, but I feel very comfortable that we're, we will keep at steady pace towards that $100 million by the end of 16. 
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. I will answer both questions. The first as far as the cadence, if we plan out to being similar to this year, you know that we have a really strong flexibility as far as we don't need to make a decision if we're going to ship until literally a week before it's going to ship. So the second quarter, by April I think we will get a very good feel of it, the second quarter is going to be more or less and it will all be demand driven. The first quarter is light already which is good for us and right now we are restricting the inflow of CapEx obviously in the markets that we think may have a little bit softening in demand in the back half of the year.  So I really think we will get a better picture on how much we adjust from our norm. And I would call last year’s cadence a new norm, depending on what the demand is and where we're getting our returns and where our customers need our services. So that's how we feel about the cadence. As far as the specialty, we spent, we plan on spending over 30% of our growth capital on specialty. You're talking about more of a gross number when you are referring to last year’s number. And a lot of that was, I would say re-fleeting our Pump, right so we need that acquisition to grow.  And fleeting up the many cold starts that we have done in our other specialty segments, these specifically power even the year before. So they were now ready to absorb scale. So we really pushed a lot into the cold starts over the last couple of years and we will do some more cold starts this year, but not at the scale that we did over the past few years. 
Matt Flannery: Well other than that [indiscernible], so we enjoyed a real robust fourth-quarter from a volume, a little bit more than we even expected in the month of December and with margins holding flat. So and flat at a very high level, so we are seeing still a robust used equipment market. 
Matt Flannery: It will depend right on what the demand is and what we are seeing. But I would say that we are going to have utilization at the levels that it needs to be at because we can do, we can manage that. We can manage how much fleet we put into the market and how much fleet we remove out of the market. So I think we will be very diligent on those rates in time, but time is much more easily manageable. And I think as Bill stated, we built in a little conservatism on the rate because moving the fleet from higher rate areas and you grow fleet into areas that aren’t your top 10% is going to have some knock-on, whether it's a quarter point or half a point, I don't think we really know yet. But I think we captured it in our guidance. 
Matt Flannery: So this is Matt, Joe. So we do have some key account managers that specifically just call on oil and gas. So obviously they are hearing the most noise about whether it’s future concerns or some job cancellations. But even in that space, the pipeline was so robust that individually they may have opportunities. I think more importantly the other 90% of our key accounts managers are extremely encouraged. Because we’ve always sent the fleet to the highest return opportunity and oil and gas was pretty hot for a while. You could argue we may have underserved a lot of other opportunities that will give us very good returns and a little bit more geographically diverse.  So I think that, what we are hearing on the ground is encouragement and opportunity in markets like the West Coast, even the Northwest, the Southeast, the mid-Atlantic where you could see the map that we have on the investor deck and I think it was slide 14, where you see there’s some real opportunities. So that's what we're hearing, that's why we feel very strong about our guidance, our customers have the demand and our boots on the ground are seeing it. 
Matt Flannery: So I think Mike covered a little bit of it in his opening remarks. When I say it’s broad, it’s broad. I mean there is multiple stadiums, multiple car plant expansions, manufacturing. I say the single largest vertical would probably be chemical. Chemical plants have shown robust growth. Even in the state of Texas, right, we talk a lot about the contagion impact in Texas. We have a very large portion of our business in Texas that's chemical related. And that's forecast to be 26% growth in Texas.  So we think that there is many verticals that are positive and places that we are going to serve in 2015. And it is that broad base, just why I am not, I mean chemical stands out. It's just how much growth there is, which is why I'm not holding in on the other vertical because it's very broad. 
Matt Flannery: So I don't have place in front of me right now, but you could think about it as the pipeline through the seasons of the year. And certainly there is less dark right now, although our time [indiscernible] remain very strong. I would say by mid-summer you're going to see at least half of that pipeline materialize in rental opportunity. So and then it's just a matter of how quick things move from it and that's standard with the construction cycle that we have been experiencing throughout my career. 
Matt Flannery: Certainly, so we’ve heard of some CapEx cutbacks and I would say probably more severe in the oil sands than anywhere else. And there have been a couple of projects in the Gulf that have cancelled. But I would say overall, that pipeline is still robust and you are accurate. The large amount of onsite relationships that we acquired during the merger with RSC really, really gives us a strong base to work from. We're not seeing any slowdown of that maintenance at all. As a matter of fact, our industrial region is showing the highest time utilization we’ve in the company right now, and the highest year-over-year growth.  So and they are primarily on-sites and what I would call a downstream oil and gas and chemical plants. And we're just seeing a real strong growth there and I don’t think the maintenance is going to take a hit here. I think it’s mostly capital spend, which if we really wanted to be rosy, you could say there’s an opportunity there for us to get more penetration as capital continues to get cut from some of the end markets. 
Matt Flannery: The ground up projects, and so there were a couple of plants. I mean the pipeline that we went through in our fourth quarter QBRs with our regions, we saw more projects start with a billion than I’ve seen in the last couple of years combined. And candidly, if half of those projects cut, I think it will be more robust pipeline than we had over the past few years as far as large projects. And we’ve seen you know maybe 10% of those get cut off the table right now. Because of the concerns that everybody has, so they will hold up on some of these new construction, new capital projects. But and I still feel that the pipeline as Mike stated and we all stated is very robust and the Global Insight survey just kind of supports what we're hearing from our customers and from our boots on the ground. 
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I would agree Mike. You know we’ll just stay in the same currency right, because that's how I would manage those businesses and judge them. We’ll see growth in both of those, in both Western and Eastern Canada regions next year. And like all of our regions, we do zero growth CapEx budget, so we're going to have to earn their growth as they stack ranked against their peers. And they fared pretty well in the past and I expect them to fare pretty well in the future, specifically Western Canada. 
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, I would only add that you know everything that Bill and Matt said is spot on. I think that if you look at the projections of the industry at 8% for North America, is a little bit higher than what we experienced or what they projected in ‘014. So could there be some you know on rate, could it be opportunities. It could be, I don’t know to really, we somewhat tempered it you know as we went into the oil, but that could be an upside for us going forward. 
Michael Kneeland: No, you get one question. I think what we’ve done with M&A is that we're always looking at M&A opportunities. And I'm flipping, but I don't think it changes how we think about M&A. If we found the right M&A opportunity, then we would go ahead and do that, whether we were at you know 600 or 700 or 775 of free cash flow. So M&A wouldn't change. I think it is fair to say that, you know as we look at the share repurchase program, if you got more cash flow and you want to pass the leverage and you know we’ve already said, we expect to be towards the low end of the leverage range that you know that we want to operate in by the end of this year.  Right, we’ve called 2.6 as the leverage ratio we expect before the increase in free cash flow. So I think we would be more inclined to say okay let's not go crazy and go below the 2.5 kind of leverage ratio this year now that we’ve got more cash flow coming in. So that may change how we think about the timing of the share repurchase program. And I think that's a sensible way to think about it. So that's all still to be discussed and certainly we will talk about more, when we make more decisions. But I think M&A doesn't change, but everything else we kind of put in the mix and say okay, we got an extra $100 million. What do you want to do with it and we will make that call. 
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. You are closed down that number. The Matt’s point, if you go back to ‘013, we had a significant amount of our cold starts stop, that were in the later part of the fourth quarter. That a lot of that CapEx ran into 2014 and then the cold starts that we had through the course of the year, and then treating all of those as we went through the year. So in total numbers, it's down. You are right, but it hasn't changed our view on specialty. We do reserve the right on you know Pump to understand what impact upstream could or could not have as we go through our cost opportunities.  And as I mentioned, we will do cold starts with Pump to broaden their reach. And that was one of the key aspects of the acquisition, was making sure that, if you recall 6% of their business was only in our commercial and industrial space. So we see that as a significant opportunity, so it's kind of more of a tempered look if we take a look at it. And as I also mentioned, if there is a need for more growth capital, we’ve got it and we will do it. And flexibility is built into our model. 
Michael Kneeland: Well if you just do the math, right. So we said the 35% knock-on, I mean a 35% upstream would net in about 400 million. So it's over a billion, I would say it’s somewhere in the billion and 1.2 billion, I don't have the number right handy in front of me. But I think that, well actually, it’s probably 1.2 billion of fleet that we think will be impacted and those are markets that have oil and gas upstream business today. 
Michael Kneeland: And I guess I will [indiscernible] in that then, as we feel that utilization is coming under some pressure, while you want to hold the rate, it might play with it a bit. But the key is, you also have the outlet [indiscernible]. I mean I guess that's the idea. If used prices hold up, you can manage utilization also by just simply shedding some fleet. And I think that's a key issue of used prices. If they hold up, you can do that relatively profitably, but that's you know obviously a part of the debate. So we should think of let’s just trying to move the fleet, you also can tap you know the retail market the best you can on selling used. 
Michael Kneeland: I’ll start and I’ll ask Matt to tie in. But you know as part of the overview with ARA, they are looking at a little over a 3% growth for all of Canada. That combines with the 8.5% they are projecting for the US and it would give them just around 8%, 8.1% of growth for North America. I actually think that Eastern Canada, which you know by the way has been down over the last several years, we’ll see some activity there, and you know come forward. The only headwind we would have as Bill mentioned is the currency exchange from our revenue, but in constant dollars we would expect that to grow. So we see that the Canadian market grow and then probably less growth on Western Canada than we have experienced in the past. 
Michael Kneeland: I think because we have, when you think about the 1.7 billion of new capital that we spend, you know that's 20% of [8.4] base, if we start with this year’s base. We historically have been able to re-shift geographically by utilizing equipment sales and either not replacing in that market or not putting growth capital in that market. So we’ve been able to geographically remix through that. If we had to put trucks under fleet we do that, and there are some intricacies of doing it from Western Canada.  But if it was really dropping, that's not something that we would do. The cost are minimal compared to the opportunity you would have by reallocating. But right now, they are running high time utilization and we're just going to manage the influx into any of these oil and gas markets first. And I think that will prevent them from having to move fleet, but we can react very quickly, whether it’s Canada or somewhere else to move the fleet. 
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, I would say so. We're experiencing very similar metrics that we did till last year when you look at the rate in time utilization, maybe up [ahead] in time for a couple of weeks. But it’s early, I think it will fall right in line with our usual cadence. 
Michael Kneeland: Well thanks, operator. I hope we’ve gone some distance in bringing clarity to what we see as favorable operating environment in 2015.
