William B. Plummer: Yes, it's certainly the range that we've talked about historically. I think the one thing I would point to, that it's hard to forecast whether we'll have or not, is the self-insurance reserve adjustment. As I said, it was a $6 million headwind in the current quarter. We don't -- we update our estimates for the self-insurance reserves twice a year. We do that in March and October, I believe. It's hard to say what that might do in the latter part of this year, but our view right now is that I wouldn't -- if I were modeling, I wouldn't model an incremental impact from self-insurance reserves. OEC-not-available, 5S go away, as I said. And those are the key things that we've experienced so far that I would say would go away. The possibility is that -- again, that we might have a self-insurance adjustment late in the year. But it's hard to say what that might look like on a year-over-year basis right here.
William B. Plummer: Ted, I'll start, and Mike and Matt, please chime in. Look, we all know the leverage that rate has in our business. So if we got a little bit more pricing, I think that would have the most outsized impact overall. So that would almost always have to go to the top of the list of what might drive us to that higher end of the range. But volume is a very significant lever for us right here and now. It's going well. And so if the market momentum that we see today continues or even increases a little bit, that could be a significant driver to push us toward the top end of the range. And then the synergies could be a pleasant surprise as well. The synergies have developed according to plan so far. They're going nicely. If we saw a little bit more strength in some of the synergy areas that are still developing, right -- many of the synergies are baked. They're done, right? The actions have been taken. The branches have been closed. The headcount has been reduced. But we're now at the synergies that require a process change and development of tools. If some of those pan out better than we expected, we could see a lift from synergies as well. And then if, for some reason, we decided to spend a little bit more on capital, that could be a driver as well. I guess, you'd count that as volume, but I'm counting that as volume that we trigger versus volume that's driven by the marketplace. So those are the, I'd call it, 4 things that I would look at that, say, could push us toward the high end of that range. [indiscernible]
William B. Plummer: Yes. So again, I'll start and ask for input, Mike and Matt. As we think about the back half of the year, the math is pretty clear, right? You got 5.4% year-over-year in the first quarter on rate. You got 4.2% in the second quarter. And so in order to get to the 5.5% -- or excuse me, 4.5%, maybe that's Freudian, 4.5% for the full year, the back half has got to be somewhere around 4% growth. And the quarters will break out differently based on the comps last year, right? Third quarter last year, we had a very strong rate improvement, and so that will be a difficult comparison in Q3 for this year. So somewhere between 4% and 4.2% is where the back half has got to be, and the third quarter is probably biased a little lower and the fourth quarter a little higher than that. So that's the way that we're thinking about rate to finish out this year, and it leads into the 2014 comment. In 2014, we'll follow years in which -- if we do what we say this year, we'll follow years in which we had rate at 4.5%, what was it was, 6.9% last year, folks? Somebody remind me. And it was 5-and-change percent the year before that. Those are very strong consecutive years when you look back at the history of not only this company, but this industry. And so it's hard sitting here right now to say we're going to stack another 4% or 5% rate on top of that, but that's the kind of thing that we ask ourselves as we think about 2014. Should we expect another 4% or 5% in 2014? That's a tough thing to decide right here and now. But it's in the neighborhood of where rate should be next year. So let's say it's, I'll pick a number, in that area of 4% to 5%. So let's say it's in that area. What can we do to generate profitability, margin, return and cash flow in that scenario? We would look at that question and ask, importantly, what's the fleet investment assumption that we want to put underneath that? What we've said so far is that we want to think about fleet investments over the next several years that are in the neighborhood of what we're doing this year and what we did last year. If we do that, then the cash flow generation is very robust over the next few years. But that limits us to something in the high-single digits of fleet growth over the next few years. So the thing that we're struggling with -- not struggling -- discussing right here and now is, is that the scenario that you want to play out over the next several years. That's our mindset right here and now. And if we do it the way we've been talking about, we'll get a lot of free cash flow over the next few years.
William B. Plummer: I think that's fair, and, Mike, please offer your view. But I don't think we feel like we've got to deliver double digit or near 20% revenue growth. I don't think that's where any of us have our heads set right here and now. We're focused on profitable growth. We're focused on doing it in the context of managing our leverage, and that means free cash flow. We can grow and we can improve margins, and we can improve return and deliver significant free cash flow over the next few years all at the same time. That's where we are as a company in this current cycle, and we feel pretty confident about that. The details of whether it's 5% growth a year or 7% or 8%, I think, would inform the exact amount of free cash flow that we generate. But that's the neighborhood that were talking about rather than saying, "Oh, we've got to be up at 15% or 20%."
William B. Plummer: I don't want to get on my soapbox here. But I mean, we're in a phase now where we're delivering, if we do what we say, $400 million to $500 million of free cash flow, while growing our fleet, while improving our time utilization, while improving margins, while improving returns. There are a lot of things lined up right here and now, and we think we can extend that run over the next several years. And to give up all of that in pursuit of just absolute top line growth is not where our heads are.
William B. Plummer: I don't know that I'd point to national specifically, but what I would say is that the mix impact -- so excluding inflation, the remainder, we're calling mix, will likely continue to be a negative. I won't characterize the size of it, but I think that dynamic of continuing to mix more toward the larger players who do rent longer typically, so you've got that period mix dynamic going on, a little bit of Cat class mix that's influenced by the growth of the larger Strategic Accounts, and then just all the other puts and takes that flow through that number. I would expect that to continue to be a headwind over the next several quarters.
Matthew J. Flannery: Seth, it's Matt. We actually are seeing the competition to be pretty responsible. We're comfortable that the whole industry realizes that this is important for us all. You may have some one-offs in an individual market. But I'd say all the public companies specifically are doing a great job of rate discipline, and we're seeing the benefit of the demand as well. And we know what the headwind we have to meet our full year rate number. But historically, we've achieved what we need to achieve to get to our guidance, and we have a laser-focus on it.
Matthew J. Flannery: As Mike had mentioned, the really only big change over our current product mix is much more focus on the specialty products. And that's in line with the direction that we want to go strategically. We think not only are they profitable, but it's a differentiator between us and the marketplace and a value for our customers.
Matthew J. Flannery: I wouldn't say that there's a big difference. One of the opportunities that we are finding and we have found since the merger of RSC is the increased need and demand for us to cross-sell, and we've got great results from that. So I'd say that's one of the more significant changes for our key accounts, is the legacy RSC customers are now getting access to Trench, Power & HVAC product, and we're cross-selling our tools across the network as well. So those would be the most significant key account differences.
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, Jerry, Mike is absolutely right. I mean, on average, we have stores that have 30% more fleet year-over-year, and some of them significantly more than that. So we've got a new scale coming through these locations, and it's a great time for us, after the year anniversary, to start looking at our new business model and how can we get waste out of the model and improve efficiency. At the end of the day, that's the output that we're looking for, and we've got a lot of folks focused on that. And we think that we'll see that throughout the next few years. And part of that is the gap that we're going to fill between the $230 million to the $250 million range that we want to get in synergies. It's going to come out of the shop, as Bill stated earlier. It's a little more, I won't say, complex but it's more process-oriented, and it's going to take time to achieve. And that's where our focus is.
Matthew J. Flannery: So the demand environment is very strong. As we discussed, time utilization is a point higher than it was last year. We reached the 70% threshold at least 30 days earlier than we did last year. And the sequential rate improvement, we're very aware of the sequential rate that we need throughout the balance of the year to reach our target, and it has been achieved. And if you look, the third quarter, over the last few years, is our largest sequential improvement. And we know it's going to take more focus than it has because of the slower start, and we're putting that appropriate focus. But it is achievable or we wouldn't have reaffirmed that guidance. So we know exactly what that's going to take to do it, and the team is focused on it.
Matthew J. Flannery: Generally, yes. Phil, this is Matt. I mean, there may be gaps based on upcoming projects, and specifically in Canada, where we may have a gen-rent cold start or 2 planned. But that's why our focus is on our specialty business. Because even if they share real estate, we always look at that opportunity. We do want to build out the footprint of our specialty product. It's a huge growth goal of ours and a strategic focus. So as far as the 836 and the gen-rent footprint, it is fairly robust, and we don't have really any gaps to fill.
Matthew J. Flannery: It will depend to the timing of getting the real estate and getting the employees, but it is a number that we feel we can achieve in the balance of the year.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, let me just kind of tell you, since I talked about the idea of the capital side, keep in mind, our principles have not changed. It's about profitable growth, higher returns and it's also about generating cash flow to reduce our leverage. Those principles have not changed, to be clear. We have to balance rate and time. As Matt said, we're looking at the rate. Both of those have to be played out. The one thing that I will tell everybody, if you go back to our earlier messaging, we originally were only going to have 9 locations, cold starts in our specialty business. We're now doubling that. That does take up some capital. But as I mention, at 40% margin, it's very attractive and accretive. So we think it's the right thing to do. That's probably in the order of $30 million to $40 million. Everything is under review. Nothing has been decided. We want to continue to see the nice progression we've seen on time utilization and that demand, and specifically on rates. So Matt can talk specifics on what kind of assets.
Michael J. Kneeland: Look, Ted, I completely agree with Bill. I think rate would be #1 and the synergy and cost would be #2. Those probably, to me, would be the 2 biggest buckets.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, one of the things I would say, you're right. To be clear, I mean, was it a little bit slower than I would have hoped for? Absolutely. But the team is always up for the challenge and they've always been able to meet or exceed my expectations. That being said, it's supported by strong time utilization, so we'll see that continue to play out. On top of that, we do have our systems in place that we use. We use Zilliant, as you're very much familiar with, as a way in which we go to market. And it's not only the top line rate, it's also taking off the bottom part of the underperforming rates that can drive that outcome. So I would just tell you that we're laser-focused on it. I feel very confident in the team, and time utilization is a benefactor for us. So to the extent that we continue to see the time utilization, that 70.5% right here and now, a month early, if that continues, I feel we'll deliver.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, I'll start out, and then I'll ask Bill to walk you through it. But it's fair to say that when we think about profitable growth, it's not all about rate and it's not all about the customers that we serve. It's also in the way in which we go to market and driving efficiencies, that efficiencies have not only played out in the field as a cost to ramp, but it's also in the SG&A. How can we have a more effective sales force? How can we do things more effectively? How can we streamline the processes that we have in place? All those things will play. We've made -- we started out several years ago talking about driving cost down, and we've shifted towards talking more about efficiencies. That hasn't changed, and we still remain focused on finding ways to do that. And I'm a disciple of growing the top line, but at the same time, expanding -- reducing costs to grow the bottom line in a combination. So Bill will give you a walk-through in some reoccurring and some data points.
Michael J. Kneeland: What I would add, David, is, keep in mind, we closed 200 locations. So we knew going in that we would have a dis-synergy. That dis-synergy comes much quicker. And then we build our way out of it. As I mentioned, we're looking at the dormant accounts, and we're growing that. And so Bill is right. It's a different strategy, and we're very happy with what we -- how we look at the world and the principles that we've laid out for profitable growth, higher returns and cash flow.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, I agree with everything that Bill just said. David, the one thing, if we -- this 4.5%, just leading into 2014, you can assume a carryover of somewhere around 2% going into next year. And then you take a look at what some of the industry analysts are saying about the end markets, it actually is -- it grows, so that it should, again, support more rate and higher returns. And Bill is exactly right. We're not -- we've never said that -- or pounded the table on double-digit growth. We're pounding the table on profitable growth and higher returns and cash flow and delevering.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, this is Mike. We've said this time and time again. It has to be, as we call it, the three-legged stool. It has to be strategic. It's not like we have to run out and buy somebody for the sake of getting big. Big is not the endgame here. It has to be accretive, and there has to be a cultural fit with our company. And I think the success that we have with RSC speaks volumes of how we approached it. Do we look at things that are out there? Absolutely. But again, our principles are out there. As these things come available or come across our desk, we'll look at them as we should. But again, it has to fit those 3 buckets, and it has to fit with our long-term strategy.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, you know me, I don't like to hide under the covers around weather. But of the 3 regions that we basically talked about that were down on a year-over-year basis, clearly, one of them was impacted by weather; the other one, which is Northeast Canada, and Northeast Canada, we knew it was going to be down on a year-over-year basis. And they did -- also are going through a union issue in the province of Québec. That has had some impact, so we expect that. The other regions -- I think the other regions that we -- the Gulf South that we talked about, it was the third one. That was more of a timing issue related to its projects, and they're back online. And the rest of them came up very nicely on a year-over-year basis. When you look at the 2 performing ones, obviously, you can take the Southeast, which I think was really impacted by the downturn severely, has come back strong, both from residential and on the construction side. And then the Western Canadian region still performs very well due to the oil and gas sector that's out there. And as long as the oil stays up, it will do and perform exceptionally well.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today. If you go on to our website, you can see our investor site, where you can download our latest presentation. We're also settling into our new offices here in Stamford, Connecticut. We have relocated from Greenwich. So you can reach us on the same phone lines and reach out to Fred for any additional comments or questions and if you would like to see any of our facilities and if you want to discuss anything else in more detail. So thank you very much. Look forward to our third quarter call. Thank you.
David Raso: The last 4 quarters, your sales growth has been notably slower than some of the major competitors. Just keep it open ended as a question, I'd like to hear your explanation why and maybe how is that influencing your decision on CapEx for what you just experienced in 2Q and how you're thinking about the rest of the year.
David Raso: I think we're all just trying to figure out the run rate for rental rates and the delicate balance you always have between growth of fleet versus rate, and how do we think about rate versus fleet growth into '14. Because if I look at the rental rate growth for the full year, the 4.5%, obviously, the OEC-on-Rent, especially with the way the July utilization started strongly, that appears from your fleet utilization/average OEC, that's probably upside to the targets. But the rate of 4.5%, it would seem like a bit of a challenge. So can you educate us a little bit, maybe more detail on how are thinking about rate in the third and fourth quarter? And I'd probably weave that into how should I think about that interplay going into next year? Because a lot of the long-only's are thinking about the stock is, if they can grow nicely and generate a lot of cash, it's not just enjoying the cycle, you're enjoying an improving company, better return on capital, the whole story. But to grow the top line more by fleet, I might have to forego some of that cash flow. So I'm just trying to think of that balance. So if we can go back, how are you thinking about rates the next couple of quarters to get to the 4.5%? Or is it probably more of a -- maybe you missed the rate target a bit, but you have the upside to the fleet utilization? And then dovetail that into 2014 thoughts.
David Raso: And that's kind of why I asked the question the way I did. I mean, if you feel you need to look at your peers, and I know they're growing the fleet more, but still you're truly not growing nearly as fast. If you feel we can't have that much of a -- at least optically, it looks like you're losing share. We have to go after the fleet expansion. That might be able to close the gap on the revenue growth, but you clearly begin to give away the cash flow target that you set of $2 billion in aggregate, 13', 14' and 15'. It sounds like you're still feeling the balance should be -- look, we're not trying to chase the double-digit top line growth. We're trying to get the returns, and the cash flow is still a pretty high priority.
