Jessica Graziano: Hey, David, it's Jess. Yes. So, from our perspective right now as we think about the free cash flow and that's obviously after the CapEx, we're going to continue to focus on strengthening the balance sheet and continuing to pay down the debt. As the year moves on, our focus is going to be first and foremost from a capital allocation perspective on growth and being able to fund the growth that we see first and foremost organically and then in smart M&A that may happen for us. And so, for us it's not about having, let's say, an arbitrary target of getting to two times by year-end, but more being able to continue to focus on growing our business and strengthening our balance sheet to better position us for that growth.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Tim, it's Jess. Yes, there's actually no change for us. As we think about the process that we use to complete deals and do M&A it really is a sort of a well-honed set of considerations that we have across strategic, cultural and financial hurdles. Those hurdles haven't changed outside of I would say the financial hurdle getting a little bit higher, less so as a result of the lack of more and more so as a result of continuing to fill capacity with every additional deal that we do. But as we look at it, we're looking at the merits of the deal itself and looking at it across those three categories our spending that capital towards a deal that we know ultimately will be a better owner of.
Jessica Graziano: Yes, I think the one thing I'd add is really the beauty of what is the resiliency of our cash flow. And as we think about looking forward near-term and even longer-term, the opportunity to continue to support the growth that we believe we're going to see. And then as we think about the free cash flow that we all have choices, frankly, with. The opportunity that will have to continue to manage our leverage optimally and then look at additional opportunities to return excess cash to our shareholders. As you mentioned, Jerry, right now we're comfortable continuing to pay down debt with that free cash flow. But it's a topical conversation with our board and something that we review with them officially several times a year. And so that's always, as we're talking about growth as a priority, we're also talking about the actions that we take in capital allocation that are also going to be value generative for the after the shareholders.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, good morning, Steven. So we haven't gone as far as to calculate exactly what that benefit looks like. You really have to get into a situation where you've got normal levels of activity to be able to really understand the financials behind what that benefit could look like. Just thinking about the learnings as they developed in 2020 and our continuing to take those learnings forward into the way that we're managing the business. For us, it's less about the finite calculation or what the impact is, as much as it is continuing to optimize the way that we're managing the ebbs and flows of activity through each of the branches. So, as we're thinking about that going forward, it's a benefit that in our business has impacted the gen rent and the specialty segments. So it's continuing to be a focus for both. But I don't have a number I can share with you now that quantifies either by segment or for the businesses as a whole, that benefit in 2021 and even going forward, what we would expect. But safe to say that we're focused on making sure that those learnings are something we're continuing to lean into all of this year.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Nicole. Sure. I'll actually use the midpoint even though I usually - my standard is not to anchor to the midpoint, I'll use that for - I'll use the midpoint right now for just to walk through. If I think about flow through at the midpoint for guidance, it is 31.5%. We be one of the biggest costs that will reset in the business in 2021 are our bonuses. And that is going to be about a $50 million headwind at target. And that translates into about 50 basis points of margin. So absent that bonus reset margins, at the midpoint year-over-year would actually be flat. And then from a flow through perspective, if I adjust for that same $50 million it's a flow through ex-bonus of about 50%. So that's the largest one factor, I would point out. The other factor I'd point out is the resetting of some of the other costs. So we mentioned T&E, I would also say some of the variable costs that will flex with the increase in the activity and just getting the business back to a normal flow of operating costs. That's also built into the guidance and the flow through that you see. We haven't quantified or really identified beyond some of the obvious ones, right? Like T&E some of our professional fees. We haven't quantified what that looks like. We built into our range expectations of some of those costs coming back at slightly higher pace than the overall revenue growth in the year.
Matt Flannery: Yes, David, this is Matt. Your point that on, I mean right now, we're just coming out with guidance and we understand visibility isn't as clear as it would be in a normal year. And we're not all the way through the tunnel yet, but we absolutely feel when we get to the back half, we're going to see growth once we lap the comps for Q1, as we discussed in our release. And exiting '21, I think that's when you will really start to see what the economic end markets look like and where the growth opportunities are. But we're certainly positioned for it and we're not afraid to lean in. As far as M&A specifically since Jess touched on it, we always work the pipeline, quite frankly we work the pipeline through COVID. Well past six to nine months it hasn't necessarily been a focus for Jess and I. We've had bigger fish to fry, but we're always looking for ways to better serve our customers. And we're going to focus on organic because that's what we can control. But if we have an opportunity for smart M&A we're always looking at that. And once we get through our bar, we certainly know how to integrate and we have the dry powder to do so. It's just not an immediate focus.
Matt Flannery: So I'm going to start with the end of your question first. We actually see the market imbalance almost all the way there already, which is really exciting. When I think about how the industry has responded to this downturn specifically compared to the '09 downturn, which was quite a different scenario. Whereas data tells us that we're almost in balance already from a days in fleet days on rent, we're not quite there yet, but a heck of a lot closer than I would have thought. So I think we're already in pretty good shape. And now it's just about the opportunities that we can lean into. And we do see growth headroom over the next few years. This year may be a little less than what we'll see in the future years. But I also say that this headline growth, it just uses the midpoint. 3.5% is a little bit misleading, because it's having to absorb what is a tough comp in Q1. And when you model that out, you see the quarters two through four are actually significantly higher than the 3.5% average you see. So we're already leaning into growth, and we feel excited about it for '21 and beyond.
Matt Flannery: So I think we all see the macro data points, they're prevalent. We're all looking at the same stuff and they're choppy. You see some are more positive than others. So whether you're looking at Dodge momentum index, or whether you're looking at ABC backlog contractor backlog. So we're all looking at the same data set, there's a couple of things I point to. First of all within non-res, there are certainly winners and losers. And the ability we have to and we're planning for this to outpace the end market growth is by using those fungible assets, and moving them from the weaker markets to the stronger markets. So that's always been a mantra. I'd say the rental industry overall, usually has the opportunity and the ability to outpace the end market growth. And you'd see that historically. I would also say that in the industrial side although there's still some negatives, and I pointed to oil and gas, they're also pretty, pretty deep floor right now and we see there could be some opportunity in specifically downstream and chemical processing. So we feel good overall about the backdrop stabilizing, and we think with the scale and size that we have, that we'll be able to outpace the end market growth.
Matt Flannery: Yes, so we're down about 5% in fleet as we end the year, and that will and when you used the word stabilize, that negative will decrease throughout the year. Our cadence, think about our cadence as being a normal capital spend cadence, maybe a little lighter in Q1, as you can see from our fleet productivity, we still have some extra capacity to absorb, but when we get into the peak seasons, starting Q2 and Q3, that's where we typically spend 75% to 80% of our CapEx in a year. It's also important to note that we plan on selling $1.7 billion worth of fleet in '21, because of the robustness of the end market, and that's a great way to not only take care of our customers that want to buy fleet, but refresh our fleet. So when you inflation adjust that, that's $1.95 billion of replacement capital. So depending on where we end up in the range, you have anywhere from $50 million to $350 million of growth capital, and we'll meter it in as we earn it, as we absorb it, and we see the opportunity.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Great point on the cases and the positivity rise. It didn't really impact the business. There were one province had some issues, and maybe two markets had some delays related, but very, very small in the big scheme of things. So the cadence was pretty steady as you saw throughout the quarter.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I won't get a proportion of each vertical in each end market, because that gets a little bit too competitive for me to do on an open mic. But I will tell you that get outside of the old space, which is obviously a little more weighted towards petrochem, which we call that as a challenging area. The winners and losers are spread out geographically, right? So all end markets have the opportunity geographically, but it's just thinking about things that are struggling, like, as you could imagine, anything travel related, anything entertainment related, lodging. I'm certainly not expecting us to be on any hotel projects as we get through '21. And then even retail, right, so we're a little worried about retail. But on the flip side of that, when we get back to the winners, distribution, warehousing logistics are hot right now, because that's how consumers buying products. So that's just an example of where we can move our fleet out of what might be retail growth and into warehouse and distribution growth. And this is the flexibility of the model with a very fungible asset. So geographically broad and I think we could all talk to the markets that are winning and losing, healthcare, technology, pharma. Probably when people may not realize this power has been strong, not just conventional power plants, but even solar and wind. So there's plenty of work out there we feel to fortify this guidance.
Matt Flannery: Well, that's a difficult question to answer, because I don't believe there won't be new project starts in order to our customers guiding us that there won't be new project starts. And so our guidance implies - first of all, yes, we feel that's a trend of stability. And to your point, finishing up resuming some old projects, there's a portion of that that'll carry us through the first half of the year. But then we're also seeing green shoots in some of the end markets that I talked about. So it's not like we haven't had a new project. We've even had new projects throughout the back half of '20. So it really just depends on what end market vertical you're serving. So we absolutely feel comfortable that there will be enough new work to support the business.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. So I'll start with the first part of your question. I'm glad you said maybe you're wrong, because we think you are. We still do have opportunity in kind of utilization.
Matt Flannery: So we're not going to break down the individual components, but absorption was a great opportunity for us and remains an opportunity for us. And that's the main driver. It was the driver in our sequential improvement, Q3 to Q4, and it's what's going to turn us positive by second quarter next year. We'll still have negative fleet productivity here in Q1. We've already told you guys about the tough comp so think about that in a high single digit range, tough comp in Q1 and what that portends, then once we get past the comp for Q2 your model add against our midpoint to 3.5 and you see some significant growth and that will play through fleet productivity similarly. So we think that all portends to great opportunity and absorption remains our opportunity. Once we do that, we'll start to meter in the growth CapEx, as I said earlier. As far as mix, mix is an output to what the customers end up renting from us. To your point, we could have more broad usage in petrochem if that comes back and maybe we have this year and that could help. But the interplay of mix and rate is more of an output of what products you rent than really a designed outcome, which is why we don't forecast.
Matt Flannery: No, we are actually referring to - we talked a lot about the comps, so just to be direct for everyone. When we think about even with the good trajectory of the business and you think about a normal seasonal build our revenue this year, it's going to output in a high single digit year-over-year, negative revenue for Q1. And that's really because we want people - we don't want to give quarterly guidance, but we want people to understand the 3.5% headline growth the midpoint is a little bit of a misnomer. And then that will play through fleet productivity. For example, we have one less billing day in Q1 because the leap year, that'll have an impact on fleet productivity, oddly enough. But there is a little mix in that that are tough comps, once we get through them, we feel really good about the growth prospects for '21.
Matt Flannery: You packed a lot in there, but I think I got it, Jerry. I'm assuming you're asking about the rate of our growth and which fleet productivity and output, right, so that'll be part of the growth story. So I'll touch it in a couple pieces. As I said earlier, Q1 was a tough comps, and that'll play through in a fleet productivity and overall revenue number, that will still be negative, right. We don't expect to go backwards from where we were in Q4, but you're not going to get that continued progression linearly or linear progression in Q1. Once we left that, frankly, we're going to have an easy comp in Q2. So fleet productivity is going to turn positive, revenue is going to turn positive. So you call those two netting out to a normal seasonal pattern, then the growth opportunities in the balance of the year after we get to Q2 is higher than that 3.5. I don't want to, that's why we're given that little lean of a guide in the headwinds in Q1. So people don't look at that, 3%, 3.5% at the midpoint. And I think it's underwhelming. Fleet productivity is going to be a big driver of that. And as I answered to Tim's question earlier, we feel absorption is one of the big opportunities there. Hopefully, I covered all the points you're getting.
Matt Flannery: So we will guide everyone, I think, I don't think we did it yesterday. But we're going to plug the same 1.5%, as our inflation for fleet repurchases. Just to be clear, that's not a pricing inflation. It's the replacement inflation of the asset. So when you hear us talk about the $1.7 billion we sell is going to cost $1.95 million to replace. It's not the pricing increase 15% this year, it's the aggregate of selling seven-year-old fleet, what we bought it four years ago. So, that's the only point of inflation that we've actually guided to. Your point about just overall natural inflation, that comes in through all the business. And how do we outpace it, it's got to be in fleet productivity. That's why we set that bar of that hurdle rate to make sure that we continue to drive fleet productivity, efficiency in our operations to overcome a natural inflation business. Depending on the end market, it could show up rate, it could show up inefficiency, you're really - we're going to go after it and manage it through all functions of the operations to make sure that we can offset our inflationary costs. I don't know, if you had a bigger point.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So midstream would be the smallest of when you go through upstream, downstream midstream, right. We're down under 2% midstream. We're disappointed, because it's not good for the sector. But overall, oil and gas even when you count the downstream is only 8% of our business and midstream being the smallest part of that 8%. We think downstream will still be in good shape. This could have some knock-on effects on upstream, we're not banking on a bunch of LNG projects coming up this year. So it's already embedded in our guidance. We're not happy for this sector, but it's not a meaningful issue for us overall as a company.
Matt Flannery: We haven't really broken it down like that. Steve, I think the important thing to remember is we're just leaning in - continue to lean into especially we continue to have whitespace there. And this is important, because the more products and services we offer to our customers, the more value we add to them. So the One Stop Shop, especially for our larger customers is something that's really important to us. And that's why we're going to keep filling the gaps wherever you have them, whether that's by geography, or whether that's by product penetration. And that's really what these 30 cold-starts are about. As far as year one year two revenues, we haven't disclosed that type of information.
Matt Flannery: As I said the earlier point, it's really an output, it depends on what we rent. And that's why we bundled these together in fleet productivity. We're anticipating the needle mover to be more of absorption. That being said, I also told you that we feel really good about what the industry has done and how they've responded to this sharp decline that we had this year in purchases. So supply side is good and responsible management of fleet productivity and all the components. So how it shapes out, we don't really try to predict. You can just rest assured that we manage just because we don't disclose, we manage the individual components of rate and time very much so on a daily basis, all the way down through the branch level.
Matt Flannery: That's a little bit too competitive for me to share Steve. I can just say that we continue to feel that the overall business once again, we're less than 50% market share. But the specialty business specifically, not as broadly penetrated as our gen rent business, certainly has headroom to grow. But we believe the whole business has headroom to grow. So we're not going to give an individual component to that. But thanks for your question.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So first off on the retail, admittedly, it surpassed our expectations, but on new sales and it was driven by retail. And the reason that that's very important is because I've been doing this 30 years. I will promise you there's no contractor that's going to buy a piece of equipment to sit it in his yard. So it underlies what we're seeing in our customer confidence index, what we're hearing from our teams that our customers are going to have work. So that's first and foremost. I think what we've done that's unique is we've built that retail sales engine for the rest of customers versus relying on trades or auctions. And that's really benefited us as we are pleasantly surprised as well. As far as the viability of it, if it just grew this year, the back half of this year was 35% over a very robust '19. I don't see how it would continue on as activity picks up, as demand overall picks up. So we feel good about the resiliency there. And it's a great way to refresh the fleet. The repositioning, I mean well, it's what we did. We manage the business that's part of the advantage of having very broad end markets that we serve in a very broad geography. So, we don't have to move because our network is so dense, we don't have to move equipment across the country. So the repositioning, it happens on a daily basis and it's really just moving it to where the customer needs. And it's not something that we're calling out any exceptional cost or anything like that for.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. And thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. You'll find our updated investor deck online, so please take a look at that. And as always, Ted is available for your questions. And we look forward to sharing the progress on our call in April. So with that, operator, please go ahead and end the call.
