William Plummer: Yes, I think it’s an important point that you’ve made right at the end there, it is a small revenue change and so the exact percent that you calculate, you can’t go too far with. But that said, you do have to remember that we do have incremental expenses like normalizing our bonus payout that’s a $27 million impact year-over-year. If we end up paying out 100% in 2017 compared to where we paid out in 2016. So pretty significant headwind and you certainly need to keep that in mind, of course, on a year-over-year basis we always have our usual suspect like merit increases, merit accounts or something like $23 million to $25 million of headwind year-over-year as well. So you got to keep that in mind. And then we’ve got the usual inflation on the other lines of cost that we will run hard to offset with the savings and the initiatives from Project XL beyond going mean initiatives and so forth. So those are couple of key things that I would throughout Neil.
William Plummer: Yes. Hey George, it’s Bill. So what I would say is the operational efficiencies are going to come out of just really diving deeper into their processes as well as our processes and looking for ways to improve those processes based on what either side has learned over time. The way I think about it sort of accrued way, they’re operating at about a 42% EBITDA margin, we’re operating at about 48% EBITDA margin. So that GAAP says that we’re doing something that that they are not. Now whether they can do what we can do or not, we’ll find out more detail, but I think as we look deeper into how they do things and how we do things, we’re going to find ways to close that GAAP somewhat. And it’s just going to take some time to get to. Regarding other savings, purchasing savings certainly are an opportunity for us I think you saw in the investor deck for the deal that we think that we can find some procurement savings just right off the back just given the greater scale that we have for fleet purchases compared to where we see them. So that’s going to be cash save and we’ll show up immediately release then in operating expenses, but cash save that adds to the value of this deal. So we’ll be looking for other opportunities in addition to the fleet purchases to leverage that aspect as well.
William Plummer: Yes. It really that it – so you got the profile. I’d say the utilization profile probably mirrors the OEC on rent profile right. So it step-up and you’re right, December was helped by Christmas on a weekend, but that wasn’t the entire story for the month of December. And I’ll let Matt talk about specific areas of demand that we saw, but there was a general move higher as we saw little bit more activity just kind of build as we went through the quarter.
William Plummer: Thanks, George. I think I told a couple of folks that December was 180 basis points year-over-year as 170 is the right number. Thanks for remind me that George.
William Plummer: Sure, Brendon. We’ve seen some incremental improvement that would be similar to what you see in the rig count, maybe a little bit less, but I think the important point to know is that this point, the upstream is only a little over 2% of our overall revenue. So if we see a 14%, 15% improvement will – they’ll have some impact on how much of improvement you are going to see and is it meaningful in the overall organization. That being said, if you add in the Canadian part of the business, which gets categorized a little bit in the non-drilling in the midstream, that’s another percent of our business brings the total up to three and some improvement up there would really help the team up in Western Canada. We haven’t seen that yet, most of the improvements in the second part of your question has been out in the Permian and mostly in the drills in the U.S., but not so much in Western Canada yet and we are positioned for when we get tail.
William Plummer: So I think if you – we put some revenue NES revenue information in the Investor Day, I don’t remember if we put fleet. I’m just trying to give you some external data that maybe can point you in the right direction. It’s clear that what I’d say on rate is that – we know that United Rentals is a premium rate company relative to the marketplace. We’ve seen that through a lot of different data sources. And so it shouldn’t be a surprise that our rate performance if you measured by dollar utilization for example is higher than NES. I think that’s about as far as I’d go on that front. On time utilization they are a aerial, a heavy fleet and so it’s hard to compare directly their time utilization experience with ours. They’ve done a nice job in getting their fleet on rent and keeping utilizations attractive. And that’s something that we’re pleased to see. And we want to make sure that we can support that if not enhance that going forward. So those are the comments that I offer. Matt or Mike, I don’t know, if you guys would want to add anything else.
William Plummer: I think we can say, we’ve seen genuine acceleration as we talked about in fourth quarter in the overall demand. And if you dig a little deeper into that demand growth, you can point to new projects that have kicked off or that are ramping up. That we expect will continue into 2017. So that gives us encouragement that’s one of the reasons why we put more CapEx into the plan for this year. For example, so on that regard. Yes, we think that there’s genuine acceleration going out there from a demand perspective. How quickly that translates into top line growth and profitability growth is part of the question that we wrestle with at this time in the year. But we think we captured that wrestling in the ranges that we’ve given in our guidance. So I would say don’t just fixate on the midpoint. Think about the full range that we gave you because we think the full range is reflective of that momentum and how it could play out as we go forward.
William Plummer: Yes. I think that’s fair, right. I think we climb down pretty hard on CapEx in 2016. And there were certainly numerous cases. I know because every time I went out in the field people accosted me about capital. Numerous cases we’re focused on that, it would be a good idea to invest more capital to go after some of the business that we just couldn’t when we were constraining capital. So if you read that constrain a little bit then you can get that business and you can support the initiatives under Project XL and some of the verticals that we’re going after as Matt mentioned. And so that’s part of what we’re trying to accomplish with a little bit more capital in 2017.
William Plummer: And the capacity if we do find one that lines up right, this deal will only take us to little under three times leverage right at the close, by the end of the year that leverage is going to come down, depending on what we end up doing with the share repurchase for example to nicely below three times. So we’ll be in a position where of another deal lines up and it’s available later this year. We’re ready to go.
William Plummer: Yes, Joe. So to be consistent with our approach have not giving guidance or going into too much debt about rate and time utilization, I won’t answer that question directly, all update is that we’ve giving you the guidance for the full year, we haven’t seen anything that would cause us to change that guidance, obviously, because we just gave the last night. So that as far as would ready to go and comment about January.
William Plummer: I won’t directly address pricing other than to say that I do believe – we do believe that there is a very good argument that the overall cycle is in good shape. And will continue on and upward path for some time to come, whether that manifest itself in rates going back up and sort of the 4%, 5%, 6% a year kind of frame that they did. Earlier in this recovery I leave it to you to put your own estimate on that. But the cycle has legs to go is our view. And so that will support demand and depending on, how the market dynamics respond to that demand, it will have an impact on where rates go.
William Plummer: Thanks, Scott. I won’t go any further on the buckets but regards cadence, you recall the last year, we clamp down pretty hard in the first quarter. So we won’t be that aggressive in the first quarter relative to the rest of the year. This year, if I remember the number from last year was about $100 million in Q1 with the overall increase and with a little bit of a shift in timing. You could see a spin in the neighbourhood of twice that in Q1 this year. The second and third quarters will be up dollar wise. But not dramatically so maybe a little bit more of an increase in the third quarter than the second. And then the fourth quarter will be up just a little bit over fourth quarter of 2016. So that some broad guidelines for you to get started and if that doesn’t help ask again in April on the next call.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Neil. This is Matt. So the fleet age is a good question and we’re going to find out whether that’s I wouldn’t necessarily go to the point saying that, that’s going to require CapEx. They as a competitor NES is very good customer service and very good customer retention. So we’re going to learn how they have wage that fleet while keeping R&M at a reasonable cost and maybe we’ll learn something there. It is primarily an aerial fleet and we’ve always known if you can [indiscernible] aerial when you need to, but there may be some other trick that’s the great part of all of our acquisitions as we always learn something new from the new team members that we bring on board. As far as the cranes, the cranes is a mix of some cranes that we’re very familiar with like some of the industrial cranes with Broderson Cranes that we use a lot in steel mills and car plant. And they do have some cranes that are not as compatible with our fleet. They’re isolated in a few markets and with a couple of customers who are very familiar with. I won’t go as for yet is to say we may grow that in our – in further in our footprint. But we certainly once again have the opportunity to learn. I think it’s important to note that just about all their cranes are bare rentals, which place pretty well for us. So we probably have a little bit of a concern if they were all mean to rentals. So I think it’s an opportunity once again for us to learn about potential new offerings
Matt Flannery: No. I think Bill covered it, but to reiterate the demand was a bigger driver than just the holiday on weekend and that has been encouraging for us. We didn’t have the drop that we haven’t Thanksgiving as large as we’ve had past years that was encouraging for us. So there are a lot of good things for us and I think, you hear that and see that in our guidance going into 2017.
Matt Flannery: We haven’t gone into that before Steven. I mean there is some discrepancy I would say that the band has tightened over the years. That there’s the big outlier used to be Western Canada. That’s no long, you’ve seen the Canadian rate experience. So that’s tightened up, I think the oil and gas high rate market as we’ve discussed before as part of our headwind. That’s tightening the band overall. And as there is not larger variances there used to be we haven’t discussed in detail but you can imagine the balance of rate and time is what everybody runs in the rental industry. So that is your – if you’re in severe cold weather markets, you’re going to need to end up in a little bit more rate because your time opportunity is lower, but not anything that I’d call out on the call.
Matt Flannery: Yes, just from the finance section of this room the tax benefit is no small thing as well. That’s very important value for us as we move into being a pull cash tax payer to be able to realize that $125 million present value, with a pretty high certainty is pretty attractive. So just one more piece of that puzzle that Mike just step through the said a lot of things lined up to make this deal attractive.
Matt Flannery: So I would this is Matt, I would say that it’s probably when you compare it to our overall dollar utilization. The first of significant driver is the fleet next. So they are primarily an aerial company at doesn’t bring even for us as high dollar utilization as our average, but also doesn’t bring the cost associated with it. So there’s a lot of opportunity for us that help bolster their dollar utilization through our processes and by serving additional products to their customers. And that’s one of the reasons why we think we’re a good owner for that business. As far as their fleet age, I don’t think that really plays too much into the dollar utilization it may add some incremental cost. But we feel when we put these two companies together in some of these markets we’re going to have the opportunity to get a better net return than we get today.
Matt Flannery: Other than the fact that we’re buying both companies they don’t have that many similarities. RSC was a public company had a lot more overhead costs that we could – that we’re duplicative immediately. So that was a big driver. At the time of the RSC acquisition a lot of the savings were driven by branch closures, because we both had extra capacity in existing facilities. As a result to the RSC facility – acquisition, we don’t have a lot of excess capacity in our facilities right now. So store consolidation is not the opportunity it was. We actually see the footprint and the employees and the talent in this acquisition as a potential growth platform. So this is not strictly a cost play here and those would be the significant drivers to why that number is different.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I would say that overall, we’re looking at Canada to be flat to slightly up and that varies greatly by provinces, even our experience in Q4. Six of the 10 provinces did have growth – did have volume growth and there are some robust markets that are doing well. It’s all dragged down by the big rock in Alberta for us with such great penetration and market share in Alberta and that’s where the country has taken its biggest hit. So it’s a little bit of a balancing act. I will say that we’re positioned well enough in all 10 provinces that whatever opportunity it comes. We can exceed what we have planned right now and some of that growth capital could shift up there, should they get any tailwind like what you’re referring to is almost 5% industrial growth forecasted. Those forecast always exchange throughout the year, but if it holds true I would imagine that we’d end up putting some of that growth capital into Canada. We’re also continuing some cold start growth in our specialty business in Canada, so there’s more penetration there as an opportunity. So I would say flat is maybe the implied guide, but if that shifts in the opportunity shifts will accordingly shift fleet up there.
Michael Kneeland: On the latter part of your question absolutely not, we are still targeting 14 cold starts and specialty and actually this new customer base that we are gaining from the NES acquisition, we think and enhance our opportunity to cross sell and I think you saw that in the notes that we had. Additionally, I’m sorry, I think I said 14 – we had 14 this year and 17 planned for 2017. Additionally, when we think about how we are going to spend the CapEx, specialty is still a top priority. That seems not only is a very accretive when we grow that business, but they continue to show the ability to grow that business. So that will be a primary source of funding and then Bill touched earlier on the investments we want to make in Project XL and I think that a lot of the rest part CapEx will be to support getting into new verticals, such as continuing to grow our infrastructure business. That might take some unique product, some new product that we think have some great opportunity or the entertainment vertical and while the list could go on, but we do see an opportunity to broaden even our gen rent fleet or non-specialty fleet.
Michael Kneeland: And this is Mike. The only thing I would add to that is – I’m not sure if you attended our conference in December, Investor Day. But we laid out a very detailed strategy. And that is what we’re following. We understand the industry. We understand the demand factors as Bill mentioned. You know the easiest thing we can do is add capital. But we have a very, very rigorous plan of how we think about things and how we’re going to execute it. And that’s where the capital is going to go. That’s how we’re going to apply it. We tried to point out the discipline that we’ve put in play are in CapEx last year by increasing the contribution margin, by changing what we’re investing in. And that’s the message I would say as we go forward. Bill is exactly right. We gave a range and that range – is one that we think is comparison to where the market is and how we see the world.
Michael Kneeland: It makes a little bit more challenging to hit that 60%. I think the wildcard question is how much can some of the Project XL initiatives and sort of the building momentum on our Lean and other cost focus initiatives. How much do those support the flow through that we might otherwise experience. So a hard question, I answer without getting into too many specifics, but what I’d say is if we got to a level of revenue growth that was sort of larger right to get away from the calculation challenge of small levels of revenue growth.
Michael Kneeland: I’d like to feel that the initiatives that we’ve got going in the business would keep us around that 60% flow through kind of area. So keep asking that question as we go forward and get a little bit more revenue growth going, but if I remodeling flow through I just start there at least and then build some sensitivities around it.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. We always have a pipeline. I think that as Bill went through his opening comments, he talked about how our trend – in the transaction, how we think about our M&A strategy. First start strategically, I mean look at the financial aspects, and then cultural is also another one. It’s very important to learn. This one here happens ahead all of them. And there are numerous deals that we have looked at and we just continue on, they will make the card. And that’s how we – that’s the discipline in rigor that we put in play. We have a pretty high bar and that’s not going to change. So if they hit all three of those buckets then we are very interested, but much beyond that we have the disciplined at to walk from.
Michael Kneeland: Well. Joe I think I just outlined transaction with NES I think is a way of looking at it strategically. And as you think about it, when I will just check – go through the check list. It accesses to new customers. It supports growth in attractive markets. And enhances that cross selling that specialty side of the business. And we give market density. From our financial, as Bill outlined, we get growth returns free cash flow without significantly impacting our leverage to getting a cost synergies. And then the cultural aspect of when [indiscernible] going back strategically as Matt mentioned, and here’s a company that as older assets, but their churncustomer was relatively low, which is peaks volume about how they focus on the customer. That along with safety is something that both of those items are a part of the United Rentals’ culture. So those are things that we look at and those are the things, how we would look at all every one of these. From a timing perspective, you talk about large one. We have to look at leverage. And those are all the components that now we look at and again I can only tell you that we have the courage not to new deals.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thank you. In closing, I want to remind everyone that there’s a new Investor Presentation on our website. That contains more details about the acquisition, if you haven’t seen it already. You will also find seven decks and a webcast from our Investor Day, including more about Project XL. So there’s a lot going on. And we look forward to sharing our progress with you in the next 90 days. In the meantime feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, who is in-charge of our IR. And if you have any questions, follow-up and/or would like to see a facility. We welcome that. So thank you very much and look forward to our next quarterly call.
