Matt Flannery: So, maybe I'll start and you guys can chime in. I won't offer any commentary on the OEMs view of what next year’s order pattern will look like but the billion one of replacement CapEx for us is the calculation of what it would take in order to just replace the units that we would be selling as used and so it’s a pretty straightforward mathematical calculation. We make a separate decision every year about how much we will actually replace and that is driven by where the fleet stands versus what we calculate as its rental useful life, as well as how the used sales strategy fits in with our overall fleet management strategy. And those are the things that are going to drive how much we actually sell as used. What that means to the OEMs, I'll let them comment on. The one thing I will point out that we do - obviously we feel the impact of prior year's purchasing patterns on any given year's rental use for life, and so we'll certainly be monitoring that dynamic as we go forward. But again I'll let the OEMs commentary stand at their own commentary.
Matt Flannery: So, Seth, this is Matt. I'll take the oil and gas question. We've increased our movements as we forecasted. We have moved year-to-date $170 million out from that $124 million number that you had previously stated. Other than seasonal items like [indiscernible] light towers, we feel that we're mostly done there. You could look at one of the charts in the investor deck and it'll show you on Slide 6, that we feel that the oil and gas demand is pretty much flat and bit bottomed out. If it goes a little bit lower, it's not going to be by lot, we're not terribly positioned from a fleet perspective. So we feel we have that mostly capturing finish it up through the winter season. As far as your other question was –
Matt Flannery: Yes, struggling with how to respond to what that might mean for our rate expectation going forward. I think it's pretty clear that the fourth quarter year-over-year raise that we expect as implied by our guidance is down materially, materially more than it was in the third quarter. Honestly, Seth, I'm struggling with what more to say about that. So, if you got more detailed question maybe you can take it offline and we'll see if we can address it better for you.
Matt Flannery: I just would say that it's always - you're trying to say what is the back fall I think it's everyone's strategy, and for us it is about driving profitable growth and it's the balance between utilization and rate. And that's our strategy and that's what we're going to be focused on.
Matt Flannery: No I think Bill said it well it's about what rate and utilization do we need to have profitable growth and that’s going to be our north star that we will manage and some of the other metrics usually directionally supported, but it won't be as meiotic as a direct tie X rate brings Y capital growth.
Matt Flannery: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is we don’t expect oil to go up or increase over the next year or two. As I mentioned earlier on the pump business, we are expanding other verticals and we had some really good success. We take a look at in our investor deck on pumps specifically. We have expanding their verticals as we stand today. They are only down 9.6% on a year-over-year basis after having 50%of their business coming from oil. So we would not tell we are going to vacate oil, but I think where we - oil for us in general has been drilling the holes and we saw that dropped significantly. We don’t spend a lot of our rental equipment around existing facilities. Once they are established they are maintained. It's to minimus as far as rental capacity that we have there.
Matt Flannery: The other thing I would add is obviously companies are readjusting either age or either fleet mix particularly places that are heavily in the oil. And as we go through this quarter, in the first quarter - first quarter if you recall, the biggest auctions will typically take place in February were most of the companies spend a lot of time and effort to send their fleet. I just want to remind everybody, not everyone in our industry has channel mix that we have. We do retail equipment and so unlike a lot of competitors, they don’t have their capacity or lean on that capacity. That’s a preference they have in our strategy. So you're going to get mixed results, but as Bill mentioned our retail was pretty healthy.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I'll just add, this is Mike by the way. As I stated, we have no preconceived notions. We have an open thought on how we look at next year and the years beyond. I think what you pointed out is that there is flexibility, and we will exercise our flexibility as we go forward. Right now we're in the midst of our budget process, it's a ground up and that process is underway and then we'll have that discussion with our Board and come forward in January. But you laid out a scenario, various scenarios, but it really points out to the flexibility that we have.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. So, the incentive comp impact $13 million in the third quarter, somebody's going to have to get me what we called out was $12 million in second quarter, and that's really where the adjustment started. So, year-to-date it's $25 million and as a modeling starting point there probably wouldn't be far off to say that we get something like the $13 million in the fourth quarter as well. So, those are the impacts. The question is - your question about whether it reverses next year. It certainly will reverse out, at least we hope it will reverse out next year as we perform closer to what we ultimately plan for next year, it won't be a full reversal though because remember last year we accrued to a very high payout level for our program, almost maxed out. This year we're accruing to a below target payout level. So, to normalize next year back is something like target which is how we would model and plan around next year. The snapback won't be quite as dramatic as the benefit year-over-year that we've seen so far this year. So, I think those are the thoughts that I would offer. What's the another part of your question that I –
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's the way we're thinking about it Seth, right here now. And certainly if there is a significant impact from the snapback of the incentive comp, we would call out what that impact was next year just as we did just now. But as you think about the rest of the business, 60% we feel is a good way to think about pull through next year.
Michael Kneeland: I'll take the dollar utilization and maybe Will or Matt, will take over the rate. As you try to build out your model, if you recall that we had a tremendous amount of cold starts in the specialty arena as a result of that you bring fleet in and as it goes forward, it's going to be putting it out, you'll see that should improve as we go forward. I think that's the biggest delta around the trench and other. Again building it out and putting what we put in place, now monetizing that and putting the stuff out on rent.
Michael Kneeland: I’ll talk about, we are seeing obviously we as well as others have tampered their capital spending and then I think most recently there was one of the OEMs yesterday said that their AWP they saw an increase in the smaller categories of rental companies. It's not unusual if you think about it for a moment that the publically held company has always had access to capital. The larger companies followed suit and then you would see the capital that comes into play to a much smaller fragmented section. Non unusual not alarming to me, but something we closely watch and we will adjust to our strategy and driving profitable growth. I think I made a very clear that you’ll see a significant drop in capital spend in Q1 for us and as we come into January Scott, we will clearly will communicate our thoughts going forward. But we watch it. We understand that the oil had disruption. We also understand and experienced the fleeting up within the industry and good thing is that there is multiple years of expansion left and we will have to play and we will make our calls.
Michael Kneeland: So Scott we are in the middle of the negotiations with our strategic suppliers right now, but we certainly don't expect to see increases coming in the next year for a lot of reasons and will be very diligent about making sure that we are reacting and we are having our partners react to the current environment.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I would add is the equipment we have is very universal applied to multiple verticals to give you some industrial manufacturing, automotive, some distribution, some fabricated metal product, heavy manufacturing, semiconductors and transportation systems, and chemical processing continue to show some areas of growth and expansion. LNG we had some numerous projects as particularly in the beginning of the year and starts and LNG starts, but again all of the fleet that we have in general is universally applied to the verticals that we are talking about. So with the exception may be some of the pumps and we have talked about pumps in the past.
Michael Kneeland: Sure thanks Steve. So, there has been some challenges that we have observed, but as you look - I referred to the Slide 6 before we see its pretty much bottomed out and actually may even be slightly above of a drop that would hit in July. But when you think about if some more rigs comes down as there is further capital project cuts, I think that the fleet knows areas has moderated quite a bit, there will be a little less supply in those areas, but more importantly the dynamic for us is that we still own some business in oil and gas place right now throughout many of the different shelves there is a little some more direct business that may be going on so the dynamic of how the end users are being supplied is giving up an opportunity as well.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, used prices are still at very high levels. If you just take the proceeds 142 million divide into the original costs that we saw, which was 247 million, somebody help me out there. That’s well north of 50% proceeds $0.50 on the dollar for equipments that’s seven years old. So that’s an implication that the values are still very high. Have they perhaps ticked down from the absolute peak that they achieved a few months ago, maybe, but they are still at levels that represent very attractive opportunities to sell when you need to sell used. So that dynamic is still very, very supportive of what we try to do as a company.
Michael Kneeland: Yes Nic. The $22 million run rate at the third quarter as I'm sure you have noted as down from where it was in the second quarter. And we should certainly talk about the drivers there but in terms of the initiatives that we are pursuing, they are very much similar to what we talked about in the past, right. We have implemented all of important components of a lean program and what we are about now is rolling that out to a broader set of locations across our business and touching more of the processes in the business. The $22 million number is reflective of all the work that we have done so far much of which was focused on improving the productivity of each dollar of cost that we spend rather than actually taking out absolute dollars of costs. Given that volume hasn’t developed quite the way we thought it would this year, the improved productivity hasn’t delivered the same amount of save that we initially thought. And so now we are pivoting to look at whether there are actual dollar costs that we need to take out in order to continue to drive that productivity result and so that’s being discussed as we speak right here now. We still are very comfortable guiding to that $100 million run rate impact by the end of next year, because we can look across the business and still see places where we haven't implemented fully all the lean initiatives or where we have, but we haven’t gotten as much out of them as we might have anticipated. So we are still comfortable saying that we expect to see the $100 million impact by the end of next year.
Michael Kneeland: I think in my earlier comments I talked about the macros being an important backdrop for us. If we get a sense as the macro environment is not developing, such that our industry could reasonably expect in the mid-to-high single digits, your kind of growth next year then we are going to have to reassess, right, so that will be step one. Step two, if we get early in the year and we are not seeing the absorption of the fleet that we talked about getting utilization up, then we are going to have reassess that's step two. And we'll continue to look at that. Step three might be if we are not seeing the market offer a rate environment that we would expect. Early in the year rate is always a challenge because of the seasonality, but if it’s more of a challenge than sort of what we have going into year, then we will have to reassess. So those are the things that are going to be swirling around in our heads as we think about how we execute the CapEx and other components of our plan for 2016.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. So there is an incentive component of the cost of rent benefit as well and certainly that was that play, but it wasn’t the entire explanation for the cost of rent improvement that we saw. We did have a little bit of a fuel benefit in the quarter as well, that showed up - primarily in cost of rent and so call we call it a couple of million dollars in the quarter there as well. But I’ll remind that fuel as it plays through cost of rent is a pass through for the vessel fuel. The fuel that’s actually in the equipment we rent, right, the customers pays for that. So it’s sort of natural hedge. And the fuel component of our delivery costs that’s a pass through to our delivery charge as well. So it’s sort of natural hedge. So the impact may not be as large as you think from fuel. What else, I called out overall delivery cost of which fuel is apart. Wage and benefits saves were really just about headcount not particular headcount action, but the natural turnover headcount in our business, as well as some efficiencies that we are realizing from some of the costs saves initiatives that we talked about earlier. Those are the primary drivers within the cost of rent saves and we think we have got the opportunity to continue to drive more saves as we go forward.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. As we stated earlier, that was a very exciting quarter for us and we've also updated our investor materials. Make sure you go to our website and download both our financial deck and the background information. If you have any additional question or would like to go any of our facilities, you can reach out to Fred Bradman anytime with your questions in our Stanford office. With that Operator, we will end the call. Thank you.
William Plummer: Yes, and one other thing that I'd try is just, if you look at where we expect to exit 2015, we talked last quarter about it being somewhere in that quarter to a third of a point of carryover, negative carryover next year. That's not a huge deficit to make up, it's one point that I would make in terms of getting rate back to breakeven or positive rate next year. So, that gives us some encouragement that it's not an impossible game to get rate back to being positive next year and if we're doing the right things in managing our fleet and the rest of our business and the macros there with this that's a reasonable to think about next year.
William Plummer: Yes sure, I did talk about focusing on T&E and professional fees. And getting some benefit there year-over-year, we'll continue to look for opportunities to maintain on that front. We're being very, very conscious about all the other lines within SG&A as well. We did have little bit of benefit in that debt expense, we'll continue to look for opportunities there and focusing on managing the age of our receivables which drives that measure. So, we hope to continue to improve there, and then just general cost focus, it's ramped up in the Company over the last several months and I think that'll be the case going into 2016 as well. So, stay tuned and we'll call out more as we actually deliver.
William Plummer: So, we certainly expected to reduce whether that's the numerator or the denominator, rather it be that we put more fleet on rent, but we're going to react appropriately to the demand that's in the oil and gas, so if we can't move the numerator, we will pull more fleet out of there. It does look like it's bottomed out, the headwinds on a year-over-year comp will be there probably through the end of January or February, which is when we saw this year a lot of the rigs come off and then the fleets come off shortly thereafter. So, we feel comfortable that we'll manage that GAAP even tighter this year.
William Plummer: Yes, I don't know that we would think about it as "X" amount of rate yields "Y" amount of CapEx. I do think that we try to look at the overall position of the Company and the environment that we're in to make that decision around CapEx. I mentioned earlier for example that we're going to have a very bright light shining on our utilization of existing fleet in 2016, that's going to be an important driver alongside whatever rate we expect to yield. So, I guess I wouldn't think about it as being that tightly linked to rate as long as we've got other opportunities to drive improvement in our business like with utilization.
William Plummer: It continues to be a solid demand environment for us. I mean we are – you heard some of my comments right about some of the industrial demand that we are seeing in the drivers there. The commercial side of the house still has a got solid tone it and that is supported by whether use non-res construction or some of the other measures by economic data. So the demand environment is still pretty solid. It's indicated to us both by what we are actually putting on rent, but also the commentary that we would get from our customer base. It's still very much supportive of growth in the next near term period and we expect that to continue to be the case end of 2016.
William Plummer: Yes George, I think it’s fair to say that any reasonable range of rate growth and time utilization that we we're thinking about gives us a real good shot at 60% so that's still very much within our thinking here about 2016. Obviously if you don’t get rate or time not as strong as you would like then it puts more emphasis on the cost level, but we feel like any reasonable combination that we're likely to see next year we can think about 60% of the flow through. So that’s why we are communicating it.
William Plummer: Absolutely. There are free cash flow numbers after our CapEx plan and that CapEx right now we guided you next year’s CapEx $1.6 billion. So we think that, that will be plenty of free cash flow to support the capital plans for next year and to execute the share we purchased on the pace that we talked about. So I am not concerned at all about being able to spend on share repurchases to that 18-month time frame and depending on how free cash flow plays out, we have excess cash flow beyond that speed of spin on share repurchases then we can make some more decisions about paying down debt while also during the share repurchase. So we think we got a lot of flexibility in doing all of the above over the course of the next couple of years.
George Tong: I was just trying to get a sense for how aside from the rental supply issues you have seen, how rental demand is evolving for you along your main verticals of commercial and industrial.
George Tong: Got it. And Bill following up on your 60% EBITDA target flow through next year. What are the conditions loosely around re-growth and time utilization that you would need to see for you to be able to deliver on that.
George Tong: That’s helpful. And then Bill you talked about the $1 billion of share we purchased. Just wondering how you think about the balance between doing those repurchases versus your return on investment, I know on slide you are still showing a nice healthy 700 million plus of free cash flow next year. So, is the expectation that your cash flow will be sufficient to meet both the repo need, repo plan and any of your investment desires.
Joe Box: So, I will ask you a couple of hypothetical questions here. One, if you guys don’t see the equipment getting reabsorbed by the seasonally slow 1Q, does 2Q then become significantly lower CapEx quarter as well.
Joe Box: Okay, I can appreciate that. And then I guess what are you guys specifically looking for from your end markets. To maybe take a change in your capital allocation plans and ultimately put a greater percentage of free cash flow toward debt pay down.
Joe Box: Thanks guys. That’s helpful. And then just one quick one if I can. Bill, you already kind of talked about the cost of rental line in a number of different components there, but can you maybe just walk through some of the additional puts and takes like few incentive comp. Ultimately, we are still looking at some nice leverage here where we can see some margin expansion on the gross line.
