Matt Flannery: So I'll start with the demand portion, whether it be through the broad-based demand that I discussed in the opening comments, where every one of our business units geographically and now all of our specialist businesses show double-digit growth in the quarter, and that's a continued momentum from what we've been seeing for quite a while now. And all the verticals that we cover remain positive in the quarter. There's actually one to be technically correct. Disaster and recovery was down a little bit, but that was coming off of 132% comp growth in the first quarter last year, and it's 1% of our business. So basically, all the verticals, all the geographies, all the product lines. remain strong -- very strong demand. So we feel good about that. And when I think about the supply-demand dynamics partly driven by the mega projects, partly driven by the broad-based demand I just talked about. We see it to be a very constructive market for continued strength for the industry overall, tack along with the discipline. I mean we're not going to get in the end of the components of it, but we feel good about rates. We feel good about the constructive environment, and we feel good about being able to reaffirm our guidance because of that demand.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So where we'll start to see improvements as we get time better as we get cross-selling better, that's not all going to show up in that debt, right? It will create will create a little bit better pro forma, but it's all going to be mixed in to your point, only 10% of our overall performance. The real needle mover will be the improvement that we get on our own asset base, right, in the other 90%. So we can walk through the math, but it's not going to be exactly for, but it's going to be in somewhere between 3.5% and 4% for the balance of the year is our expectation.
Matt Flannery: Yes. We think that the supply chain will get better next year. So we don't think we'll need to pull forward as much as we did. You remember, we brought in probably 700 extra in Q4. And another 400, let's say, extra in Q1. So we still feel that we needed to do that for this year.  We're not expecting that for next year. What would change that if we started to see a lot of slippage throughout the peak season this year than maybe we'd have to revisit with the vendors. But we think we'll get back to more normalized talk about this in the end of the third quarter, fourth quarter type conversations and making sure we're securing slots. Now we're talking to them all along. But as far as trying to put hard numbers down, we don't feel the supply chain will be in a position for us to have to do that today.
Matt Flannery: Yes, your observation is right. When you think about the cadence, normally, the first quarter and fourth quarter are larger, right, with fourth usually being the largest historically, We think we'll return to a more normalized cadence as we open up other channels as opposed to the last couple of years where we've been primarily retail. So think about a little bit less in two and three and then ramping it back up again in four, as the fleet comes off rent, right? It makes sense. Q1 and 4, your lower utilization period. So it's when you have the opportunity to sell the fleet a little easier.
Matt Flannery: But we view this as very healthy kind of pull-through, if you will. And then as far as on the customer side, a little bit more skewed towards larger customers, which is in our wheelhouse, but overall, the demand is coming, probably the preplanning because of the size of some of these projects. We're probably -- we're having more conversations throughout the first quarter and continue today and even the fourth quarter last year about making sure we're ramped up for their needs because it's one of the reasons why we feel that the larger companies are going to fare well from this mega project trend because you really have to have the resources and fleet, people and capabilities to be ready for these big jobs. And those are more of the conversations that we're having. So a little bit more skewed towards our larger accounts, which as you all know, is a big part of our business.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I mean after 24% organic growth, they might not need it, but we are still looking, and we'll lean towards anything that is a new product offering as our first filter but even creating some scale and filling out the coverage model for some of the businesses is an opportunity. We continue to look at a pretty robust pipeline. But as you can see, it takes a lot to get to get one over the trends to make financial sense. And that doesn't mean we're not working the pipeline. So we don't really have anything imminent, and there's certainly nothing that we would discuss on open mic, but we do continue to look. We believe it's a strength of ours. We believe M&A and integrating the M&A more importantly and cross-selling products is a real opportunity for us. So we'll continue to work that pipeline, Jerry.
Matt Flannery: Sure. As you can see in our guidance, we're not planning on a lot of variability in there at all. And part of it is because the point you just made, yes, your largest customers are going to get a little bit better pricing relative to your spot pricing. But if we can put $100 million on a project and service it with a couple of -- and its long-term rentals, so high utilization rates, and that's going to come in at a lower cost to serve, whether I have to split $1 million per smaller job over across 100 different jobs, right? So just the logistics, everything a little bit lower cost to serve. And that balances out to we're not expecting any meaningful change in the margin profile, whether it be gross margin or EBITDA margin.
Matt Flannery: No, no. Just once again -- you look at our guidance, we're not expecting to not be able to overcome that.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I'll take the Ahern part of that, and then Ted can backfill in with some of the exposure to commercial and specifically office. I think, it's probably one of the areas people are most thinking about, which I'll foreshadow isn't much. But when we think about the Ahern integration, as I said in the prepared remarks, on track. And I'll remind everybody, this deal was all about capacity and capacity in fleet, real estate and people. We're right on track with the fleet and real estate, working through that. We've got the plans on how we're going to consolidate the go-to-market into one go-to-market. And in a few instances, that means repurposing some of the real estate to support some of the 40 cold starts that we're talking about. So we still have capacity even where we're consolidating in a market because one of our stores had plenty of capacity to consolidate into. We're utilizing that other real estate to help grow some of the specialty business. So that's from the real estate perspective. The fleet we've talked about already, we'll continue to work towards making that fleet look more like ours, work towards that and probably move some of the older stuff out as we go through the year, and that was Ted's point about opening other channels. The people side has been the real positive surprise. We always had the hope that we'd be able to do well with people, that they'd integrate into our organization well, and that's exceeded our expectation. And they have quite a bit higher turnover in that business stand-alone, and we're glad to see that we remedied that, made that turnover level look like ours -- more like ours, which is really the important part of that. And once again, that final piece of capacity, that's we're very, very pleased with.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. And that wraps it up for today. I want to thank everyone for joining us. And we look forward to our Investor Day in about 6 weeks and speaking with you all again in late July. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted at any time. Operator, you can now end the call.
Ted Grace: Yes, Rob, this is Ted. I'll take that one. That is the indication of the impact of Ahern. And just to be clear, that was in line with expectations. When you look at those margins, it reflects the fact that we bought a business that we knew have lower margins. As we integrate it, that's the effect you see.
Ted Grace: Over time, certainly, the idea is we will narrow the gap. I mean, that was part of the opportunity, right? We talked about being a better owner of assets, and it -- but it takes time, right? So certainly, when we look at that kind of crude calculation of dollar you we don't think they'll be at 40% forever. Our intent is to get them closer to something appropriate over time, but it will take time. And that's sort of every acquisition so.
Ted Grace: So certainly -- I mean the big delta aside from the fact that it's lower margin as you get the synergies coming in, that's one thing to consider. But we're talking about this in isolation.
Ted Grace: No. I mean, if you isolate it, it's -- I mean there's always ebbs and flows to the cost. So -- but it's really a herd, where you can see that is if you look at the gen rent gross margin, right? That would go from, let's say, down 320 year-on-year to down 100 pro forma. The pro forma only includes Ahern in the year ago period but there are other accounting adjustments, fair market value on the fleet, as an example, that explained the majority of that 100 basis point pro forma number. Another, call it, shorter-term onetime expenses as we get the fleet and shape as we get their facilities integrated, that really explains the difference.
Ted Grace: Sure. So Jamie, on flow-through, we look at things pro forma, as Matt mentioned, in the first quarter, pro forma flow through 53%. We would view that as right in line with the full year guidance in the mid-50s. And so we don't give kind of sequential guidance or quarterly guidance, but certainly, we remain very confident that the flow-through is intact and as expected at the beginning of the year. So we don't view the first quarter as any deviation from that. And as we talk about flow through, and like many things, there's an ebb and flow. But we talk about targeting 50% to 60% flow through across the course of the cycle. And at some point, they're going to be at the upper end of that band and some in the lower -- but we think this is right in the middle of the fairway of where you want to be in the growth phase of the cycle. So yes, and it's consistent with the guidance
Ted Grace: I guess the thing I'd say is we have consistently been a very comfortable and consistent buyer of our stock. So we feel very good about that philosophically. From the standpoint of changing our strategy, it's certainly not something that we're contemplating at this point. . We've consistently been kind of a believer in dollar cost averaging systematic execution. So you saw us buy back $250 million in the quarter, which is obviously exactly one quarter of the full year in 10. So we have not historically kind of leaned in or been tactical. Some people call it opportunistic. We think that it served us well. And we think, frankly, when you look at most of these studies on the most effective way to execute buybacks, this is the right strategy.
Ted Grace: So we don't get too specific on it, but I will say that it remains very encouraging in customer confidence, not showing any deviation in the last number of weeks or months. So yes, we've gotten this question. And certainly, people have obviously wondered about what's happened since some of the issues with small banks, et cetera. I can tell you that we have not seen that manifest itself in any indicator but including our customer confidence in mix.
Ted Grace: So for the quarter, 71.5%. I think we sold $543 million of OEC proceeds were 388. In terms of the full year guide, we continue to expect to sell about $2 billion of OEC. We continue to expect to generate about $1.3 billion proceeds -- so that would translate to about $0.65 on the dollar. As we talked about in January, and those are unchanged since January. As we get into the year, and you talk about increasing the volume of use, we will lean on other channels that we didn't lead on in 2022, wholesale, most specifically. Those are not as efficient means of recycling capital, but we'll lean on them. And as we introduce more Ahern sales, that will also have an effect. So that's what's kind of contemplated in that 55% versus the 71%. I guess what I'd say in the first quarter, I think very indicative of strength, right? We got $0.715 on the dollar, selling 92 month-old equipment which -- and frankly, a lot more of it, which speaks, as Matt said, the demand for this equipment, which we think speaks to the end market. So I don't know if that helps, but those are some of the perspectives we'd share.
Ted Grace: Yes, and Neil, and I'll take the other piece. So just to try to dimensionalize it. I'm going to use the Census Bureau's construction put in place data. We don't track verticals as granularly as you're asking. So it's a little easier to talk about it in the context of government data. But on that basis, if you look at what is defined as total commercial, which is a very broad segment, it would be about 12% of total nonres, about $110 billion out of the $900 billion market. And office would be a separate vertical, which is about $75 billion or about 8%. So that would dimensionalize it. It's about 20%. Now that runs the entire gamut from office buildings, as I mentioned, the grocery stores, gas stations, et cetera, et cetera. I do think it's important to add other context to that. If you look at manufacturing, manufacturing is also a $110 billion market, about 12% of the total. Power is $100 billion itself. That's 11%. And public is a $355 billion market, which is 40%. So when you think about these areas that I think people have some concerns, compared to the areas where we've talked about seeing a lot of multiyear economically insulated -- relatively insulated opportunity, that's where -- that's what drives a lot of our optimism is when we look at kind of, as I said, manufacturing, power, public, that is over 60% of total construction, and areas that you're asking about are, call it 20%.
David Raso: I think for most people, the drag that Ahern brought to the reported numbers was a bit of a surprise, the magnitude of it. And I'm just trying to get a sense of productivity going forward, and I know the rate comp gets harder. But the improvement you would think you'd have around an Ahern and the smaller acquisition able, but particularly Ahern, can you tell us about why the drag is that much? And the implications for productivity the rest of the year, can you improve that mix or whatever they're dragging on the reported numbers? And then I know you have the offset, though, of course, the rate comp gets harder. I think we're all just trying to figure out in the reported numbers, the whole year, is it going to be sub 2? Because the base case had been productivity would slow through the year. But now that we have a reported number of 2, I think we're just trying to figure out, as productivity flat to down by the end of the year on report.
David Raso: I was going to ask just kind of what trying to think about 2024 a little bit. You hear some of your suppliers having -- taking orders for 24 people are curious about projects starting to hit the ground that have kind of a multiyear aspect to them. By no means am I asking for '24 guidance, but I'm just trying to get a sense of when you went through your CapEx thoughts for the year, what you're hearing from suppliers business beyond '23. Can you give us a little color on kind of what you're sitting on right now when you think about 24 projects, willingness to order earlier working with kind of 3-year kind of conversations, which we haven't historically heard in the industry. I think they were just trying to figure out how to think about beyond '23 .
David Raso: On the demand side as well, though too. Anything you can tell us about multiyear projects, how are we thinking about it? Or please go ahead.
