Michael Kneeland: Sure. Basically, when we talk to a lot of our customers, obviously, given the uncertainty in the marketplace, coupled with the fact that the credit markets are still very tight, particularly for lower tier type of clients, they're going to be prone to renting. You talk to them, we see it in our new account activity and then we see our current customers, we're focusing on rental. Given the fact that a lot of the jobs they have are various jobs that they wouldn't otherwise would have not been bidding on. So the need to have the depth of equipment is going to be very important for them. That, along with our strategy of focusing on the customers, of making sure that we earn their worthiness to rent from us, through our service, is very important. So I look at it as a 3-pronged approach. It's our strategy with our go-to-market with single point of contact, focusing on the customer with that one-on-one relationship and following the customer with our customer service and the uncertainty and the tight credit markets. And keep in mind, Manish, as you know, during the downturn, a lot of companies, not only the large public companies but a lot of companies de-fleeted and they don't have the ability to fleet up because of the credit market. So I think a combination of all those things are playing true to the industry today.
Michael Kneeland: Well, it's a newly formed metric program that they put forward. Rouse puts them out there, the key metrics things like rates, age, dollar utilization, time utilization and they are working very closely with ARA. As you know, we're supporters of ARA, coming out with a set of industry standards so that we can all look at the world at the same way, for the investors. That's why I said we get this confidence on our rental rates but that we're not growing our time utilization at the sacrifice of rate. That I can say with confidence based on the data that they're supplying to us.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I would just tell you that, again, we took up our guidance on a time utilization. So it's safe to say that we continue to see that level of activity go forward in July, and as well as a rate improvement -- sequential rate improvement, month-over-month.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's great. And for everyone on the call today, as Jerry's alluding to is called the Tier 4 and that's 75 to 175 horsepower which is required in 2012. And the manufacturers have been struggling and working diligently to reengineer their products, to get those things ready for the demand that we will all be looking for next year. As far as the company is concerned, the way we look at it, and we've analyzed it, our fleet team does a lot of work on this, dividing out the different types of engines and requirements that are needed. Right here, now today, about 3% to 5% of our total units, or about 10% to 15% of our total fleet would fit in that category. Now you're not going to replace that all in one year and keep in mind on the larger products, the engine is a small portion of the total piece of equipment. So when we look at what the cost impact could be next year, it's not going to be a significant number as we reported this year. I mean, I think our prices were flat to up 1%. I think what we would see next year are blended increase in the low-single digits, given the fact that it's small percentage of our total fleet.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's correct. That actually fits the whole bucket. Anything over 75 horsepower fits in that complete tier I just talked to you about.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, it goes to 25 to 75. We've been working diligently for several years on the lower class assets. So again, we don't see it going up significantly.
Michael Kneeland: Emily, in the investor presentation, we put together a bridge on our EBITDA to get over at or above $1 billion over the next 2 to 3 years. Again, as I mentioned, that's our near-term goal and we clearly see our focus on our way there. And we look at the second quarter as a step in the right direction.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. Obviously, we have a goal that we want to climb back in our bridge and then we want to get back 10 to 11 points from the bottom of '10 at a minimum. And we're not going to stop there, by the way. To talk about the market, my sense is everyone is going to see rate improvements. This is an industry that definitely has to go over it's cost of capital that it's going to be necessary to sustain itself over time. So my sense is that everyone will start to benefit from the rates and the demand that they're seeing in the marketplace, whether people get aggressive, depends upon their strategy. There are some pockets where there's some areas of the country aren't doing as well as other areas. Are they being more competitive, absolutely, but there's areas like Canada that are expanding nicely. So I think in general, in order for people to expand their fleets, they're going to have to be able to show that they can have the ability to pay back their loans over time. And so I think the trend will be towards better improvement in rates.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think you just hit -- all of the items, I would tell you, yes, we're going to tighter comps. Two, there is typically a seasonal. We don't know what the winter will bring to us and whether it will come sooner or later. But it's really going to be based on customer demand out there, and we know we brought it up for full year, 2.5%. Could it be another 0.5 point? Possibly. But we are bringing more fleet in and we'll update everybody as we go through the third quarter. So we'll have better visibility into the fourth.
Michael Kneeland: No, nothing is really unusual. I mean, it's really -- those are going after individual accounts across North America. And we're tracking them on a daily basis through our sales efforts, and following the customer. As I mentioned before, even with our National Accounts, and our share of wallet increased nicely, significantly on a year-over-year basis. So we're earning more share of their wallet and those are the things that we track.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, David. It's Mike. I've been in the industry for 33 years and the term re-rent has been around for many, many years and just not everybody uses it. The reason why you do re-rent are really 2 reasons. One of which is if you have an immediate need, you determine whether it's prudent to have that machine hold in from wherever it may be, look at what the cost is and how long you're going to need it and then you make a business decision. When we take about the re-rent and when we look at the large percentage of their re-rents that occurred in the second quarter, it was really because what we're doing is performing more services for our current customers. We're renting assets that they're asking us to supply for them that we typically don't carry. And in fact, as some of our customers, as part of our agreement, we have to supply things that we don't carry. For an example, we don't carry cranes with the exception of the acquisition that we had up in Canada. So if we need a crane as part of our contract, we'll get a third party to get in there and then we'll go for it. So that's the reason. Actually, I look at it as a positive because our customers are relying on us to do more for them as part of their services.
Michael Kneeland: Well, obviously, you're going to have to -- to answer your question, we're going to see some end-market growth. At some point it will come. It's not going to be held down forever. And even when I said that the ABI Index is showing some choppiness, it has improved year-over-year. It's just still disappointing that it doesn't have consistent growth at 50 or above. That being said, with our share of wallet at 53%, that's a great percentage. Not done yet, do I expect to have 100%? No, not at all. We want to earn the lion's share of our business and that is going to be based on customer-by-customer. In some instances, we may be as high as 70%, 75% of their business. And we fully understand that there are some products that we don't carry and there are some products that they will want to have as a backup, fully understand that. I'm very pleased with the results that the team has put together. It really shows that our services, our customer service and our model is proving true.
Michael Kneeland: Henry, this is Mike. Yes, obviously, we're going to integrate those. In fact, GulfStar is already been integrated. And we're in the final stages of integrating the Venetor because it's a much larger acquisition. We're always looking for things that strategically fit with the company. And as we've always said -- a lot of feedback here on the call here so I apologize if it's going through to everybody. But basically, when we look at this acquisitions, strategically, they have to fit with the company, they have to be a cultural fit and they also have to have an incremental margin improvement to the company, internal rate of return that's positive. And those are the 3 key areas. The level of activity continues to grow and we see opportunities, and some we passed on and some we find of interest. So we'll continue to focus on those but the key area to think about is it has to be strategic.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Joe. I mean, look, anything is possible, right? And as Bill mentioned, we'll have a better picture as we go through into the fourth quarter of what 2013 will look like. So it's a little too early to tell. Having said that, what would be the components that would fall into that? The credit market being choppy, the uneasiness, the uncertainty, I think we'll still be continued drivers for people wanting to rent as opposed to owning. There are pockets where we are seeing improvements, particularly, with power. We talked about, and we've talked about this privately with a lot of you, about the frac-ing industry and how that is exploded. And so there's going to be opportunities like that to continue. We also are penetrating new markets. I mean, the industrial market's a growth opportunity for us. And we continue to see a lot of runway there. So yes, I think next year, it's always a possibility. As I stated in my release and on the opening comments of the call, we clearly see that we're marching towards the $1 billion of EBITDA and improved margins. So we'll have to stay tuned.
Michael Kneeland: Scott, I'll also say that you got probably in contacts, you go back to the beginning of the year, we're the ones who basically said 5%, at least 5% this year and we stuck our neck out to do that. And the team has delivered on that and we're not done. If we can get more, you can bank on it that we're going to go out and find it. So we'll continue to focus, and rate is the biggest driver of profitability in our industry.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, thanks, operator. I just want to -- I'll just wrap up this call by saying thank you for joining us today but more importantly, I wanted you to take a look at the bigger picture. The way I look at it, that was a strong quarter. We had time utilization up, 3.6 percentage points at fifth consecutive quarter. We have rates up 6.1%, with the fleet on average up 8% for the quarter. And on top of all that, we had margin expansion of 3 points. I clearly see how this company is transforming itself. And we're not done, we have more work to do. And I look forward to talking to all of you on our third quarter call. So thank you.
William Plummer: We're well-positioned, Manish, in almost every one of those measures, relative to the competitors that are included in the survey. So we feel pretty good. Obviously, there's always room to improve but for the markets that we seen out of Rouse, whether it's dollar utilization, time, whatever measure, we are at or near the top in the reports that we've seen.
William Plummer: I've been using the word robust so I think that, that gives you a sense whether it's rate or time, there's a pretty strong start to July.
William Plummer: It does, Phil. It's Bill here. We view that as a good disciplined mechanism for ourselves to make sure that we're using our fleet as effectively -- our existing fleet, as effectively as possible. And so it's sort of arbitrary but it is a good disciplined mechanism for us as we go through the year. Now that's not to say that we're religious about it. I think I may have said this on a previous call. If we see very strong opportunities with important key customers, that prompt us to say, this is the business that we want for the long haul. We might dip into free cash flow negative for the right set of reasons but we're being very, very conscious about when we might decide to do that. And the statement of staying $5 million to $10 million of free cash flow positive is a statement that as we look at things right now, we think that's the right place to be.
William Plummer: Okay, I got you. So it's clearly a mix impact. We have shifted more of our revenue to monthly rates this year, compared to second quarter last year. The monthly mix this year is up about 320 basis points higher as a share of our total revenue than it was last year. And as you know, because of the pricing structure of the industry, the average daily revenue that you achieve from a monthly rental is less than if you rented it on a daily rate basis, or weekly rate basis. So that's a phenomenon, that's clearly playing through our revenue performance. We knew it was coming, right? It was an exclusive part of our strategy, as a matter of fact. We pursued the national and large regional accounts because they rent more and they rent for a longer period of time. And it offers the opportunity to serve them at a lower cost point. So it was exclusively part of the strategy we've been pursuing. We certainly saw it in the second quarter and it had an impact.
William Plummer: Yes, that's a fair assumption, Emily. It'll obviously vary with how much of the vendor sales that we do in the third quarter versus fourth quarter. But that it's fair to assume that the trend will decline.
William Plummer: For margin expansion, we haven't guided to the full year margin performance. I will say that the full year margin for used sales will be lower than what we've seen in the first half, but we haven't gotten more specific than that.
William Plummer: So Ted, I'll take a shot at it but please, if I don't address your question, ask it again a different way. As we look at -- maybe I'll frame it in terms of our flow-through performance, given that we gave an outlook there. As we look at flow-through, the impact of having relatively more of your year-over-year rate being generated by time utilization versus rate is to depress your flow-through, right? Because time brings along the variable costs associated with getting the equipment out on rent. That's quite honestly one of the phenomenons that we dealt with in the second quarter. And the strong time utilization performance that we had and while rate was strong, time was more of a surprise to the upside, if you will, and it tended to depress the realization of flow-through in the second quarter. That phenomenon could continue in the third and fourth quarter if time continues to be very strong, relative to rate. So that's one of the things that we think about in terms of judging the interplay of rate and time as it impacts flow-through. And all of these is excluding the impact of acquisitions. So in the third quarter, we could see -- you saw in the second quarter here, our flow-through of adjusted EBITDA was only about 58%. In the third quarter, you could see something like that again, where the flow-through is a little less than the overall range we've given of 62% to 67%. But we think that it will -- we'll make up for that in the fourth quarter, and we'll certainly continue to drive for all of the flow-through that we can. But one other thing, if I could, on the second half as it relates to flow-through performance, we know that we've got some events coming in the second half that are going to help us. In particular, in the fourth quarter, we know that last year, we took the $18 million self-insurance reserve adjustment in the fourth quarter. That's not going to repeat this year. We feel very confident that, that was an unusual set of items in our self-insurance activities. So there is an $18 million benefit in the fourth quarter that will help flow-through significantly in that quarter. So you have to think about those specific items as you think about flow-through.
William Plummer: So it all depends on what kind of rate you're able to realize, whether it offsets the incremental. I'm not saying that incremental time utilization is a bad thing, please, don't take that away. It's a very good thing. It's just as it relates to the flow-through calculation, if you get your revenue from time instead of rate, then you're going to get less flow-through than if you got it the other way around. That's all I'm trying to say.
William Plummer: Yes. Seth, I'd rather not get into 2012. We'll update as we get a little closer, get through our planning process and have a better sense of where we're going to fall on certain key decisions like the amount of fleet spend, for example. So because that number is so sensitive to different decisions, let's leave it until we get into 2012 in more detail.
William Plummer: Well, we haven't given an explicit number. I think it's fair to say that if you use -- you can back into it fairly closely, Seth, if you use something like 48% of OEC as the used sales activity where we'll end up on used sales activity. So that will tell you how to translate proceeds into OEC and then we've given you the gross CapEx and that will tell you the used OEC sold and you can back in to a number from that.
William Plummer: Yes, just to remind you, last year, third quarter, our utilization was 71.3%. Fourth quarter, it was 69.3%. So those were, as we pointed out, records for those quarters in the history of the company. And we're just mindful that we are comping against records last year, along with the other factors that Mike mentioned.
William Plummer: So I wouldn't say that there's anything that gives us concern about the second half. We are mindful of the fact that the second half last year, in addition to being strong utilization environment, was a strong rate environment for us. We had rates marching up continuously through the second half last year and so the comps do get tougher just as a matter of history. So that's what we're thinking about. We know that we've got to continue to manage rate higher in the third and fourth quarter in order to preserve that 5.2% that we got year-to-date. And we're confident that we can do that. The question becomes, how much more than that can you do? We feel good about the environment. Could it be better? As Mike said, yes, it could be better but it's hard to say right here and now that we want to put a lot more, especially for the full year, right? Because you got to drag the average that you've already achieved higher if you're going to raise the full year average outlook. So we're being what we think of us as observant of what the market is today and how we'd have to perform compared to last year in order to raise that rate outlook anymore than where it is.
William Plummer: Yes, Henry, that's a very common way to approach it. It's one that make sense. You would want -- we're getting a lot of feedback on the call here. You would want to hold the equipment through the peak season, if you can. And then get rid of it when it normally would be coming off rent anyway. So if this year will be back-end loaded, as many years are, back-end loaded in our used sales activity to reflect that.
William Plummer: Well, we certainly will love to take more synergies out of Venetor and GulfStar as we proceed with the integration and to the extent that we do that, it could be better than the full year guidance. The full year result could be better than the guidance range that we've given. If you look within the quarters, it's a harder thing to judge, right? I think we've said before, flow-through will vary from quarter-to-quarter, and so it's harder to say what the impact of Venetor or GulfStar might be on flow-through overall in the third quarter. As we sit here today, flow-through in the third quarter could be a touch lower again than the range that we've given for the full year. It's hard to say because that flow-through calculation is so sensitive. Our year-over-year total revenue increase in the second quarter, for example, was what, $72 million. In order to impact flow-through by a point, that's only $700,000 worth of change in expense. That's not a lot of money. So that's the kind of variation that we're trying to manage through and that's why we're reluctant to give more specific guidance on a quarterly basis on a measure like flow-through. But for the full year, we feel like we've got leverage that we can pull to make it happen at the 62% to 67% range that we're talking about.
William Plummer: Really, it's just -- I don't know what you put it down to maybe it's nervousness on the part our CFO but these are pretty heady rate moves and it's hard to write down on a piece of paper that I expect to see year-over-year rate increases at 7-plus percent like we have in the month of June. So I'll take a little bit of the heat for maybe not being able as aggressive on rate as some other people could be but it's something that we're being very conscious of. The other thing I'd point out is that we want to make sure that the rate that we realized out of the market is supported by the services that we offer to our clients, it's supported by the fleet we have available for them and it's supported by the whole strategy behind operation United. And as we get assurance on our ability to serve, we have no hesitation about pushing rate. We just want to make sure we're doing it in the context of our strategy.
