Matthew Flannery: Sure, Steve. So actually, no, we don't feel that way about the first quarter CapEx, certainly wasn't any kind of designed outcome to temper the CapEx, for lack for a better word. It was about from our original guidance. So let's not include the 100 that we just upped for the Yak deal. It was about 17% of our -- at the midpoint of our guidance.  So it's about -- we always say we're going to get back to normal cadence, probably about anywhere from 15% to 20% in Q1. You can expect us to do somewhere between 35% to 40% in Q2, somewhere in the 30s in Q3 and then whatever balance in Q4. I think what it really points to, as opposed in the last couple of years, with the supply chain about mostly repaired, we no longer need to front-load Q1 and we could bring in the capital back to a, let's call it, a pre-COVID cadence, and that's how we view that.  As far as for the rest of the year, we reaffirmed our guidance and actually upped it, considering the opportunity to invest more and grow Yak. So we don't feel at all like we're going to move down our CapEx. It's pretty much reaffirmed the guidance across the board just with the addition of the Yak revenue and the Yak CapEx needs. 
Matthew Flannery: Well, so first off, this is something that we've been building that's focused on this vertical as far back as 2016. So this is anything new for us. And it's now over 10% of our business. So this is a big segment and a big focus for us. But you can imagine, whether it's traditional power, right, T&D work generating, whether it's alternative power, right?  We've been playing in this space for a while. And then when you tap on top of that, the need for all the data centers and all the opportunities here for growth, even before we start really accelerating the transmission work that's needed and building out the grid for all the needs as we continue to electrify specifically in the EV space. We think this has got growth well beyond 2024, and this is one of the tailwinds that we're focused on. Ted, I don't know if you have anything to add. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Clay. So we don't actually set targets nor do we even set plans or budgets for M&A, right? That's just a belief of ours that I think that could force people to feel the need to do M&A, and we're actually very opportunistic here. But to be clear, we work the pipeline regularly. And we have a robust pipeline. We really have a lean towards things that you just saw us execute on, like, Yak, where we can add new products that we think we could be a better owner of by significantly growing them when we introduce them into our network.  So that would be the real gems in the pipeline. But we don't really have anything imminent that we would forecast other than we continue to work the pipeline. And when we find the right partner, that meets all of our 3 strategic criteria as well as getting to the financial output, we will act. So stay tuned. We're working on the pipeline, but we don't have a plan or a budgeted number that we feel we need to meet. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So as you can imagine, before we pay the deal, we did a lot of modeling and sensitivity modeling, and we feel really good about the opportunity. And one of the opportunities might actually be lengthening the life of the asset. It doesn't really take a lot for it to have a meaningful impact, but that's not even required for us to comfortably clear our hurdle rates on this deal. So we really like the returns on this business. . We think we can double the size of this business in the next 5 years. So this is very much like what we did in mobile storage with the general finance deal. When we took a leader in that space and integrated it into our network, we were able to grow it significantly. And we see this as very similar. And the margins are strong. The team is really strong. We've got a lot of experience on that team. So we feel good about it, including the returns. 
Matthew Flannery: Yes, exactly. So we view anything that's temporary on a project or on a plant as a potential right of way for us, right? So anything that doesn't stay with the fixed plant is, by definition, an opportunity for us to serve the customer. And we've continued to expand upon that.  So we don't talk about publicly what those other products could be because for obvious competitive reasons, and we don't want to create expectations without having the right partner, but that's how we see it. Even expanding our product line in existing business, whether it be more power in HVAC or chillers or spot coolers in that business or some of the flooring additions that we've been to our GenRent business or the pickup trucks that we put into our business, we also expand the offering to whatever the customer needs. And that's really our focus on this towards this one-stop shop value prop that we offer is continuing to expand those problems that we can solve for our customers. 
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Knock on wood, we haven't had to talk about weather in a while. I think maybe even since Harvey -- Hurricane Harvey. But we -- certainly, you all follow. There are some markets that were more impacted than others, but it's not something that we call out. This is the great part of the diversification of our business, both by product and geography. There's really nothing that we would call out as an impact, and that's why we're very pleased that we're able to reaffirm our guidance just with the addition of Yak over and above. So the year played out as expected, and I wouldn't call out any weather constraints, Stanley. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So it played out as expected for us, quite frankly. When we came out in January, I went out a little further than I usually would because we don't like to forecast these individual metrics and certainly not the overall component. But we said we'd have positive fleet productivity each quarter in the year. And we still expect that to play out that way. When I think about, I'll tell you, I won't tell you quantitatively to your point, but qualitatively, we talked about if we could replicate the time utilization that we had in 2023 and do that in 2024, we feel good about that. So I would call time, as expected, neutral. And then we still believe that it's a constructive rate environment, and we're pleased to see that it played out that way. And that the discipline in the industry, I think you'll hear that from the rest of our public companies in the space as well, that rate will help overcome any inflationary issues that we have.  And then specifically in this quarter, we had a small little improvement in -- from the Yak acquisition, and we'll see that as we go forward. That will play out a little bit more as we go forward in the rest of the year, and we'll communicate that each quarter. 
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean we did expect slower growth. As you could imagine, the GenRent business versus the specialty business, the growth -- the headroom for specialty was much greater. And probably more importantly, the specialty business has a great opportunity with large customers and large projects to cross-sell into some of those that weren't using these products. So we called out specifically the double-digit growth in every one of our specialty segment product lines, which was great.  And in the GenRent side, I would just say, as expected, that we talked about in January, just more disbursement than we've had historically. The good news is, we put the fleet in the places that we needed it, where the opportunity was the best and a lot of those are driven by some large projects as well. And we're going to make sure that we win with those customers. Those are choices that we make, and we got the fleet in the right places, and that's why we're able to drive good fleet productivity. 
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator. And to everyone on the call, we appreciate it. I'm glad you could join us today. And just to remind everybody, our Q1 investor deck is on our site with its latest updates. And as always, Elizabeth is available to answer your questions. So I look forward to talking to you all in July. Until then, please stay safe. Operator, you can now end the call. 
