William Plummer: Thanks, David. I guess I’d point out that if we spend let’s say $1.650 billion again in ’15, we’re still growing the fleet, right? That’s still mid to upper single digits growth on the fleet overall and if you layer on top of that a little bit of improvement in utilization, that’s a nice level of growth -- basis for growth even before you get any rental rate increases on top of it. So I guess I wouldn’t despair of growth in 2015 with that level of capital spend and what we want to do is to make sure that we’re leveraging the capital we already have plus any new capital that we spend as much as we can. And so we balanced it maybe a little more toward profitability improvement and return improvement than some would like, but I think it’s going to really bear fruit as we go down the road in improving the returns and profitability of our business.
William Plummer: So I’ll leave the exact margin numbers to your imagination, but I think it’s fair to say that they continue to improve throughout the timeframe that we’re talking about here. Yes, as you look further out we probably would add a little bit more growth CapEx beyond ’15. I’m talking a little bit more in CapEx assuming the market continues to move positively just to sustain a decent level of growth for the business overall. Incremental margins as we go forward, again as the modeling exercise right now I’d say just keep using 60%, the number right around 60%. That’s probably a fair way to think about incremental margins going out.
William Plummer: Ted, I always hesitate to say things are conservative, but that improvement that we’ve talked about is not huge and particularly should be gauged on what the market is doing, but also on what we’re doing inside the company. Lean initiatives that we’re implementing could give us the opportunity to do better than that. I certainly wouldn’t go lower than $0.03 improvement in 2014. If you’re having a problem reconciling something, then -- and if increasing the year-over-year improvement in utilization helps you reconcile, then if I were in your shoes I’d probably advice to bump it up.Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group: And so if you roll that forward to David’s question and you’re in a flat CapEx environment in ’15, can you talk about where you think you ultimately can get some utilization too over the next -- I guess whatever is embedded in page 52 in the return profile.
William Plummer: I would broadly characterize it as a mixture of both. We had carryover that was somewhere between 2% and 2.5% just coming in and certainly the market helped carry us up to the 4.2% that we realized for the full year. But we’re very focused on making sure that we manage rental rate actively. So it’s hard to separate it out and say half of it is from this and half of it is from that or 30%, 70%. That’s a very difficult split to make, but I do think that both are contributing and both will continue to contribute as we go forward. And in fact if the market accelerates as many forecasts has it doing in ’14 and ’15, then you would think the share from market dynamics gets greater and we can continue to drive the specific rate management initiatives that we have and we hopefully can realize even better than the 4.2% that we got in ’13.Steven Fisher – UBS Investment Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. And then on sales of used equipment, is that more a pool where clients are coming in specifically looking to buy used equipment or a push where you’re diverting people to used equipment? I’m just curious wondering what your interpretation of increasing used equipment sales does to that market conditions.
William Plummer: Just to add to that, we’re hiring dedicated sales reps and focusing them on different regions around the globe. We know that there has been the demand for our equipment offshore. We’ve just been reaching it through brokers and we think there’s an opportunity for us to do a direct sale. We’ve got a focused effort as Mike said and we expect that to continue to support our focus on driving used sales through our direct channels and realizing the benefit thereof.
Michael Kneeland: David, I just want to add two other things to that that Bill highlighted on and I agree with what Bill said. These other avenues that -- we’re taking off a lean process. We changed our processes to figure out how we can make sure that we can grow our revenues by expanding our time utilization and also getting our OEC not available down. So that to us is also another way in which we can get that trap cash and have it start working for us.David Raso – ISI Group Inc.: And related to this, on page 52 the bridge to the higher returns speak to 6% growth in rental CapEx per year. So it is safe to assume trying to model out a few years there’s going to be some growth in CapEx even if you flatten out in ’15 to hit this 10.8% hurdle for return assume there’s some pickup in CapEx if you look further out. And what are the EBIDTDA margins that are baked into this return analysis on page 52? Just so I can get a feel structurally where you think the incremental margins are from here to there, call it 2017. 
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. I’ve always said this, that there’s a lot of opportunities and growth opportunities out there. We’re in a position where we don’t have to do anything to execute our strategy of going profitable. We always have a hurdle; I’ll just say simple hurdles. We call it the three legged stool around here, the strategic fit. Financially does it make sense from the benefits we yield and a cultural fit. I would say that the bar has been raised and will remain high on those three hurdles and we’ll have a very disciplined approach. We’ve had opportunities and we passed on. So could it be something in the strategic or in the specialty side? I mentioned that we’re looking at both organic and inorganic ways of growing that business. Could it? I don’t know, but rest assured the bar is high and it has to hit those three hurdles.Ross Gilardi – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just wondering if you could comment what you’re seeing out of the major OEM dealerships with respect to rental. Clearly the rental channel is growing very fast. Your average OEM dealership amongst the majors is not seeing that level of growth right now. So are you seeing the OEMs respond aggressively by adding more to the rental fleet? Any color there would be helpful.
Michael Kneeland: I would also add that most of the OEMs he’s talking about from a dealership standpoint would be earth moving and that is an area of our sector that we have grown. We’ll continue to invest in, but the heavy side of it is something that we’re not --- we have a big footprint on. So they may expand their rental portfolio, but it’s probably going to be within their core competency. 
Michael Kneeland: I’ll take the high level and the detail on retail I’ll give over to Matt. So let me just say that within our investor presentation, I think it’s page 12 we have our customer survey. This survey that we just performed in December comes at the strongest results that we’ve ever seen. We only have 2% of the more than 228 customers we surveyed. Let’s see, 2014 going down. 98% see 2014 going up or equal to 2013. So that’s probably one of the strongest results that we’ve seen since we started this survey process. From an external data, we do listen and we talk to and follow the global insight. We follow obviously the GDP. The ABI index I know there’s some -- I guess some questions about the ABI.  The one thing I would just ask anyone to take a look at, if you go back to 2010, we had nine months that were negative and 2011 we had five months that were negative. In 2012 we had four months and then last year 2013 we only had three months. So you can see that trend continues to improve which goes back to our comments, you don’t see this as being a hockey stick, but a gradual improvement and I think that’s playing out. All indications are for all external resources that private non-res is starting to come back. Again we don’t see it being a very -- a big uptick or a hockey stick, very gradual. So I’ll shift over to Matt and let him talk from a regional perspective.
Michael Kneeland: Ted, this is Mike. And I’ve said this before both on the road and what not. In my 35, 36 years in the industry I would have told you that where we stood being around 70 would be probably a threshold. Having said that and gone through the kaizen event which I actually spent a week out on the road in Atlanta, it opened my eyes as it did the management that there is opportunities to exceed that. We are putting in investment to roll out 200 branches this year in our largest key areas to touch them to roll out our lean process. It’s hard to quantify right here and now. We’ll update as we go forward, but I would tell you that I can see areas where we can do over 70%. How far up between 70? I don’t know right here and now, but I can tell you that it can go up. The headwind we would only have, as we grow the specialty side of the business, that’s a business that time utilization is not really a big component to get those returns. But I can tell you that intentionally we’ve got it baked in there’s going to be higher time utilization opportunities. 
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Right now that whole channel market is really a collection of various brokers and then it goes through the auction channel. We’re establishing specific areas where we think that there’s growth opportunity in foreign environments that would benefit. We’ve made sales. We continue to make sales. We’ve had used sales that go overseas and we’re expanding on that by building new relationships in a much broader base. We want to make sure that it’s an avenue or a channel. As we grow, we’re going to be -- we are the largest producers of used equipment, quality used equipment and we think it’s prudent for us to think through that growth down the pike and we are putting a capital investment and they’re yielding benefits from the records already.
Michael Kneeland: No. again as I outlined, the pattern from 2010 to 2013, we’ve had less and less negativity. It goes back to I don’t see this being a hockey stick. I see this as a gradual improvement. I think that we’ll have to see how 2014 plays out. My sense is that we’ll still have a positive outcome. Nothing’s changed in my mind. I expect some volatility or some changes between month to month. If you go back, you had four months in 2012, consecutive months. But yet 2013 was a pretty good year for everybody. So again it continued to trend. Overall trend continues to improve and we had a diversified portfolio, about 50-50 industrial and then construction. So I think we’re well positioned.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, Operator. I just want to tell everybody that first and foremost, thank you for joining us today. I urge you to get the latest presentation on our investor website. It’s been completely refreshed and a lot of new content. I think you’ll find it most intriguing and helpful. We also launched our first national advertising campaign this week and customers will see a powerful message about our commitment to their success and you can watch the commercials on our website as well. If you have any additional questions or have any opportunities to visit any of our branches, please reach out to Fred Bratman. And as always, we look forward to the next quarter call. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Ross. This is Matt. We haven’t seen a major expansion there maybe. Any growth at all would be significant because most of the OEMs don’t have large rental fleets. I think their participation selling into the rental channel will continue and I think -- as I think about our top vendors, it’s already a large part of their business and maybe some of the next tier vendors for us might get more into the rental channel. I don’t anticipate dramatic changes in any of those results.
Matthew Flannery: Ted, just to add a little bit more; the improvement in utilization that we assume on the RIC Bridge Slide 52 obviously doesn’t get you there. It doesn’t get you to 70% if you just had 20 basis points a year over even five years. So we are putting in a number there for discussion purposes. To Mike’s point, the opportunities will play out as they play out. We’re optimistic on our ability to drive utilization. And so we certainly feel like there’s an opportunity -- relative to Slide 52 there’s an opportunity for us there.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Steven. This is Matt. It’s definitely a focus for us pushing our reps to participate more in retail sales. But I don’t think that’s converting people from rental to own. As a matter of fact every other metric that we measure in our business and with our existing customers tells you otherwise. I think folks were buying through other channels and we just needed to brand ourselves and position our self as a leader in used equipment opportunities for our customer base. So it’s really just selling into our existing customer base who are also growing their rentals at the same time. As their demand picks up, it will continue to grow both the rental and the used equipment side.Steven Fisher – UBS Investment Bank: Okay. It can coexist. That's great.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Nicole. It’s Matt. Actually when you look from a year-over-year perspective, you’re not going to get -- we don’t anticipate getting major swings within that 4% guidance. If we’ve got upside then you’ll see more swings in Qs 2 and 3 as our peak demand period let’s say May through October is where our opportunity to get sequential improvement always lie. But from a year-over-year perspective, although there’s a choppiness in comps, we’re not forecasting or planning for anything more than 10 or 20 bps of variance quarter-to-quarter.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. We have -- once we’ve got to our fourth quarter run rate, we feel very comfortable that we’ve achieved our $50 million EBITDA goal. Remember that that’s an EBITDA goal, not a rent revenue goal of our revenue synergies and that is net. The (inaudible) synergy that we had of almost $40 million early on during the integration from the store closures, it’s mostly been driven by cross selling of our specialty products, in Trench, Power/HVAC as well as cross selling the total control solution service that we got with the RSC acquisition. So we feel comfortable that we’ve achieved our revenue synergy. We’ll build it into our plans. As a matter of fact it’s built into our guidance going forward and we’re excited that we reconnected with the local customer base. When you look inside, just to give a little color, when you look inside the customer base numbers, our unassigned accounts which was the area that we lost the local customers when we closed those stores, we put over 100 more sales reps on the streets to reconnect with those customers and when you look at our fourth quarter results, those customers grew at 12.6%. So we’re encouraged that we recaptured those lost synergies. That was -- the leak in the bucket was really our largest concern and we’re feeling good with that.
Matthew Flannery: Neil, this is Matt. We don’t want to speak specifically about any customer segment. I would say that broadly all of our customer sets are routinely under review. We did go through a major contract harmonization as you all know during the integration. That’s 100% complete and now will just be part of our regular negotiation cycle with our contractual accounts specifically and they’ll mostly be in the first quarter. It varies by customer and some of them are actually quite rigorous and long negotiations and contractually obligated or done through an RFQ system. but overall we don’t see a lot of variability within customer sets and I think you’ll see a similar result within all our customer sets that we had guided to that I answered when Nicole asked the question about seasonality. 
