William B. Plummer: Seth, I guess, maybe what I can usefully say is a comment about the full year rather than the quarter-by-quarter. I think you remember we said back in January, that we expected the full year mix impact to be something like 1.5% on the full year. I think it's fair to say now that the mix will be a little bit more than that, more of a headwind than that during the course of the year. It'll be less than it was last year. I think it was 5.1% last year so somewhere between 5.1% and 1.5% is where we'll end up over the course of the year. And I'll leave it to your own imagination as to how you parse that out across the quarters. But that's the overall mix, by the way. That's including all of the effects. The $10 million that I gave here was just the day, week and month component of mix. And you got to make sure that you make that distinction. But overall, we think it'll be something a little bit more negative than 1.5% but less negative than 5.1%.
William B. Plummer: I'd rather not. We get that granular on the timing of free cash flow through the quarter. The $600 million, if we deliver that and if you assume that we have a payables, payable terms with our vendors, that they're somewhere in the 60-day area, that can give you a rough idea of the impact that we will see in the second quarter. So I'll stop there, Seth.
William B. Plummer: The workday impact is in revenue as well, and so we just think it's a more fair representation the way that I described it.
William B. Plummer: You should. 2Q workdays are flat year-over-year, so I don't expect that there'll be much of an impact from working days certainly in the second quarter.
William B. Plummer: We don't recall what the full year comparison of workdays is. You can count your calendar as well as I can.
William B. Plummer: Yes, that's not something that we've done historically, Joe, so let's not break new precedents right now. We'll give some thought about whether we should say more about that as the specialty business grows in scale.
William B. Plummer: It's a nontrivial contributor to growth. But we are also very, very keenly focused on growing just in and of itself. So we've had close starts that we've opened that really weren't driven by displacing re-rents. We have had investment in the fleet that's above and beyond what was needed to displace re-rents in a very significant way. So I don't know what the percentage mix would be, but I would say most of the growth is coming from our focus on driving the business more so than displacing re-rents.
William B. Plummer: Sure thing, Ted. If you take the $53 million, $24 million of that was cost of rent saves and the remainder $29 million was SG&A saves.
William B. Plummer: So, Ted, I don't have the detail and you don't have the patience for me to go through every department line. But we do break down our synergies by functional department at corporate and by the SG&A roles in the field. And it's really too much detail to go through. And quite honestly, I don't know that it adds a lot of value for discussion. If there are specific areas that you're interested in, I guess we can talk about them broadly. But we don't have a sort of a useful digestible summary to talk about right here and now.
William B. Plummer: Yes. So I mean, I think it's items like that we look at and we say, "Okay, a lot of headwind in the first quarter." But as we see the quarters play out, that will reduce as we go through the year.
William B. Plummer: Ross, we don't think about it as a target that we would hit before we do an acquisition. I think Mike articulated how we think about the acquisitions earlier. If we line up those 3 criteria, strategy, economic attractiveness and sort of culture integration risk, and we can rationalize that we're not putting ourselves in a significantly disadvantageous leverage position, we won't shy away from doing acquisitions that make sense. That said, the hurdle is pretty high. And we think we've been pretty disciplined about when we do, do acquisitions in the past, and we'll continue to be disciplined going forward. So I don't know that there is a litmus test of leverage that would say, yes or no, we'll do an acquisition. It just depends on what the opportunity is that's in front of us. That said, we do have an overall strategy on the balance sheet in terms of leverage of being between 2.5x and 3.5x debt to EBITDA. We'll be at 3x by the end of this year, and that gives us plenty of room to do acquisitions and still be true to that approach to the balance sheet.
William B. Plummer: Yes, I'd say most of the SG&A saves happened early on. Right? Most of them came in the form of headcount actions and other actions that you can just do and be done with, and so I would say they did not accelerate. The one SG&A item that maybe got a little better this quarter is the impact on our bad debt expense. But the other SG&A items, I don't think you could say accelerated in any significant way during the quarter. It's the operating, the expense saves, the cost of rent saves that will build -- will continue to build to take us up to the fully developed impact that we talked about, $230 million to $250 million annualized. So that's the way I'd think about it. But in terms of the first quarter, SG&A, they built but it wasn't a major ramp-up, if I remember the numbers correctly.
William B. Plummer: It's the corporate overhead, it's the field overhead, those areas combine. The other efficiencies are primarily operating and procurement saves. So in that breakdown that we gave you, the SG&A stuff is those 2 overhead slices.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. And that is -- it's organic. What we've got in there is baked into our plan. We are going to be opening up some locations in all 3 segments: Trench, Power, HVAC; and also in our tools, which is all organic. We haven't baked in any assumptions for acquisitions at this point.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, Joe, this is Mike. I would say that's exactly right. I mean, we went to the harmonization of contracts. And keep in mind, with RSC, it wasn't something they promoted because they didn't have it. We do. We're cross-selling it, and we are pursuing it across a broader footprint. For an example, like the tools that they -- that RSC had, we're now replicating that across our broad footprint, and we've seen significant growth. And we're going to continue to support that growth as we go forward. So to me, it was the best of both worlds and where we can capture a lot of the synergies down the road. And again, it's profitable and it's part of our strategy to help untangle our customers.
Michael J. Kneeland: I would say that is growing. Certainly, it's growing on a year-over-year basis. As you know that the residential market is starting to heal. That's going to add to the to that mix and something we don't participate in. But inside of that, what we're trying to articulate is that the localized customers takes a lot more touches. And we -- and it's feeder based. There are very attractive customers inside of that group that we'd like to hold on to. And as we went through the integration, we wanted to make sure that we stabilized and captured our most profitable customers and get everyone on the same page. And as Matt stated earlier, we're now pivoting and going after what we believe inside of that group is profitable. And typically, small-end projects are going to ramp up quicker, and you're going to see higher results sooner. It takes a while to plan for a convention center or a sports stadium or a hotel or a power plant. It doesn't happen overnight. Whereas if you want to do spot remodeling or do some landscaping, that's real time and doesn't take a lot of effort to get that up and running. So some of it may be phased in over time. But we think our end market, given what we're seeing in the ABI Index, is going to provide very nice growth in the future.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I think that there was some pruning on our part. Clearly, as we went through and consolidated our locations, there was a component of walk-in business that we knew we weren't going to retain. So that's something that we willing to sacrifice as we went forward. As you know, part of our strategy is that longer-term customer to benefit from our broad footprint and more of the regional and national account. 11.5% growth in the key account, I would tell you we think that we're outperforming the market. So could they in certain markets? Yes, absolutely. At the results of our closures, that could be had. There again, on rental rates, we want to make sure that we're getting the right return for our business. And that's an area that -- everyone's raising their rates. But we believe our rates, according to the Rouse data, is primarily one of the highest, if not the highest, according to their market survey. So in those areas, yes, you're going to expect some leakage.
Michael J. Kneeland: Again, I go back to my fundamentals of why you would do an acquisition. One would be, strategically, does it make sense? So strategically, is it in a market we don't serve? Is it a product we don't serve? Do they have a heavier component and, say, earthmoving than we don't have today? Is it something more industrial? Is it more related to the power HVAC tools or the trench business, so that we can broaden our footprint quicker and get a higher return? That would be one. So strategically, that -- it has to fit that bucket. The other bucket would be is, economically, does it make sense? Is there enough synergies? Can we buy it in a point where it makes sense to our shareholders? And then the last one is going to be culture. There are companies that answer the first 2 but the cultures are so different. It's very hard to blend cultures that are miles apart, and it's fraught with risk. So we tend to look at all 3 of those as we think about acquisitions.
Michael J. Kneeland: I always get that question, and I answer it by saying that North America's still the largest market. We're still in the teens when it comes to market share. We still have ways to go to fully integrate the acquisition. And as I mentioned, there are segments like the power HVAC tools and trench that we can integrate with our current customer portfolio. That being said, we do have customers who have been knocking on our door, asking us to go because of our value proposition. When we think that we've exhausted our opportunities here and our customers, the valuation to our customers is so great. I think that we'll have to look at it. But right here and now, North America's still the largest opportunity.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, Matt can talk specifically. But typically, the industrial is a -- has -- there's 2 ways of looking at it. There's shutdowns, which are planned, and then there's new construction. We do know there's a lot of new construction that is planned. We're seeing an insurgence of chemical companies. We're seeing automotive expansion not only in the big 3, but also in foreign investment. We're seeing expansion in other areas. It takes time to get them up and running. It's good -- we're happy to say that the book of business that we see is relatively strong in that segment, but there is a phase-in effect. The way I look at it is you see residential grow. You're going to see smaller construction grow. And then you start seeing commercial, which requires engineering and drawings and a process for bidding, grow. And then you see the industrial grow as well.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I will tell you that one of the things that we learn in the best-in-class with RSC was they were very good at not available for rent. They did a system called Spin. We have workbench. We're a combination of 2. We're rolling that out. What does it benefit or how does it benefit us with $7.2 billion of fleet? If we can take that down and get 2 points of fleet that's available for rent and put it out on rent, that's a sizable amount of cash. And so it helps our returns. And so again, it's part of that best-in-class practice that we learned. We're implementing it, and we're rolling it out throughout the organization.
Michael J. Kneeland: So George, we haven't published a number. But as we think about the revenue synergies drivers, we've made some good progress in areas like displacing re-rents. That's been an important revenue synergy driver, and we do track it. We've made some important progress in the harmonization of contracts between the legacy RSC contracts and the legacy United Rentals, where that work is essentially done. A few lingering contracts are out there yet to be finalized but essentially done. And we can track the changes in rate and other terms from the old contracts to the new and identify revenue synergies from those changes. And there are several others that we track. The challenge we have in putting a number out there is that the revenue dis-synergies that occur are hard to quantify. Really hard to say what did I lose as a result of the integration of our 2 companies. So one concrete example is we closed a lot of branches as part of the consolidation work. Exactly how much walk-in business did I lose that hasn't come back yet? That's very hard to put a number on. And so we're spending a lot of time thinking about how we should think about that dis-synergy offset to the revenue synergies that are reasonably straightforward to calculate before we start talking about a concrete number.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I would say is where we're spending capital, as you can imagine, is in the power HVAC and in the tools section and also trench as we continue to feed the growth that we're seeing in those markets. But beyond that, I think it's going to be pretty much the same of what you've seen in the past.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, the power HVAC is different than the small generators. It's really a larger-sized generator. It's more of a system than just a generator. So what's driving it for us is we said the harmonization that we have with the contracts that opens the doors where typically the requirements were met by third party. But also, we can now pursue that, and we can pursue it with confidence that we can get more of that business. And in fact, we are. So we're continuing to do that greenfield starts by expanding our portfolio so that we can serve those customers is another avenue. On the tools side, it's really -- it's a whole new system of rolling it out. United Rentals is very good in larger construction projects, whereas RSC was very good in the industrial side. So taking that tool opportunity and deploying that into some of our larger customers. And it's a benefit for them. We're solving it. It's a solution to a problem. It's efficient. We're in, we're out, and we can track everything. So those -- the growth on that is really opening the eyes and cross-selling across our portfolio of customers and our geographic footprint.
Michael J. Kneeland: As far as -- it's harder to quantify that, number one. Number two, I would just say that the monthly rates take time because we have contracts that are outstanding. And as they come off rent, you can re-class them and come out with a higher rate. It's safe to say that our monthly rates continue to improve as we would expect. And as Bill mentioned, to the harmonization was also an uplift that we've seen. We continue -- the day and week, the day is more spot and weekly is less so between the 2. We have the system in place that monitors it, and it enables us to manage it very efficiently. And so I don't know if there's -- if I perfectly answered your question. But the monthly continues to improve.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Please be sure to go on to our website and download the latest presentation. There are a few extra slides in there that I think you'll find useful. And as always, please feel free to call us in Greenwich if you want to discuss anything more in detail or if you'd like to take a branch tour at one of our locations throughout North America. Again, thank you, and look forward to our next call.
Matthew J. Flannery: So this is Matt, Scott. Primarily, this will be local reps. We feel very comfortable with the output from our strategic account managers and that part of our sales team. We just want to -- and this has been built into our plan. We just want to pivot from the integration period where we were stabilizing and really focused on harmonizing contracts and all the things that went with our sales efforts last year and pivot to growth mode. There's a portion of these sales reps that's more R&D. But as we continue to grow in 2014 and beyond, we think it's appropriate to add to our sales force to help facilitate that growth.
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, I don't want to point to a specific region. But I will say, we all know where the weather-related markets are in the Northeastern half of the continent, in the Midwest as well. So that's where our issues were. To be clear, none of the -- some of them were only down by less than half a point. But nonetheless, for transparency, they were negative. We don't expect any of those regions to not show positive year-over-year growth by the end of the year.
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, I agree with Mike. It also gives us an opportunity to maybe push limits of our peak time utilization during peak periods. Because if we're able to turn fleet quicker, we can say yes to more customers.
Matthew J. Flannery: So as far as from a cost prospective, that employee base is 80%, plus variable, so -- and we have it built into our plan. I think we had 130 additional reps built into our plan, and we may peak out at 150. So that variance of 20 reps is not going to be material. And as far as revenue, we're really expecting to hope to see that in the back half the year and more importantly, in 2014 and beyond. Part of adding these new reps is an R&D project. We went to home-grow a lot of these reps. And we think that by bringing in new talent not just to the company, but to the industry, we could really get some long-term positive effects from that.
Matthew J. Flannery: I think that the demand that we're seeing early here in the second quarter, I would characterize as strong. I would feel that we've had a great first 2 weeks to the quarter, right on plan. But this is the normal seasonal build that we expect in the strong environment, and I do feel we're in that strong environment. I wouldn't really call it pent-up. I think the major projects that would create that demand, as Mike had stated earlier, really need a lot more planning than to get too far thrown off tilt by 2 or 3 weeks of bad weather. We -- I hope to see that maybe in that unassigned, and that's why we want to make sure we're touching those customers, more of the small projects that we didn't see kick off in Q1. It'd be nice to see that pick up and that would be a surprise. But other than that, I wouldn't see a pent-up demand effect.
Matthew J. Flannery: So as we depicted about our $1.5 billion gross capital spend and what does that add, almost $500 million to our fleet, we feel that, that's a consistent growth pattern for us over the next couple of years. We're not seeing anybody work above that pattern that concerns us, specifically in the local markets. We're seeing some fleet replacement, which is great to see. A lot of people have been conserving capital over the last couple of years. But we're not seeing any ultra-aggressive growth in any of our individual markets that shows new players coming in.
