William B. Plummer: Seth, it's Bill. We haven't given a number for 2014. What we said is that we'll make a nice down payment on that $100 million run rate impact. We certainly think that anybody who saw the number would agree that it would be a nice down payment, but that's as far as we've gone.
William B. Plummer: You know, we're just starting to roll out the program, so logically it has to be more backend weighted. But I think we expect that it will build nice momentum as we get into the second half. I'd remind you also that it is built into the guidance that we've given, right. The assumption that we have for how much, we did put in. So it's not something that we are keeping in our back pocket, it's out there in the guidance.
William B. Plummer: I'm not ready to say that just yet, Seth. I think what we need to do is to make sure that we've got a handle on all the components that will impact pull-through next year. We certainly over the longer haul think that 60% is a good way to think about things. This could be a way to get higher flow-through, but it's maybe what we need to do in order to get to the 60% consistently. So, let us reserve comment on 2015's pull-through until we get a little closer.
William B. Plummer: Before we go to the next question, I just wanted to correct one thing I said on our outlook for the full year. The total revenue range will be $5.45 billion at the bottom, $5.65 billion at the top. I think I misstated that previously. I just wanted to get it straight. So, operator, next question.
William B. Plummer: There's not a magic number on utilization where we would say, it's time to spend some more. I think it's fair to say that we have an ongoing conversation about how much we spend daily, and the question is, what's the set of circumstances that get us comfortable enough to say, yes, we'll put more fleet into the business. I think it's also fair to say that we probably want to have a good look at how the season is building, and that means that you want to see April, you probably want to see May before you start having any serious conversation about possibly raising CapEx. So, stay tuned. I think we'll talk more about it in the second quarter earnings call and have a tighter view at that point.
William B. Plummer: It's Bill, Phil. Most of it is going to be organic growth. That's the way we're targeting the initiatives for the business. So if there is an acquisition, we'll re-evaluate whether we should raise that target, change that target to add on the acquired growth on top of the organic growth.
William B. Plummer: Yes, I mean that's still in the neighborhood. It might be a touch higher. We put in the investor deck a slide that shows 2.9 at the end of this year. I think as we've gone through some of the refinance actions, as we've gone through finalizing the Pump acquisition and just looking at how the cash flow will play out over the year, it may be just a touch higher but it's still in that neighborhood.
William B. Plummer: Let me go back to Phil's question just real quickly. The 2.7, 2.8 leverage ratio was before Pump. So when you include the acquisition of National Pump, the 2.9 is our view currently of where we'll end the year, just to clarify that.
William B. Plummer: So we don't spend a lot of time thinking about the incrementals by quarter or by half. And so, it's not something that I'm as faceted with the numbers as maybe you are, David. I think as we do think about the full-year, we think that we want to make sure that the 60% or so flow-through that we've been talking about is a high probability, we believe that it is, and there are some things that in the second half may represent a little bit more of a challenge than we saw in the first quarter of the year. So for example, we're going to ramp up our used sales activity. As we add more used sales in the back two quarters of the year, we're going to be adding revenue dollars at something like 50% EBITDA dollars. That will weigh out us a little bit more than it did in that first quarter. I don't see anything in particular that's a concern for the remaining part of the year, but I do think that we want to be a little cautious in terms of how we guide you to think about flow-through. One other thing I'd point to as well is that bad debt expense, it was a very nice experience in the first quarter, $4 million benefit year-over-year. As we think about the full-year, we don't expect to see that kind of a benefit in every quarter this year. We're doing a lot of good work around bad debt to reduce the amount of aged receivables but as we sit here today we're not forecasting that benefit to continue at the level that it started out the year. So, it's things like that that as we think through the remainder of the year in more detail, we say let's just make sure that we've got a handle on it before we get too aggressive in where we're going to end up for the full year.
William B. Plummer: I think it's fair to say that we think about it more of it is what it is. We certainly are going to push rate. We think that we've got an opportunity. Whether we'd actually be able to execute and get better than the above 4% rate that we are talking about, we'll see how it plays out as the year goes on. Let me go back to the first quarter flow-through, that 87% was really aided by a few things, and if you take out the bad debt, if you take out the impact of those one-offs that we had last year, and if you restate used sales revenue to the same level as we had last year, so by taking out those special items that I mentioned earlier, that drops that flow-through down into the high 60s, low 70s kind of area. So, it's those kind of things that we look at and we say, okay, let's just make sure that we've got a good handle on things before we start changing and raising our guidance on EBITDA or flow-through or any of the other measures.
William B. Plummer: Nick, it's Bill. So operating from memory here, 55% or so was through our retail channel this year, and so that's still a fairly robust level of retail and that certainly helps support the margin. But we've also been focused on the market which is pretty robust. The pricing was pretty solid. And you combine those two things and it really does help drive the margin. So we'll continue to emphasize our retail channels, continue to try and take out as much of the auction sales as we can, continue to tap into the overall strong market pricing. There is a mix component to our margins on a year-over-year basis as well, right, the mix of units that you sell that can move things around. So that was probably part of what played into the significant increase in margin in this quarter as well, but channel mix and overall price environment were probably the bigger drivers.
William B. Plummer: We are trying to figure that one out ourselves. We have an ongoing dialog with both of the major rating agencies and both regular structured calls that we do on a quarterly basis and also ad hoc calls as things change around acquisitions or any other key items in the business. You'd have to ask Moody's how they are thinking about the rating directly. Our view is that we've delivered a capital structure and approach to managing the business that is pretty robust, but I'd point you to the Moody's folks and ask you to come back and tell me what they say.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. There is a level of transparency that we have with everybody in, and as I mentioned in my opening comments that as we go through the year, we'll be able to communicate more. There are several factors, it's not just the cost initiative, it's also our revenue initiative as well. So we want to be able to quantify and be able to speak clearly to everybody. So, expect to hear more as we go through the year.
Michael J. Kneeland: I will say that I did spend a day out at one of the branch right after we closed and I walked away very excited about the opportunities there ahead of us and also the management that we have brought on board, but I'll ask Matt to speak specifically to your question.
Michael J. Kneeland: I would tell you that when you look at our fleet management process, there's an evolution of the best of both worlds when we went through the RSC transaction. We took some of their operating principles, we took some of our operating principles, we bonded them together and we developed a very disciplined approach in the way in which we are going to apply it, and this is the end result. So, I think that as Matt mentioned, we have the ability to fund pockets where they were needed. Conversely, we didn't put undue pressure in areas where it wasn't required, and I think that will be an ongoing process. As far as our agility to move, it's very difficult to move things from say Canada down to say Florida, but you can sell and you can repurpose that capital. Those are the things that we do and all of these things are how we manage the fleet on a go forward basis. And by the way, it's not just a snapshot of where we are today, we have to think about it, where are we going to be six months to a year down the road because we don't want to be moving this capital on a continuous basis in that format.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. I would tell you that we are clearly focused on integrating the pump business and we've dedicated ourselves to growing our specialty business and we want to grow it, double the size of the business over the next five years. That is our main strategy. With regards to looking at other possibilities, I think it's prudent for us to always look at what the future may bring us and that is a big laundry list. So again, going back to the discipline that we've talked about numerous times, we look at a strategy, we look at the returns and then we also look at the culture, and all of those will always play into our decision-making, but right now we're focused on integrating the pump business and we see a significant upside opportunity for us to – like I said, it's got the hallmarks of a home run and that's what we're focused on.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. Let me just give you a few data points, one of which would be the AGC which is the Associated General Contractors came out with an outlook survey recently and they compared it to 2013 and they broke it down into numerous categories for manufacturing, retail, private office, all the way down through to marine construction. And then after that was they had how were you rating it, expect your dollar, volume or project you complete in 2014 to be either higher, lower or the same. When you aggregate all those numbers, it's a pretty interesting chart that they mapped out where manufacturing, retail, private office, hospital, power, sewer and highway were all double-digit in comparison to 2013. So that would be one data point. The other one would be Global Insight. Global Insight is another one that we work with, particularly with the American Rental Association, and they are seeing spending in commercial construction, office construction, lodging, retail, manufacturing and healthcare. Again, when you compare the two different ones, there are some similarities that kind of all fall altogether. So again, it's not a perfect science, it's another data point that we look at in comparison with [indiscernible] reports and all the other reports that come out. But those are the things that we're seeing as far as our end markets and the optimism in what our customers are telling us.
Michael J. Kneeland: Look, I have learned that my point of view, I look at the next several years. That's probably after that it gets a little foggy. But all indications are, Manish, that when you look at the Global Insight, when you look at some of the other projections that are out there, 2014, '15 and they go into '16, show nice improvement on a year-over-year basis, with 2015 being one of the strongest. I think it really what is, it's convergence of all the projects coming together in 2015. But again '16 and '17, they still remain very positive but not as great as you would see in 2015. All-in, they are looking at about 8% growth from Global Insight, 8.8% CAGR growth, which I think is very respectable, and those are kind of the things that we look at, but for me, I look at the next two years and I say to myself, what is it that's on our plate and what can we focus on, and do I look at the outlook outer years, absolutely, but as we get closer and closer then you get the metrics to come in and you try to validate whether those numbers are going to be plus or minus in any direction.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I just want to remind everybody that we were off to a strong start in 2014. When we look at the demand that we are seeing in almost every one of our markets, the confidence and the field is going upbeat, and you always find the new investor presentation on our Web-site, and as always give us a call here in Stanford if there is something that you want to discuss. And with that, we'll end the call. Thank you very much.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Mike. Hi, Seth. So, we obviously were very excited about the deal before we closed or we wouldn't have made that investment, but we've been even more pleasantly surprised by the reaction from our employees and our customer base. We've had strategy meeting over the last few days where Paul McDonnell and his team leading the specialty business and our national accounts team have been strategizing on cross-sell because the customers are pulling us in immediately. So, once we're all on the same platform, which will happen by the end of the second quarter, that will be even easier to do but we already are working on plans on cross-selling. Our customer base has really received very positively us filling this gap in our product offering.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Jerry. It's Matt. Obviously, we really were focused on not putting any undue pressure on the areas that we're having a bad weather impact, and re-shifting fleet, both new fleet and existing fleet, to the markets where we had opportunities. With that being said, the Midwest had quite a harsh winter and was one of our highest growing region at 18% growth. So there is some of this that's just penetration and the continued growth of the build we've been doing since the integration of RSC. But I would say from a macro perspective broad-based, it was how we managed our opportunities and make sure we funded our opportunities, and the rate impact came as a result of us not putting undue stress on the impacted markets. So, we're very happy with the way the team managed that.
Matthew Flannery: I think Mike covered it well, and I do think more importantly the OEMs are – I think that the combination of the OEM participation and the credit markets are making people to be more responsible than maybe they did going all the way in through 2008 and spending money and OEMs producing a lot of products. So, I think the growth is smooth, steady and appropriate for the level of demand that's out there.
Matthew Flannery: I think the additional good news is that we have broad-based demand now. We got through the winter by maybe being a little more selective about our opportunities, but as a Mike stated in his prepared remarks, we have growth in every region except for one geographically and half of them are double-digit growth. So I don't think we'll be as challenged with where we meet the demand from a rate perspective, it will be which ones we choose to fund at a higher level than others.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Scott, this is Matt. We actually have 153 more field sales reps on a year-over-year basis. So we had 100 for our goal for the second quarter last year but we built that up to 150 throughout the year, and that's where we sit today. We think that's appropriate level for OSRs other than additional reps we may bring in for our 18 cold starts, and you'll see some more there. So, we feel pretty good about the level of our sales team and we've got very good productivity out of them. As you see, our unassigned accounts grew faster than the overall Company growth in the back half of the year and for the first quarter this year, and that was really us reconnecting with some of the business we felt we lost during the RSC integration.
Matthew Flannery: That's a great question. We're having great success. We have a very active recruiting team out on the field that works with the regions. Sales, management, that type of talent is readily available. We've become as we've grown into the largest in the industry quite a big draw in our space. I would say, if there was anything that I worried about long-term, it would just be, like every trade, it would be the technical expertise, but we do a real good job of home-growing that talent and we've invested a lot of money in the last two years in training because we do see that as a longer-term concern about making sure we have got the skilled labor to keep this equipment running. As far as management and sales, we are very, very well set. We're fortunate, Manish, to have low turnover for about the last five years and that's really played into our favor as well. So, I don't think people will be an issue but we are always focused on it.
