Matthew Flannery: So David, you accurately touched on the acquisitions being a little bit of a misnomer to the headline. So you could look at a headline, and I think we even have a slide in the deck where even it looks like it may have flattened out since '14, '15. But when you aggregate the acquisitions that we've done since that period of time, we've acquired almost $3 billion worth of revenue at an average EBITDA of 38%. So I'm actually really pleased that the team was able to keep the high level of margins that we expect while absorbing those.  Now to your question about where future margins could be. Well, the honest answer is it depends on what we acquire and how we grow, like what are the businesses we grow in. But we're much more focused on returns and can we be a better owner. That's why that we can turn that 38% margin into mid-40s because we felt we could be a better owner for those businesses in our network. And that's the way we'll look at it in the future. '22 at the midpoint guide is up, margin's nicely up, so we feel really good about that. And we wouldn't just look at margins when we're looking at where we're going to get our growth from, we're going to look at overall returns is the way I'd answer that.
Matthew Flannery: No, no. Just obviously, the revenue coming in higher always helps with the fixed cost portion. But just to Jess' point, just good, solid P&L management top to bottom.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Ross. So we're -- as you know, we've been focused on infrastructure for quite some time because we know how big the latent demand was long before the bill. We're just not seeing that money be appropriated to shovel-ready projects, but we're still seeing our infrastructure revenue grow. We talked about it growing 11% in Q4. So we're very well positioned.  And when you think about the type of large customers, the largest civil contractors in the U.S. that will benefit from this, it plays right into our value proposition for large national accounts. So we actually think we're really well positioned from a customer perspective. We think we're very well positioned from a product perspective.  And to be fair, most of these products are fungible from our other end markets that we serve. But we have gone and bought specific assets to help fortify that infrastructure, whether they be message boards, traffic continuators.  So we really like where we're positioned, and we think we'll probably be able to out punch our weight when that infrastructure bill does get turned into shovel-ready projects. But we haven't seen a lot of the funding turn into actual rental opportunity. We think that will start happening in '23. If it happens sooner, that's great news. We'll be ready for it.
Matthew Flannery: So we've been talking about this bill for 3 years. I think it will manifest into shovel-ready projects maybe as early as the back half of this year. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we're thinking by '23, we'll start being able to take advantage of that funding, our customers be able to put it to work and therefore, need our services.  You think about the supply chain needs once the money is appropriated then you have the planning process for the projects, you have the materials. So we do come in a little bit on the midpoint to latter end of the funding actually being assigned to a specific project, but we're not terribly worried about that timing. One of the things we've learned over the last 2 years is how quick we can flex up and down depending upon what the needs are.
Matthew Flannery: If everything played out as we're -- we have a range, as you know. But if everything played out as we're projecting right now and then we got some over and above, that would be a reasonable thought as long as it's not shifting from one end market to the other.  But I think we feel really good about where we are with CapEx for this year. And even the $3 billion headline number for '22 is a little bit understated because you saw what we brought in, almost $700 million in Q4. And a lot of that is -- you could call that, we pulled it in advance for what we think is going to be a robust growth year in '22.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, all verticals that we participate in grew year-over-year. And oil and gas did as well. When you think about the upstream, downstream, midstream, combination, they grew by 15% in Q4. And now that's down to about 9% of our total revenues now. But we're pleased for an end market that was in the -- singing the blues for a couple of years now. We're pleased for our people out there, specifically those out in the shale of Texas to get some of this work activated and drive a little bit more volume there.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Steven. And as you noted, this -- the capital allocate -- the $1 billion share repo does not prevent us at all from M&A. So we're really excited.  And the pipeline is broad. It's broad both in scale and has been for the last year and also in end market opportunities. So when we think about how we prioritize, first and foremost, think about like the GFN deal. Any time we can add a new product or service to our customers, that's a home run. The integration is easier. We get to put our cross-sell engine to work, especially if they're not fully formed, so to speak, where they have white space, and they're not operating in all of our MSAs that we operate in, that makes the growth opportunity really strong and makes us a better owner. So that's priority number one.  Second is specialty, partly because specialty has more white space for us even geographically but even through a penetration perspective. So we think that would be our secondary prioritization.  And then on the gen rent side, you saw us do a couple of tuck-in deals this year that we really liked. So we're going to take the opportunity to get more capacity, as you said, whether it's people, real estate or fleet, whenever the math makes sense.  It'd be -- we feel we're really good integrators. We've had a history of doing well with M&A. And we -- Jess and the team have put together a balance sheet that affords us to do it. So -- but it's still very much on our radar.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I would say that we have run, and you see it show up in our fleet productivity. We have run about as hot as I can remember in this past year, specifically in the back half of '21. And our team held up really strong, did a great job. And we didn't have to rely too much on third party or over time, which is why you saw the margin come in well.  So we feel good about where we are. But recruiting, especially in a market like this, is nonstop. We have an internal team, a robust internal team that helps with this. And that's why we were able to add 12%, so really say 6% if you took out the M&A in 2021.  And that's a continued focus for us this year because that -- as much as technology enables our people, that last mile is going to have that human touch for a while for the foreseeable future. And it's those people in the field that we need to make sure we have working safely and efficiently. And they're doing a great job.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Rob. So I'll answer the last part first, and then maybe Jess can take the first part. When I think about time utilization, you know that we don't like to get to the individual components of fleet productivity. But in the vein of being helpful here, we -- as you've seen, we've been driving robust fleet productivity for the past few quarters.  And we think we have an opportunity partly due because of how well we're running, but also because the comps are a little easier here in Q1 to drive that kind of level. But then once we get into Q2, 3 and 4 of '22, I think the time utilization part of that fleet productivity opportunity is going to be pretty close to exhausted.  We'd be really pleased operationally if we were able to match the levels of time use that we ran in quarters 2, 3 and 4 of '21 again in 2, 3 and 4 of '22. So that's just not going to tie to historical levels, but it's really, really robust timing that we're very pleased with.  Don't mistake that for that we don't still have opportunity to drive fleet productivity comfortably above our threshold of 1.5 because we still have 2 other levers there in fleet productivity that we're going to be managing appropriately. And I think the end market supply/demand dynamics, the discipline in the industry all may have us -- have comfort with that number.
Matthew Flannery: And I would just add, Jerry, with what we thought were going in about that this was the right team to enter this product with and that the end market would be a comfortable cross-sell for our customers is working out fine. And so that's a real important part of what Jess has stated are to reach our growth goals. So we're feeling good about it.
Matthew Flannery: So I think -- and not just for us but for the OEMs as well, there's a balance between just pushing all your inefficiency downhill and making sure that you're pricing downhill and making sure you do the right thing for your business. So you don't have to pass it all on to your customer, and that's what we focus on.  So I think that the industry is in good shape right now. I think it's a responsible reaction to the realities of the supply chain, right? So I wouldn't go to the double-digit area right now. I know there's a lot of talk out there, but we're not seeing those type of increases.  But regardless of that, this is still an opportunity for us. Our team works real hard out there. We do have cost creep in the business as does everybody. And we have to make sure that we continue to manage P&L from top to bottom. And you'll see us continue to do that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean I'm not sure our suppliers all know just what that means, right, about how fast and how robust lead supply chain will get back to normal, let's say. But I will say that they've been working really well with us, and that's why we're able to get the fleet we are.  Do I think there's an opportunity to accelerate stuff in the first half? That will probably be a bigger challenge. But Ross had asked earlier about the infrastructure bill. If the market, which come out with our guidance, a pretty robust feeling about the market right now. As that ramps up and the supply chain goes, I think there's a little bit more room for more capital. I'm not betting on that, which is why we brought in all the capital that we brought in, in Q4.  We -- in a normal year, maybe we would have pushed some of that out into the spring and stick with our just-in-time philosophy. That's not the environment we're in right now, and I think we all got to live that reality.  And I really -- I feel for our partners because I know they're trying to do the best they can for us and the challenges they have. I haven't seen clear signs of people getting ahead of the order board yet. So I think the guide that we gave is aggressive and appropriate.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So we're at the highest levels we've been since prepandemic, and we closed our latest one in Q4 there at the highest level. So that momentum just continued to build throughout 2021. So -- and we call it our customer confidence index, our CCI, is really strong.  What gives me more comfort is that our managers, when we went through our budgeting process, were very bullish. They're getting good feedback through their sales teams and their relationships with our customers on the ground that all feel really good about 2022. So I think all signs are pointing to a good growth year, which is why we came out with the strong guidance that we did.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, it's a great point, and it's one of the reasons why we brought in $690 million in Q4 because we exactly feel that. So that's why I said earlier, the $3 billion, call it, same year-over-year is a little bit of a misnomer because what would we bring in a normal Q4, $250 million, maybe $300 million. So we brought in almost double what we would in a normal Q4.  So I think that's a bit of a hedge towards what you're talking about. Now if the infrastructure work starts to step up sooner or just activity overall, it doesn't have to be infrastructure and we see the supply chain remedy in the back half of the year, we'll do what we did this year. We'll pull it forward, especially as we have even better visibility to '23 at that point.  I still think this is a pretty strong guide coming out. So I don't want to run away from it. But if the dynamics present itself as such that there's the opportunity to grow more profitable growth, we will do it. And I think we've proven that this year, and that's the great part of the flexibility of the model.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. It's part of what we manage through, right? So we're -- I would like to think that our partners feel equally strong about us as we do them. And you know what? Their actions this past year have proven that. So I'm planning on that to continue.  Without the partners, it's a whole different ball game. But I think that -- I think we're well positioned and the dialogues very transparent about how quick things move. So we're working well together so that we can have the appropriate fleet for the opportunity that when it presents itself.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. No, I'd love to help you there, but we're going to stick to our guns and not talk about inter-quarter results. But I do -- Q1 is always going to be our lowest seasonal quarter. But we think this momentum will help. And we're going to continue to build off that momentum and the real build will come in the spring as usual.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And just to be clear, I don't want anybody to mistake that all of our fleet productivity, not because you guys can make some mistakes in the math here, but all of our fleet productivity was driven by absorption. It's just that portion of it is going to go away.  We've been getting support from all 3 components of fleet productivity in '21 so for your question of what '22 looks like in the base year. As far as the flow-through, it certainly could be better if we didn't have the inflationary -- just natural inflation on everything from coffee paper to bottles of water. We all live in the world. We know what's going on out there.  But we still think no apologies for 55% flow-through. When you're growing the business at 12%, we are very pleased with that. You make a fair point. Could it be higher through an inflation? Yes, there's a lot of things that could be better, but we're going to control what we can control and take the opportunities that present themselves. And we're really pleased with the guide that we gave.
Matthew Flannery: So for as long as I've been in the business, contractors are getting the labor, but it's certainly exacerbated in this post-COVID world we're in. But we haven't seen project delays or cancellations from it. So that's really the important part. But it's topical.  I think all of us on the supply side and on the build side, meaning our customers, are all working harder than we ever had before to bring in labor. And it's just part of the new rules of the game. But they're getting it done. And as I said, the more -- there's a lot -- very topical, but not any cancellations or delays that we see because of it.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So actually, our teams, both in Europe and New Zealand, Australia, which as you guys know, two totally different businesses with the European part coming from the Baker acquisition. And the New Zealand, Australia Group coming from the General Finance acquisition with mobile storage are both doing great. They've actually both grown in the high 20% in Q4.  They're really -- the European folks have been with us longer, but they've really taken to be a part of the United team and we're very pleased that we're able to fund their growth. So I would say both exceeded expectations a little bit.  Admittedly, the team in Europe had to deal with the severe drop during COVID, but they bounced back from that and got back to prepandemic levels. So we're very pleased with the results there.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, sure. And just on that last part, there's -- it wasn't a cost play, right? So GFN was not a cost play in any way, shape or form. There's not a lot -- Jess has to add there because that was grow, grow, grow play 100%, and we're pleased with what we're seeing on that.  So as you can imagine, they're going to have a decent amount of that targeted 40 cold starts that we're going to have this year. But the other area that we want to do is our ROS business, right? Our portable sanitation business has a lot of growth goals, and we continue to grow parts of our Power HVAC business. And it's specialty overall, but the leading 2 product lines that we'll be doing cold starts in would certainly be mobile storage and then our Reliable Onsite with the portable sanitation.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Courtney. So the infrastructure definition can be quite broad for some, and it is for us in the areas that we're able to participate. And I think the funding, as you saw, has been earmarked for a broad array of end markets.  So whether it's road and highway, whether it's the electric grid and power infrastructure, rail services, broadband, right? So think about broadband. That would be something that our trench team has participated highly and historically.  So specialty will get the opportunity, specifically power and trench. But even our mobile storage folks have the opportunity. These all become job sites. Even if they're alongside the road or in a wing of the airport, that's all fenced off, this is the way the infrastructure projects run.  But we think whether it's public transit, water infrastructure is another opportunity. All these are opportunities that are going to require our products. So almost all other than if it's literally buying the trains, right? Almost all of this is going to require our needs for the money that's earmarked in the infrastructure bill. So we feel really, really good about it.
Matthew Flannery: Probably -- yes, I don't know if we share, but it's about mid-teens. I don't have it on the top of my head. I can get back to you with that, but it's probably somewhere in the mid-teens.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us as we kick off another year of growth. We're off to a great start, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you in April. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted. Thank you. Operator, you can now end the call.
Jessica Graziano: Dave, it's Jess. As we think about 2022, you're right, it's definitely going to be an inflationary environment, but there isn't any one area that we would single out that we would say we think that there will be something that we can't manage through, right? So puts and takes, as we've put the plan together and feel comfortable with the guidance and where that flow-through increase is kind of coming out, so there's nothing that we would highlight to say it's going to take an extraordinary effort one way or the other.  We feel really good that as we think about just starting with the kind of growth that we'll generate, right? That's going to then also continue to give us the opportunity as we stay diligent on cost to be able to deliver that margin benefit and that flow-through in the 50. And we feel really good about that. So nothing I would point to specifically, I think, that's causing us any extraordinary action.
Jessica Graziano: And Ross, just to add a quick comment on the timing aspect. It's -- this is consistent with what we've been expecting, right? We've been consistently expecting this was more of a 2023 event as we've been following the communication of the bill from Washington. So there's no change from our perspective, right? Just wanted to cover that as well.
Jessica Graziano: So I'll take fleet availability. When we think about what we are underwriting in the guidance, right, so let's talk $3 billion at the midpoint. There's no doubt we think it will continue to be a challenging supply chain. And we're really proud of what the team has been able to do working closely with our partners, right, our suppliers in sourcing what we were able to source in 2021.  We feel good that even with those challenges, we'll be able to source what we're looking for in our guidance in 2022. And it's going to be definitely comfortable on the amount of fleet we think we can source.  Now the timing, we're expecting the timing to look something like kind of a normal seasonal cadence as we've done in the past. But if we have an opportunity to bring in some fleet a little earlier this year, we will likely do that, too.  So that timing can move around a little bit. But I would say on the whole, we feel comfortable that we're going to be able to get what we need through the year.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. It's a great question. It'll -- I think we had shared when we did the acquisition, it will take us some time to get to that kind of margin profile similar to industry peers. I think the real opportunities for us, and we've been really excited even post acquisition, is to look at the kind of growth opportunity that we have with that business.  The margins will actually kind of come in line with that growth that we're anticipating. As Matt mentioned, we continue to look at growing that business through cross-sell and as we look at the cold start opportunity that we have to increase the footprint for mobile storage for United. So not there yet but definitely on the way as we really focus on getting the growth that we expect with that business.
Jessica Graziano: Tim, it's Jess. Let me see if I can help with the math a little bit. So if you think about the total revenue growth right at, let's call it, 11.7 at the midpoint, just based on, again, kind of midpoints of what we're looking at for used, you could assume that the growth within that number for used is probably something at midpoint in the area of about 8.5%, right?  So that should help a little bit in kind of recalibrating the math on what you might be using for rental growth within that total revenue piece. So that's -- I hope that's helpful, right, to just sort of recalibrate where you think that rental could shake out.
Jessica Graziano: Both actually, Tim. So right now, we're looking at cash taxes being up somewhere in the neighborhood of about $200 million. And that's largely coming from the increase in pretax income that we're expecting. And then the rest, as you mentioned, is working capital. And that's really more about kind of the normal payment terms and largely just timing of payment on the [indiscernible].
Jessica Graziano: I'll take that. Yes. So the fleet age really is more of an outlook for us and it's really going to depend on fleet mix, what we buy, what we sell. There isn't necessarily a target that we're working towards.  And even on the R&M side for repair and maintenance, less of a target per se and definitely not tied to fleet age. That's more considered when we do the calculations of our rental useful life by asset where we then determine the right time at which to sell the asset, right, considering what it would end up costing us as we think about repair and maintenance as that asset gets older. So that's really where we would consider the impact of repair and maintenance within the kind of that RUL or rental useful life calculation. So I hope that's helpful.
