Matt Flannery: So I think you bring up a great point. And it's -- and I'm not talking about 1.5%, the 150 bps pro forma, because that's now we think about the business. So when I think about either one of those, the time utilization performance was much more -- first of all, most of it was expected as we brought the BlueLine Fleet in November. Normally, we wouldn't bring in that much capacity in November as we're getting into the down season. So we expected most of that. But then the weather did amplified a little bit. If it was all just -- if it was demand based or if it was a concern that way then I think that rate performance would've been even tougher. But I look at it as the team did a very good job of not letting the temporary time utilization drag from the acquisition impact or influence losing any discipline on rate. So we're very pleased with that outcome. We think we're not -- as you know, we don't forecast rate times externally, but we internally have goals and markers. And I think the team did a good job of offsetting that extra time that was created by the weather drag with great discipline from a rate perspective. So we're very pleased with that.
Matt Flannery: So, obviously, two of the big drivers in mix are rate and time. But I mean, I am sorry not just the mix in fleet productivity. But when you think about that mix component, sometimes it's just additive but there are other times where it's actually influencing the other metrics. For example, if we grow specialty products more than we expected, that's going to be a drag on the time but we will get a positive offset to it on mix. So it's just hard of us to forecast that's why we don't. These are all outputs. I would say that as Jess said in her opening comments, we're off to a strong start of the year. We're on target and for everything that's embedded within our guidance. And if you want to go on the margins of time a little bit whereas rate a little bit better, that's fair. But how that plays out into mix is really going to depend on what assets we end up growing with, with the remainder of our capital guide for the rest of the year and what the customers need and how that changes. So I'm not trying to be avoided just truly, those are all outputs from what we expect. The good news is we expect labor productivity to be strong, because the demand is strong. And that's the correlation I draw. When we look at the data that not necessarily everybody sees anymore, we've seen 31 consecutive months of positive balance of supply and demand. That’s with the overall market expectations that we have of strong end markets, we think will result in strong performance as we've guided.
Matt Flannery: No, there's no change. And to be frank, Q1 we said this many times. Q1's way too early and too small a sample set to have any change on a full year to positive or negative. And we feel that way today. We're happy to be on track but absolutely no change to the way we're looking at it and what we've got embedded in our guidance in all of our metrics that we get.
Matt Flannery: Yes, it's been really consistent really for the past four to six quarters, I'd say. So what I like -- that give you knowledge in a month you may have 10 bps here, 10 bps there up and down. But when you plot it across the last year plus, it's been really consistent and strong. So it's at a good level. And I think you're seeing that in the results. And I think it says a lot just not about us but about the industry discipline, which we're very pleased with.
Matt Flannery: I don’t have the granularity of that data. But once again, I would just say on the amount of equipment that's been observed versus the amount equipment that's been purchased is in really good balance right now. So, the spread is healthy, I think that's why you are seeing us in our peers report the results we are reporting and I think, it's really a positive sign all underpinned by the demand environment, which has really been very broad as we've discussed over multiple quarters.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Rob. This is Matt. So, in the scheme of things, it's still early. But I will say in the past 7 to 8 months, there has been a lot of work done and it's really not just Baker that the fluid solutions team is dealing, they're dealing with Thompson as well. So, what they're really working on is the consolidation of offering, not necessarily even in stores, but the consolidation of offering to become a true fluid solutions provider. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Thompson's added to that with some expertise in sewer bypass and wellpoint dewatering. So, there I'd say the biggest change that we are seeing is the ability to enhance the go-to-market strategy. So, we think that's going to be received very well by the end markets. As far as the tactical integration pieces, the team has been ahead of that and as I've said most of that's underway. Now, it's the go-to-market strategy. How do we get to customers to understand this new? And in many ways, unique provider in that space is really the strategic reason of why we did these deals and the opportunity ahead. So, we feel good about it. It's on target, but we think there's a lot more room in the customer facing side to change the game.
Matt Flannery: So, we think the opportunity is large, right. So, one of our core competencies is to take the relationships, the right of way that the goodwill that we have as a strong provider for our customers and expand out. That's really how has been a big part of the growth of our specialty business. And then as far as where and what is both opportunistic, and then strategically, we have to make that build versus buy decisions every time that we look at a deal. But I think it's safe to say whether traditional products or services in specialty or in other adjacencies of the business, there's a lot of growth opportunity for us and something strategically that we continue to evaluate.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Joe. So to be clear, the Q1 CapEx was a shade lighter than what you see standard, but that was really planned and it was because of the BlueLine acquisition. So as you can imagine, with working that extra capacity, which was very heavily aerial waited, we didn't buy as much aerial in Q1 as we may have in past years because we have the extra capacity. So, that's just smart fleet management. You're numbering Q2 is not far off the pace and whether we go above or below that number, it will be directly correlated to how fast we move that extra fleet through the network. But overall, we have no changes to the full year CapEx guidance. And within that range that we've given in CapEx this year, you could think about the faster we move the BlueLine fleet through, right. Then we'll be on the higher end of the range, and the slower we move it through it and be on the lower end of the range. So, it's really going to be responsive. We think that's how we always look at CapEx and no change to the full year plan.
Matt Flannery: Yes, that's fair. We're definitely in line with initial expectation. Nothing's changed from that perspective. The end markets are still there for the opportunities that. And frankly, as specialty continues to show really strong growth, if there is extra capacity, that doesn't mean that they won't try to take more of the new CapEx because they have been very effective at turning into growth and profitability.
Matt Flannery: As far as -- Yes -- so as far as the rates, I mean, as I said about really much of the integration, and as you saw in the numbers Jess just gave you as far as the synergies. Most of the structural work done, meaning territory realignment, customer harmonization, at this point, whether it's a Baker or United legacy or BlueLine legacy customer, we've got them all in our rate zones, we've got them all through our methodology, how we move suggested rates and opportunities in rate management through our sales teams, they're all one right now. So it's probably structurally under way. And as far as where the opportunity is, I think you've seen a little bit of it. You look at the pro forma versus the as reported rate improvement, it was a little bit higher than the pro forma, that's a tip to the half with teams already started, and we think we'll see that kind of pace continue through the back half of the year when you look at pro forma versus as reported.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Well, first and foremost, what gives us that confidence is the 1,200 touch points we have in our branch network with a couple of thousand reps that talk to customers every day. So that is always going to be primary. But then most every macro data point supports that feeling and even within the ABIs that was released I think it was even noted in the report that they believe that it was due to weather. I mean February was a tough weather month for us and for the industry and for job starts. So we're not surprised by that, but also what came out this morning is the ABC's construction backlog indicator, which was up 8% month-over-month. So in balance we say all the macro indicators are positive even in spite of the ABI number that just came out. So we feel really good about it. Our customers feel good about it. And as we've said before, we think we have good strong visibility 12 months out and that's because of our connection to the end markets and to our customers. And I don't see anything that points to a concern within that visibility that we feel we already have. So I get the point about ABI that one dataset, we'll see where that ends up in the oncoming months, when the February weather hangover goes away, but we still feel good about the end market.
Matt Flannery: I call the energy markets steady and certainly they didn't have any impact on mix, as far as the way we categorize mix. When we think broadly, the interesting thing about this last couple of years is that whether you look at geography, vertical, product lines, the growth has been very broad. There's no hot pocket we're relying on and and we feel good about that and and we're forecasting that to continue throughout the year and most of the backlog information and the customer information fortifies that.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Steve. It looks robust, our national account team and our strategic account teams, which are really the large or half of our account profile, backlogs are strong, and they're the ones that are going to be working on the major projects. LNG is still strong. There's still a lot of infrastructure work, major capital projects remain robust and and it's coast to coast. I mean there is strength throughout our network and then when you even think about some of the midstream work that needs to get done to help move some of the energy, is really an opportunity for us and we're very well positioned with the contractors that are going to be doing that large work through our scale and through our broad foot print.
Matt Flannery: That's probably a little too precise for us right now, but I would say the pace of how our our teams are building their revenue and what our expectations are for the year which obviously informed our guidance, is on track as far as where that moves, does Q2 get a little hotter or as as expected, it's probably too early for us to say.
Matt Flannery: Tim, as you could imagine -- this is Matt, as you could imagine, the rate follows the demand, right. And it was equally as broad, every operating region had positive rates in the quarter year-over-year, so it should and did follow the demand environment, as that's really the driver for the opportunity and the team did a good job capturing that opportunity broadly.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Jerry. This is Matt. I'd say that the -- most importantly the team responded quickly to those customers that Baker was doing business with that were already on Total Control. So the first step was to make sure that we got those assets integrated in and that's some work and I want to get into the details, a part of that work actually has to happen on the customers' end as well, because they build processes through to their vendors, so they had the more fad over. And then in BlueLine deal, you had a little bit of as well more influenced by Baker than BlueLine, but certainly an opportunity for us to continue to be a full provider to those Total Control customers and I wouldn't say there were any material changes especially when you look at the pro forma growth. But what I would say is broadly regardless of integrations and acquisitions, we continue to get further adoption and usage of Total Control as a tool to help our customers solve productivity issues and that's always what it's been built on and as we put it along our footprint and get more and more of our employees and therefore customers educated on the opportunity, that's how we've driven that growth in Total Control.
Matt Flannery: Yes, neither one of the digital channels or any kind of automation is really done as from a cost to margin perspective, it's really done for meeting the customer where they are, the customers that want to interact with us in that way, we're going to support that and that's why we're building the digital platforms that we are, so we don't see this as huge margin accretion opportunity as much as the other half of your point which is accurate is the stickiness, right. And we've got to -- we've got to transact with customers in the way they will process this and comfort in transacting and that's more of why you'll see this us do that. What it does give us the opportunity to do is maybe reach some broader customers that we weren't reaching before. This technology gives you a wider net to cast. So I'd say it's more from that perspective than a cost to margin translation.
Matt Flannery: Sure, this is something that we've been very proud of and we've worked hard on to build over multiple years. So this isn't a new thing for us. It's that our sales folks were involved in retailing equipment. We have a firm belief that we want to solve all of our customers' problems and just because we're rental company the customer wants to buy a piece of equipment, we've got good quality, well-maintained used equipment to sell to them and we use the retail channel to do that and I think that is the single-digit biggest differentiation between our margins and those that don't do that, but even within the auction results, you see, that it was a little bit of a drag. When you look at the aerial products reaches, they were still pretty strong. So I don't see Tier 4 as the big mover here. I see this is strictly as our channel and the products we sell giving us a good opportunity to keep margins strong and pricing strong.
Matt Flannery: Chad, this is Matt. I just want to correct one thing in case we misspoke or you misheard. The slower time utilization in Q1 was primarily due to -- we did the second biggest acquisition in our history in November, which was going into the seasonal down curve, right, of demand. Not macro activity, not anything like that, just working that fleet through and all the other integration processes that are normal for us, and if we could have bought that fleet in April, we wouldn't be -- you wouldn't even see it, but the truth, we had the opportunity to buy in November, by the way, we do that all over again. We're very pleased with the BlueLine deal, that's what we did -- the two things that you referred to, dampen time utilization, which we expected in Q1 and we'll see that play out through the first half of the year and a tick down, maybe $20 million, $25 million less capital spend than we would have had we not done that deal. I just don't want anybody misunderstand and think that we were -- we are blaming that activity, we think the demand is robust and we'll just work that through the system. So I just wanted to correct that. And then as we think about fleet productivity, as I said in the earlier point, I think it was Ross who might have asked the question earlier, or David, the fleet productivity metrics and output. So not anymore than we could forecast rate or time which are the two biggest inputs to fleet productivity will we be able to have the ability to forward forecast that metric, but we do think that demand environment's and what's embedded within our guidance will net us positive operating metrics and we'll report them accurately as we get through the quarters.
Jessica Graziano: It's a great question, and a conversation that's very topical for us as a management team and also with our board. We also -- let me say here that just in all the conversations that we also have with investors, we appreciate and we consider the feedback that we get from investors as well. As you noted, we expect we're going to finish 2019 at 2.5 times and we feel really good about that, considering the focus this year is going to include absorbing all that acquisition activity. And as we look beyond that 2020 and to your point, we can debate the macro. But as we look beyond that right now, it's really premature for us to make a call on how that could change our capital allocation strategy specifically. Between now and then though, we will have a formal conversation with our Board as part of our annual review of capital allocation. And while there's no news to share right now, of course, obviously, if something happens, we'll share it. What I will say even though it's not new news it's good news. The balance sheet right now is in a really good place. Our debt maturity schedule pushed out significantly. We're generating meaningful cash flow. So the focus is going to continue to think about our capital allocation strategy that's going to be both balanced and dynamic for us going forward.
Jessica Graziano: It's Jess. So, what we have realized in synergies in the first quarter is about $16 million, total, between BlueLine and Baker together, and when we look at it on sort of full year '19 we're looking at something like $45 million incremental total.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Steve, it's Jess. Yes, I mean, when we look at the flow-through that we generated in the first quarter, it was actually a hair better than what we expected. So if I go back to the conversation we had at Investor Day when we talked through full-year guidance, we still feel really comfortable that we'll be able to do something kind of give or take 60% on the core, if I adjust for the acquisitions and for the synergies. So Yes, we feel really good about 60%.
Jessica Graziano: So, I don't have that number isolated. But what I can tell you is, as we looked at cost performance through the first quarter, we were very pleased. The performance came in pretty much as expected across those big categories of cost that gave us a little bit of heartburn first quarter last year like delivery was one and we had also talked about some higher overtime than we expected. So, the team has done a great job in managing through that and managing through some of the integration work that we've had through the first quarter to stay really focused on a disciplining cost when it -- as it related to again these big categories delivery repair labor cost like that. So, there is nothing that we're seeing that that we would isolate as being a concern for us as we're going into the busy season.
Jessica Graziano: So a big chunk of that increase comes from better delivery recovery through ancillary and that is really the recovery of the cost that you would see within cost of rentals. There's two things going on there. One is that with the acquisitions, we've now modified processes, we've updated technologies, in bringing those businesses in, they're now using that same discipline that we've developed around delivery recovery being obviously an important part of our overall revenues. So that's part of it. The other part of it is that the team broadly continues to be really focused on making sure to have delivery recovery as appropriate across our sales. So it's -- it's good discipline and it's bringing in those two businesses that's driving growth in that line.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Chad. I'll actually come back to the question that David asked and my answer around, there's really no new news for us right now as far as changes to our capital allocation strategy and as we continue to have conversations internally and with our board about that and we consider dividends as just one part of an overall strategy, we will obviously update everyone accordingly.
