Bert A. Frost: Thanks, Tony. Global nitrogen markets trended well during the quarter. As we had expected earlier in the year, the U.S. and international markets moved toward parity, as both gas curtailments and further [ph] production constraints in a number of regions tightened supply. At the same time, robust ammonia shipments and inventory depletion in the U.S. and strong urea shipments to India and South America supported the market. Ammonia prices strengthened during the quarter, showing tightness in the market. Corn Belt prices moved from $610 per short ton at the beginning to $650 at the end of the quarter. While we picked up some of the benefit of this move, we also had a significant amount of sales from our order book priced at the lower level seen in June and July, prior to when the outages tightened the market and caused the prices to increase. A heavy volume of industrial sales also impacted our average pricing due to the Mosaic contract sales and the lower mix of ag sales that normally occur in the quarter. Participating in the spot urea market continued to be a positive decision for us, as there was good demand in the Southern Plains for winter wheat and we sold urea for prompt delivery. Along with this domestic demand, prices at the U.S. Gulf were also supported by the international markets. These international prices were higher than a year ago due to purchasing activity in South America and India tender activity, in addition to the high level of global production outages. Chinese producers suffered heavy losses during the second and third quarters, which drove them back -- to back out of contractual commitments in some urea sales from the second quarter. This demonstrates to us the move toward economically-driven decisions in the utilization of their production and their attempt to develop a solid price floor for urea. For UAN, we had a healthy amount of sales from our large order book, and we chose to export some UAN in order to balance our system and continue to grow our international footprint. Our DES and other products saw good growth characteristics during the quarter as well. We are looking forward to the fourth quarter and 2015. The economics for U.S. farmers for growing corn continue to be attractive and offer a premium over soybeans. With drought conditions in Brazil and the potential for late planting of their second-crop corn, concern is developing that corn production from that area of the world will be reduced, which will have the effect of increasing demand for U.S. corn in the international market. We see this showing up in corn prices, which are now on the rise from their harvest lows. With an expected 90 million of acres of corn to be planted, we should see healthy nitrogen demand through the first half of 2015. That demand is clearly evident in ammonia movement and price in the northern tier in Western Canada. Weather has been conducive to applications, and ammonia has been moving out of our tanks at a rapid pace, such as at our Vanscoy Saskatchewan terminal, which set a new record for shipments in a single year. Ammonia prices of around $650 to $680 per short ton, as quoted in industry publications, is indicative of strong demand in those Northern areas. One near-term item that we are mindful of is our tight inventory level and level of planned outages during the fourth quarter, along with our unplanned outage at Woodward. These will limit our production and tons available for sale such that excluding our deliveries from our Trinidad production to Mosaic, we are likely to have fourth quarter ammonia sales volume similar to last year. Additionally, our unplanned outage at Woodward will result in lost production, which could have an impact of approximately $20 million of loss cash operating earnings during the fourth quarter. This is on top of the loss cash operating earnings around $27 million from the outage earlier in the year. However, we are confident that healthy ammonia prices will support pricing on upgraded products, and with limited availability of ammonia, upgraded products such as urea and UAN are likely to experience higher demand once we move into 2015. Now let me turn the call over to Dennis.
Bert A. Frost: Good morning, and thanks. So for our order book, what we communicated, we're well-positioned through this year and into Q1 on UAN. We took a summer fill program through July and since have built on that program, and we'll continue to do so. We have in place our own inventory system that we can also place product in, in preparation for the spring. So for UAN, we're fairly confident of where we are and where the market will be and our ability to supply. On urea, as I mentioned, we have been generally spot sellers as the -- during Q2 and Q3, as the North American market traded above the international market. We were able to capture a positive price spread for the company. That has since come to parity, and as we roll out of Q4 and into the Q1, we expect that probably could continue, but we've continued to be spot sellers. And if that were to change, then we might take a different tact and do some forward selling. So right now, the U.S. is a little bit below the international market, so I would say we'll see a rising market going through Q1 and into Q2 for urea. On ammonia, I think the whole system has been a little bit short of product. Looking at data from TSI and just some industry feedback from the market, from our sales team, that seems to be the case and that's reflected in higher pricing where the Midwest market is at $650 to $680 a short ton in the I [ph] states. And so, I think as you go through Q4, you'll probably have, as we've presented, that we expect to hit last year's numbers, which were little underwhelming compared to historic ability, part of that is reflected in our large Q1 and Q2. We had a record ammonia application, record ammonia pull, almost 1.7 million tons through the first half of 2014 and I think our -- the whole industry had that same type of situation. So the ammonia -- that extra ammonia is just not available. So we expect pricing to be fairly positive going through Q2 next year, and we'll fully utilize our distribution system to capture that. On the spring, I think I just mentioned about your question on missed applications of ammonia being tight, I think I already mentioned that. So we're fairly positive going into 2015.
Bert A. Frost: On the fly up in prices, I think with -- we'll just have a massive amount of corn coming in right now. I'll let you turn the logistical question over to Chris.
Bert A. Frost: And I would suggest for granular, $3.20. The market for prilled today is in the $2.90 to $2.95, if you've seen from the Indian tenders. This is Bert. And what you're seeing is what Tony referenced as the negative returns for these companies and then the ratchet down on your average operating rate, which is below 70%. What that means is that people aren't operating, and we're seeing that reflected in the volume of product going into the bonded warehouses or not going into the bonded warehouses. Now we're projecting that China will be exporting between 10 million and 11 million tons for this year, which is a higher rate but they had additional capacity that came online and so longer-term, we see that rationalizing and decreasing if the pricing stays at this level.
Bert A. Frost: No, I think you've touched on the key ones, and they all reflect a positive perspective or a positive opportunity for the industry going forward. Costs are going up. Coal, freight, labor, those are positives for our business. The 5% tax, I agree with Tony and that the rational nature of that will bring to the overall supply and the supply availability coming out of China. The demand structure is in place domestically for Chinese consumption. We've been tracking that as well as industrial demand, which is also fairly consistent. So it's that available tonnage that will be exported and then, at what economical cost that will be exported for. Fantastic demand going forward out of India and Pakistan that is open to receive the untreated prilled product coming out of China. So you set up a system that, that probably will be the supply base for those regions and the granular that is coming out of China today is at a quality disadvantage and is trading at a $20 to $25 discount to domestically-produced product in North America. So I look at these things as coming together. It's a maturing of our industry, a maturing of the industry in China, and we see those as positives going forward.
Bert A. Frost: I would say from just looking at our system, we're not wedded to a market and we're not market share-focused and we're not going to say that a certain percentage of our tonnage needs to be directed to one market. We're more netback-driven. And so if that netback that we can receive at any of the markets is greater than where that ton is currently allocated, it will be allocated on a netback basis. And we have built our team in Western Canada. We used to market that through distribution. And a couple of years ago, we've put in place our own team that has integrated very well into our system. And were seamlessly moving the Viterra tons as well as our historical tons out of Medicine Hat into Western Canada and other markets as well. And so hopefully, you're seeing us being good marketers and executors of our system and our strategies. But Western Canada is a good market, and we'll continue to focus on that and to build our relationships with our customers there. But whether it goes there or Montana or North Dakota, we're ambivalent as long as it's netback-driven.
W. Anthony Will: We actually feel pretty good about delivery schedule of all the major equipment. Let's start off with diesel first, because that's the one that's closest. Then the urea plant should be starting up end of the second quarter, beginning of the third quarter next year. The issues out there, really, we have seen a little bit of a tightening in the labor market. With more and more projects coming online, there is some competition. But we believe we can put in place provisions to adequately address that and make sure we've got the right number of resources on site. We do have contingency funds built into both of our projects to anticipate escalation of labor cost that, frankly, we thought may have happened before this. So labor is one issue, but I think we can address it. The other one, as you mentioned, is weather. When it rains a lot, diesel, things get real soupy, it's tough to make a lot of forward progress. But we don't anticipate that really getting in the way between us and our anticipated start time. Relative to Port Neal, again, we feel good about vessel deliveries and critical equipment. We need to make sure we've got all the foundation support and ready to get into steel erection during the winter months, so we can make good forward progress there. But if anything, we feel that there's a little more cushion in the Port Neal time frame based on the commitments we've made to the market versus the progress that we're making. So we're not anticipating any real challenges without meeting that schedule.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. I think that's a good characterization of where we are. We, as I said in my prepared remarks, believe that our shares don't reflect the intrinsic value of the company. And so we're absolutely buyers, and we'll execute that as appropriate as we go forward.
W. Anthony Will: So P.J., one of the issues in the -- coming out of the third and fourth quarters of last year, we were pretty happy with the absolute price level that we saw, which was a Henry Hub deck of I think $3.66 in the first quarter and $3.55 in the second. As we got into the back end, the third quarter of this year, and we saw the dramatic increase in production and the fact that storage was rapidly building, still down relative to the 5-year average, but it was close to 3.5 TCF, and the fact that the increased rate of gas production continues at a high level, our view was, if the winter was moderate, there could be a lot of opportunity for our prices to continue to soften through the winter months in the first quarter. So we wanted to be able to participate in the softening or the potential for a softening gas market. At the same time as put an absolute ceiling on the top end of our cost structure. So that was why we entered into collars as opposed to fixed swap -- fixed price swaps, and on the pricing of the collars, I'll ask Chris to...
W. Anthony Will: Okay. Well, I'm going to ask Dennis to talk about Ukraine and what's going on there, but I think a fair bit of that is political unrest and uncertainty. But Dennis, do you want to...
W. Anthony Will: And P.J., based on where we see from a cost curve perspective, we estimate that China is kind of in that $3.30 to $3.50 per metric on a delivered basis and -- I'm sorry, on a fab [ph] basis, and Ukraine is sort of similarly in about a $3.40 to $3.50 per metric basis as well. And today, the price is about kind of $3.20-ish, $3.30-ish. And so, there's a number of those producers that are having a hard time making money or even operating at those rates.
W. Anthony Will: And P.J., although the untreated prill does come out and it certainly does take nutrient, kind of, content away from other people, it's not a product that is generally received in many parts of the world. It's only a few specific markets that actually are willing to deal with the Chinese prills. So it has some overhang, but it's not directly comparable or affects the U.S. market on a one-for-one basis.
W. Anthony Will: Yes, Kevin, that's a great question. In nitrogen, we have been in a supply-driven market condition for about a year now or maybe a little more than that. And so we are actually operating as opposed to a demand-driven situation where people are bidding up tons above marginal cost. It really is being driven off of marginal cost of production. And I think some of the outages, due to political unrest, you'd expect those things to moderate over time, but some outages are really due to gas availability. So for instance, Egypt, Oman, Trinidad, there are a number of places in the world where there are just physically gas shortages to be able to run the assets at full rates. In the West, it really has probably been more a maintenance or unplanned operational outages that have caused curtailments; it's certainly not an economic driver. But even in China, I think they brought on something in the neighborhood of about 20 million tons of urea production in the last 3 or 4 years, and I think they've taken about 5 million to 6 million tons permanently offline in the last year. And so, although there will continue to be new capacity brought online, what you're going to end up seeing is shedding assets at the very highest end of the cost curve. And the point that I want to reinforce is, even though the market in nitrogen is operating in a supply-driven arena and North American gas costs were a little high, we still generated 40% gross margins in those conditions. Underlying that, on positives going forward, there will continue to be ongoing market demand growth for nitrogen, both in the industrial applications and some on the agricultural side. And we're seeing North America continue to be an important marketplace through the end of this decade.
W. Anthony Will: So Kevin, there has been an awful lot of talk and discussion about things like tax inversions and so forth. And we, very early on, had conversations with the IRS and got an indication from them that they viewed this not as an inversion transaction, but actually as traditional cross-border M&A. So there was nothing here that was out of the ordinary and therefore, there was no kind of regulatory or structural impediments from that perspective going forward. But what I think the market may not have recognized as much is all of the areas where there really were an awful lot of overlap or opportunities to rationalize. So people that are spending the time looking at these things realize that Yara moves an awful lot of products out of Europe into North America. And in fact, we export a fair bit of product out of North America and send it the other direction. We literally have ships passing in the middle of the night. If you look at their Belle Plaine facility and how it would have fit into our North American asset base and distribution structure, it would have been a really nice add. And they are quite a bit product short in Latin America and for us, Donaldsonville, it's $30 to $35 to move product into the Corn Belt. It's $30 to $35 to move it down into Brazil and Argentina. And when we move it offshore, we could have structured it through some offshore trading companies in a way that would have been very, very tax efficient. And I don't know that people really kind of stepped back and understood what the current tax laws are and the opportunity. We're paying tax on a marginal rate, almost 35%, and we certainly could have put that in a different sphere, being located in a different tax regime. So I think people missed all of those things. And I don't want to get into the nitty-gritty of kind of why things didn't happen, but I would just characterize it as, at the end of the day, we feel we've got a terrific value proposition from our standalone business plan. And given all of the puts and takes that were on the table, we didn't think on a risk-adjusted basis, it was going to end up being a good deal for CF shareholders relative to what we can offer them today.
W. Anthony Will: Yes, Chris, I'll ask Bert to opine as well and Dennis, but I -- look, I don't think Trinidad has done anything to structurally solve the gas availability issue going into Point Lisas. And I don't know that there's a quick fix on the horizon. So I would anticipate there being ongoing gas curtailments going forward. In Trinidad, that could be in the 10% to 15% of production range. Relative to Middle East and North Africa, you still don't really have recognized sort of basis of power and influence in some regions like Libya and other places to make operations reasonable. And you also have gas shortages in Egypt and Oman, again, for which there's not a quick solution. So my perspective is I don't think that you're going to see a dramatic uptick in production from those areas. But Dennis and Bert, you got...
W. Anthony Will: You bet, Adam. The big issue at -- one of the big issues at Woodward is it is 1 of 2 non-Kellogg plants that we have in our North American system. In fact, the intellectual property or process designers of that plant was Fluor. And there's only 2 Fluor ammonia plants in the world. So this one is a little bit of an oddity or a strange beast. And the parts that go into it are dissimilar from all of our Kellogg plants. So if this has happened at one of our Kellogg ammonia plants, it would've been really easy to fix because we've got spare kit for all of the major operating components so we could have just moved the product or moved our OAC [ph] boiler out of one facility into the next, plugged it in and are ready to go. So we have a huge operational footprint advantage with 11 of our 13 ammonia plants being Kellogg plants and able to swap and receive similar vessels. But because this is an oddball, we've got to fix what's there. And this particular, it's the same OAC [ph] boiler in both cases. There's the primary OAC [ph] boiler, and in the first instance, we had a failure of the insulation refractory. In the second case, we had a failure with internal tube bundle. We're working hard to get it replaced. We don't believe that there is any long-term issue in terms of the operability or the on-stream factor of that plant. We're just working through one particular problem that's been going on this year. And it's unfortunate because, as Bert pointed out, we're going to lose close to $50 million of gross margin out of that facility this year because of the outages. But the good news is we didn't have any one hurt. We didn't have any offsite impacts to the community or environmental releases, and those are things that have much more long-term and problematic impact for our company than missing a few weeks of production. So we're...
W. Anthony Will: Yes, I'll give you just a high-level comment and then I will ask Bert to go into details. We -- as part of the 1/3 interest that we bought, we also purchased a couple of ammonia terminals, one of which is, as Bert indicated in his comments, was Vanscoy Saskatchewan. We set an all-time shipping record for ammonia out of that facility this year. And it is, at the end of the day, a commodity product where it's a competitive marketplace and pricing is set by outside dynamics. And we feel very comfortable in terms of our ability to focus our tons on the best netbacks possible and we think we're in a good position to do it. But I'll let Bert talk specifics of...
W. Anthony Will: Thanks for the question, Mark. Look, I'd say we evaluate and are open to opportunities kind of globally anywhere as long as they fit the following criteria: as long as they're in our core strategic fairway and have a return profile that's well in excess of our cost of capital. But our standalone business plans sets a really high bar on what these things need to achieve in order for us to be interested in going after them, if it's something other than a cash basis. If we have to use our stock in order to acquire them, then it sets a really high bar on the return profile. We have looked at a lot of projects over the years, some of them we've done, some of them we didn't. Things that we've done include the 50% acquisition of KEYTRADE, the Terra acquisition, the 1/3 interest in Medicine Hat, along with the Canadian ammonia terminals, the divestiture of phosphate and the capacity expansion projects. And I think if you look at what we've done, the market would say, "Wow, all of those have been pretty darn good deals." There are some things that we announced that we didn't do. Coal gasification at Donaldsonville, looking at an ammonia, urea complex in Peru after we had secured a gasify agreement down there and then most recently, Yara. So the ones that we haven't done, I think we've had very good and valid reasons for not doing those. There's other ones that are currently in consideration right now, things like Medicine Hat urea that we've talked about. And the issue is, we like that marketplace. We like urea in that marketplace. But the concern in that region is the high cost and unpredictability of labor and we must -- we can guarantee a full end [ph] cost structure including labor that I can say to you all we've got a return well in excess of our cost of capital, then we won't be doing that project. So that's why we've been sort of silent as we're working that to refine it behind the scenes. So as long as it's in our core business, there is not a geographic constraint on where we will or we won't be, but it's got to be a great deal for our shareholders or we are not interested in doing it.
W. Anthony Will: So today, North America imports, I think, about 40% of its total nitrogen requirements. After all of the projects that are actually in-flight come online, so those things would include a bunch of bottlenecks that have happened from Agrium and Koch and CF, it would include the OCI project, it would include the Waggaman, Louisiana project and the CF projects. After the things that are actually real steel in the ground have come online, we think that number drops to about 20%. So through -- as you're sitting, looking at beyond '17 and into 18, we think that North America will continue to import about 20% of its total nitrogen requirements. Now that's going to skew by product type. There's going to be less UAN that needs to be brought in because the market will almost be in balance in UAN, but there's still be a fair bit of ammonia and urea that need to be brought in. But -- and if there are some of these other projects that have been talked about, whether it's the CHS Girdwood project or other ones that will start eating into that 20%. But if all of the things that are being added only account for about 20% of the requirements, that means for North America to be in balance, you need another set of projects like D'ville, Port Neal, Waggaman, Weaver and then all of the debottlenecks that have taken place, that's going to take a fair bit of capital over a fairly extended period of time. So that's why we are very confident in the notion that North America will continue to be an import marketplace out through the end of the decade.
W. Anthony Will: Thanks, Joel. I think one of the things that surfaced as part of our discussions was a recognition by both Yara and CF that there may be very viable commercial ways where we can work together to realize some of those synergies and we're certainly interested in exploring what those might be. And so I'd say absolutely. There's some of them that are predicated on a more structural basis that are tough to get to, but of the ones that are purely kind of commercially available, yes, we absolutely would be interested in going after those.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes. I mean, obviously, we don't know what's going to happen there, but to the degree that we see producers getting their gas curtailed because gas pump cuts them back for political reasons or the case -- or whatever the case may be. We're going to obviously see curtailments and therefore, less supply into the marketplace. The other thing that works against us, to some degree, is that if people have -- are getting gas and those gases are oil linked, you'll see people getting somewhat cheaper gas because of the lower oil price. So the way I would kind of look at it is, we don't know exactly what's going to happen in Ukraine and how the political events there are going to affect availability in pricing. But we do know that as we look back here over the past 6 months, that with respect to curtailments in Eastern Europe and other places generally, that has resulted in constricted supply and higher prices as Bert described in his prepared remarks.
Dennis P. Kelleher: I think if you look at North Africa, you got to look at it in 3 buckets. And if you look at Egypt, for instance, where they produce nitrogen today, the issue there really is gas availability and potentially, politics in terms of getting plants started up and keeping them running. When you look over at Libya, again, there's plenty of gas that's available that could be put into a facility. The problem is that the situation there is so unsafe and so unstable, that it's difficult to keep a plant up and running with people and staffing it for a prolonged period of time. And as you move further west to Algeria, there certainly is plenty of gas to the degree they have outages, they're largely going to be driven by operational issues or issues between the people who own the foreign participating share in these joint ventures and [indiscernible]. And those things can be sometimes a bit intractable, as we saw earlier last year. So -- but I would say about the supply of North Africa is, we don't have any crystal ball but with those sources of potential uncertainty and instability, it's very difficult to really kind of draw a supply curve for North Africa with any degree of reliability or accuracy.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, Joel, this is Dennis. Thanks for the question. Yes, Joel, we've spent a lot of time over the past year or so looking at MLP structures generally, as you know. I think we're the only major nitrogen producer that actually has an MLP, so it's something that's we studied in detail and also know something a bit about because of what we have. And the way we think about it is, that structure in particular that you mentioned, sort of fixed pay structure and fixed pay structures suck up debt capacity. And because we talk to rating agencies on a regular basis. And as we look at our opportunity going -- particularly as the projects come online, we see ourselves having a materially larger amount of debt capacity as those projects start to come online. And the after-tax cost of that debt is much lower than the after-tax cost of doing any kind of fixed rate structure like the one that you are suggesting. In addition to that, the size of deals that you can do with that type of structure, really, are around $300 million per year or less. So there's a lot of execution risk as you think about trying to do something of a much larger scale over a prolonged period of time than there is with debt. You'll know that what we did with our debt portfolios in the last 2 years, we've issued $3 billion of debt in 2 $1.5 billion tranches, and we can get those deals done in a month with little or no execution risk. And in addition to that, a lot of people have really raised this issue, the particular transaction that you referenced, but we note that nobody else out there has tried to replicate that structure. And some people have suggested that there's some great read-through in terms of valuation to the C Corp, but as we've tracked that particular company's stock since before it announced its MLP structure through today and compared that to another very closely, a very similar company, what we've seen is that the value of that stock has gone down significantly. Its multiple has gone down. And really, it doesn't trade at a premium to either that competitor company and it trades, at least at the data I saw, at a lower multiple to ourselves. So as far as the whole read-through argument is concerned, what we see is that there's really no there, there [ph]. So we don't have a religious sort of conviction against doing interesting transactions, but what is important to us is, that as we look at them on a risk-adjusted basis, they provide real and tangible value to our C Corp shareholders.
