Richard Hoker: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. As Steve indicated earlier, CF Industries reported net earnings of $200 million or $2.78 per diluted share, compared to earnings of about $51 million or $1.04 per share in the same period last year. Cash flow provided by operations in the fourth quarter was $560 million, which included a $112 million seasonal increase in customer advances. In the fourth quarter of 2010, net sales of $1.2 billion compared to sales of $500 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. The increase was due to the acquisition of Terra, stronger demand and higher average prices. For the full year, we had sales of $4 billion, up from $2.6 billion in 2009. Net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $345 million were lower than 2009 because of business combination costs, net interest expense and higher depreciation associated with the fixed asset write-up in the Terra acquisition. Because of these items, cash flow provided by operations may provide a better comparison of the results in the two years. Operating cash flow in 2010 totaled about $1.2 billion compared to $680 million in 2009. A comparison of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or as we call it EBITDA, makes the same point.  As shown on Slide 7, the company had EBITDA of about $500 million in the fourth quarter, up from $104 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. EBITDA for the quarter included a $31 million mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives and $4 million in business combination and integration costs. Earnings before tax included an additional $12 million of accelerated loan fee amortization due to our early repayment of debt, which we consider a business combination cost. For the full year, the company had EBITDA of $1.1 billion, which included $170 million of net charges that primarily relate to the acquisition of Terra but did not include Terra's results from the first quarter. Our cash balance at the end of the quarter was $800 million, not including the $103 million in auction rate securities. We received $19 million in redemptions of these securities at par during the quarter. In the fourth quarter, our net debt declined by $338 million to $1.6 billion. We paid back $300 million of our bank term loan in the fourth quarter, leaving a remaining balance at December 31 of $346 million. We've continued to pay down this loan in the first quarter. The remaining balance is now below $100 million, and we expect to repay it in full by the end of this quarter.  Now let me turn it back to Steve.
Richard Hoker: Jeff, let me start with, when we talk about taxes, we use pretax income exclusive of the non-controlling interest or less the non-controlling interest because as you know, we have some items that we consolidate that we don't own 100% of. So let me start with that. The second thing is that, as you've known throughout the year, we've had transaction costs that came from the Terra acquisition that we did, and those transaction costs is reduced pretax income but we don't get the tax benefit and because they are included in our tax base in the acquired business. So that's what causes the tax rate in general and what you've seen this year to be higher than kind of what we've normally seen. Now in the third quarter, the quarterly rate was 33.6%, and that quarterly rate included an adjustment at that time because when we're at the third quarter, we look forward to the fourth quarter, thought it was going to be a terrific fourth quarter, and it was. And so what happened was that, we increased our internal earnings estimate and that caused the tax rate to go down a little bit because the impact of those non-deductible items is diluted over a greater amount of earnings. So at the third quarter, the year-to-date rate was 44%. And so at that time, that was our estimate, our best estimate of what the full year rate would have been. The full year rate now for the fourth quarter, fast forwarding now is up about 190 basis points, so 45.9%. So that's the change in terms of the fourth quarter, and that's really due to higher state and some foreign taxes. In terms of next year, because we are not expecting to have a large amount of non-deductible items, we would expect the rate would fall back into a more normalized range. Internally, we're looking at something in the 36% to 38% range for 2011.
Richard Hoker: If you look at the balance sheet, Jeff, you'll see that there's a current tax payable on the balance sheet, and that's the number that I would use in terms of looking at kind of what's going to get paid out in the near term. The deferred tax amounts that you see on the cash flow statement, what that relates to is the fact that, as you know, Mr. Obama has passed some legislation that allows us to take more immediate tax deductions on certain capital projects and certain equipment that's put in place. So what you're seeing is the fact that the benefit of that accelerated depreciation on the tax side is coming through in the cash flow statement as an increase in our cash flow. The book taxes will catch up over time.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we have a very strong spring order book, as you might expect. I'll let Bert elaborate on that a bit.
Stephen Wilson: Well, Don, as you know, the market is a continuous market. We book our business based upon the margins that are available to us. So it's a combination of the cost and the price. We're very comfortable with the margins that we've been able to achieve. We, of course, know that there's more price to come. The business that we have booked recently is at a higher price than the business we booked previously. But the market lags, we lag on the way up, we lag on the way down. I think on average, our results reflect the prices that are generally available.
Stephen Wilson: Well, with respect to investment in general, now we have a lot more facilities and we have a lot of levers to pull and we have a lot of opportunities to engage and debottleneck inefficiency projects that will add value to our asset base. Our engineers are pretty creative group. They've got projects that are -- some of them are pretty well-developed, some of them are ideas that are in the early stages. And we're excited about the opportunities that we will have to consider those projects and we're particularly happy that we can be considering them in North America because that's where the strong market is and that's the strength of our business. With respect to the longer term question on let's say, a greenfield or a major brownfield construction of new capacity, the economics of the business are such that, that would certainly appear to be desirable option. Those are things that we will look at in the months ahead. Just a brief anecdote, I spent yesterday in Washington. I met with three senators and four or five House members on one-on-one meetings, and in most, if not all of those meetings, one of my messages to them is that the economics of this business are very attractive in North America and with the right regulatory framework, we would be very interested in considering capacity expansions in North America. And of course, specifically, what I was referring to is the lack of clarity with respect to climate change regulation, particularly within the EPA, and I think those messages resonated. Whether that can result in any action, I don't know because it's really not in the Congress' hands right now, it's in the hands of the EPA.
Stephen Wilson: I suspect that it's -- yes, it's additional capacity. It's a small amount and it's located in a location that's long way from our marketplace. I expect that to have a minimal impact.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we keep a list of, obviously, existing operating units as well as formally operating units. And so if we look at what might be available for restart, it's a pretty small list of pretty small facilities. On the other hand, the nitrogen business is good, so you would expect anyone who has a piece of hardware to be considering the sort of action that has been announced with respect to Geismar. Nitrogen demand globally is growing at a rate of about 3%, 3.5% a year, so the capacity in general is needed. And frankly, there are a lot of units in the world and in North America that have debottleneck potential, including some of our own facilities. So I think this is just a natural phenomenon in the marketplace. And I think, overall, our capacity is growing in relationship to demand in a comfortable way.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we would expect in general that they would return to kind of their historical levels but we really don't know that. There's a -- FERTECON is out with estimates of perhaps 3 million tons of each in 2011, but that's as good as any estimate we might make.
Stephen Wilson: Ben, we have no idea of what the economics of our peers' DEF business is. The economics of our own business are very attractive. This is a high margin business. It is, frankly, a small part of our business. I think in 2010, our DEF sales were in the range of $5 million to $6 million, and it consumed roughly the equivalent of 8,000 tons of granular urea. So it's a high-margin small sales revenue business right now, but it's ramping up very quickly as the truck fleet begins to be turned over. There will be substantially more truck builds in 2011 than there were in 2010. So it's on a steep curve from a small base and we love the business.
Stephen Wilson: And I guess I'd add that it's unlikely that we could replicate the kind of spring ammonia season we had last year just because everything was perfect last year, but it could be perfect again. So, who knows? With respect to industrial versus Ag, we continue to have industrial contracts come up for renewal. In some cases, we renew those industrial contracts on refreshed terms, if you will. In other cases, we've had a mutual agreement not to renew those contracts and shifted that business. I think we've modestly reduced the amount of industrial business in our mix but it isn't a substantial thing. It's gradually moving in the direction of a little bit more Ag, little bit less industrial. And again, as I think we said before, we don't have an objective of a particular mix. What we want is the best average margin we can get across our whole book of business.
Stephen Wilson: Well, Mark, I think it's a great question and it's a question that gets a lot of consideration here. Because of the success of shale gas and the substantial amount of supply, we continue to believe that there's more potential for lower gas costs than potential for higher gas costs. Having said that, if we saw gas prices out a few months to perhaps more months those that began with a three, we'd be gathering our gas committee together and begin to consider whether we ought to lock in some gas independent of our forward order book. That isn't to say we would do it, but we'd be seriously considering it, particularly assuming that the nitrogen market is as robust as it is now, we would be foolish not to consider base loading some gas at attractive prices.
Stephen Wilson: We have had -- our synergies have really been across several general areas of our business. They have been on ongoing basis, the biggest opportunity bucket has been in supply chain. It is the bucket that we identified from the very beginning as a great opportunity. It's turned out to be true. Example is today, we have about 10% fewer railcars in our fleet than we had a year ago on a combined basis. I think we're not done doing that. We have realized synergies, frankly, on the sales and revenue side by tweaking our mix of business, whether it's on a location basis or on a type of business basis. Procurement is an area where we've identified a lot of opportunities, many of those are yet to be realized because we have multi-year contracts in place and we will be examining those as they come up for renewal. In terms of G&A, we've had a lot of headcount reduction. We haven't seen the full year impact of that but we will have some further streamlining in that regard in the months ahead, and the ERP project will be a facilitator of that I think as we become more efficient in the way we conduct some of our back office functions, if you will. The ERP project, it's just beginning but our estimated cost of that's in the range of $30 million.
Stephen Wilson: Well, some of the materials I've read suggest that the livestock producers are not consuming as much feed as they were let's say, six months or a year ago. I think the last time that we had high grain prices, that was the first area where some stress showed up. Ethanol right now has been bouncing around between modestly cash positive and modestly cash negative. On the other hand, the mandate is a large mandate and so the ethanol is being produced and is being blended. But I think those are two areas to keep an eye on.
Stephen Wilson: It certainly impacts the global supply/demand situation in grain. And to the extent that there are shortfalls in production in any part of the world outside the U.S., it is on the margin of benefit to the U.S. farmers and would be a spur to demand for planting here and improve the economics for American farmers and therefore, the opportunity for us to benefit from that.
Stephen Wilson: Let me answer the second question first. Yes, we've done it in the past and certainly, we would consider it. It will be one of the items on our menu as we look at a whole range of opportunities for use of cash. I know I said this before but it's probably the most wonderful problem or challenge that a management team and a Board can have, and that is how to deploy the cash generation in the business. We've been very pleased with our rate of cash generation. We are excited about investment opportunities that we've identified and investment opportunities that we will consider. But returning cash to shareholders in some form appropriately will always be on the menu. With respect to Peru, nothing has changed in Peru other than a continuation of the, let's say, the uncertainty that we've had for at least a year or two, we're probably measuring this in years now. We don't believe that the expansion of the pipeline over the Andes to the coast will be completed soon. It's likely to take two years or more to get to the expanded pipeline. The commitment hasn't been made to undertake that yet. There's been no commitment to build the pipeline from that point down to our plant site. I know, Edlain, you asked a very specific question and that is, is there a deadline by which we have to make a decision? And from a practical standpoint, I would say no. That we certainly wouldn't make a decision without clarity on the availability of the gas and some other things. So if we were to get that clarity, we would refresh our analysis, refresh our capital cost estimates, refresh our view of the market. And in today's environment, frankly, we have to assess the relative cost of the feedstock. The game has changed since we've first looked at this project. The cost of gas, as we've just talked about a few minutes ago, in North America is down substantially and seems to be sustainable at a substantially lower level. So it would take certainly a very sharp pencil for the analysis to come out favorably at this point.
Stephen Wilson: Well, Mark, our model, which we update on a regular basis suggest that if you look at returns over variable costs, which we think is the right way to look at it on a marginal basis, that the returns available to an acre planted to corn are about $200 an acre higher than for beans. So we think there's a wide gap there. That doesn't mean that the competition might not heat up and the bean prices may rise and beat some of that acreage away, but it will take a pretty big increase in soybean prices for that differential to be close.
Stephen Wilson: I don't have a specific dollar amount but I can give you some indication of what fertilizer cost is as a percent of projected revenue. The 10-year average and again, this is with respect to corn, is about 19%, that's fertilizer cost as a percent of revenue. For 2010, we think it was about 11% and for 2011, our projection is for it to be about 14%. So fertilizer is eminently affordable, in fact, it is highly desirable for the farmer to maximize his yield. And on top of that, when we ended the last harvest year with about a 5% stocks-to-use ratio. That's incredibly low. It's certainly an uncomfortable level for U.S. agriculture and the food supply. So we think all that, frankly, the stars and the planets are aligned here to support corn planting.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we have to keep in mind that we've got a mix of industrial and Ag in there that affects it. And beyond that, what drives it is the timing of our orders being booked. Those of you who follow this business closely know the direction and the rough magnitude of pricing going into the spring and those kind of prices will be working their way into our realized mix in the next quarter or so.
Stephen Wilson: On the other hand, I guess I'd just add that one of the comforting factors of where we are today versus 2008 is that in 2008, everybody was buying way ahead. They were stocking up because they felt prices were always going to go up. And so the physical side of the business got way ahead of where the future economics were in the field. And so we don't see that happening now. I think the discipline that's being practiced now is good for everybody in the chain. And so even if there's a modest increase in stocking, I don't think it's likely to approach what we saw in 2008.
Bert Frost: I agree with that, Steve. We do have a positive order book, but we're also taking orders for spring for all of our products. We have available tonnage. And as Steve mentioned in the write-up, that when Woodward comes on stream, we'll have additional tonnage of UAN available to the market for the Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas region.
Bert Frost: We've had an interesting history at CF with forward sales and the creation of the FPP program and how that program was rolled out and accepted by different levels of the marketplace, whether that be a trader wholesaler or retailer. In 2008, we had people purchasing up to two seasons in advance. We're not sure that's a positive, it may be positive for CF but not necessarily positive for the market because when it collapsed, we had a lot of people with high priced product and inventory, which we benefited from but it delayed those shipments. So we don't really discuss our forward book to the market. We have taken some sales, not a great level of sales. I think what Steve was talking about was the level of interest. We're receiving a lot of inquiries. What we like to see are farmers booking and selling their corn or their produced products and booking their inputs. We see that as a positive indicator and movement for the market relative to risk.
Bert Frost: Well, we're pleased with the developments of DEF, which is under Lynn White, our Business Development person, but we're growing in that business. We're investing in that business. We have additional capacity that we're planning to bring on at additional locations. The 2011 volume, in terms of December on a fertilizer year, was significantly higher but still at a minimal, not material basis for us to report, but we're looking forward to this market. It is growing. The trucks that are being sold with this necessity are continuing to increase also. So we see positive days ahead.
Bert Frost: No, think you're right Steve. We are projecting -- again, when you look at the acreage and the additional end application that we're expecting, the whole nitrogen complex will benefit. If we do have a difficult weather that prohibits ammonia, we'll move right into the UAN and we think then urea would backfill behind UAN. So we're well-positioned to capture whichever direction it goes.
Bert Frost: Well, I would expand it to say the major crops being corn, soybeans, wheat and cotton. Obviously, corn is most favorable to CF because of the level of nutrients that it consumes. Wheat, probably secondary, and the wheat belt has been dry as of late and there's discussion in Texas that some of those acres will be turned over to cotton because you're right, the cotton price is extremely high and there is a deficit from what happened worldwide not only in Pakistan and what we're seeing in other parts of the world, but we're very positive. I think, again, I would've probably expand it even further to what's going on in South America with additional hectares coming online with probably up to a million. But they're reaching their limit of ease of coming online, not only the economics but the environmental issues of getting those permits and we’re looking at India and Pakistan, also in some of the big demand areas. So I'd say we're favorable N and we're favorably P but what will drive CF Industries.
Bert Frost: Well, we are paying a significant amount of attention to inventory because you're right, it does drive the decisions of the retail sector, as well as on the production side for what we do. And so we've been to a number of locations domestically as well as internationally to determine that level. We've traveled recently to South America. Steve and I were in India and Vietnam recently in January, meeting with some people to discuss and see what their opinions are going forward relative to negotiations. And then we spent January going around the United States and recently at the TFI. We're fairly confident that the inventory levels in the United States are low and as well as low worldwide for N&P. And for the fall, a lot of discussion on was spring pulled into fall or will spring be as big. Actually, we're very confident on spring, again, relative to acreage increase and end applications that will be increasing. We think spring will be very positive and strong for both products.
Bert Frost: The magic word is normal. Define that and then we could define what reality is, because what you saw on 2010 was a significant decrease in inventory levels of all products. The goal at the end of June 2010 was to be at zero inventory. That drove decision-making on purchases for February, March, April and May relative to that then we priced into the second half of 2010. I think because crop prices are so positive, the chain is accepting the wholesale retail trader and then users accepting the prices relative to returns, as Steve mentioned, and therefore, willing to probably hold more inventory at this time than they were last year.
