W. Anthony Will: Yeah, Chris, thanks for the question. So as we talked about before, D-ville is ideally situated to be able to export at those periods of time when there's attractive margin opportunities by exporting product. The fact that OCI has a really well-established distribution system and capability, particularly in regions as you mentioned like FITCO in Brazil that are in nitrogen-deficit areas that need to import products, matches up extremely well with our ability to export at those times. So we view this as a hand-in-glove kind of synergistic opportunity.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. There are significant operational synergies in here, just like we saw with Terra. We're going to have, as Bert mentioned, an ability to plug Wever directly into our distribution network and reduce total product miles that are shipped, reducing logistics costs, getting our products into the hands of our customers in a more efficient way and a more timely way. Additionally, we see substantial synergy opportunities by managing and integrating Geleen with the U.K. business at GrowHow. On top of that, our SG&A load on a per-ton basis will get more scale, and therefore lower cost per ton. And we believe that there's going to be substantial capital cost savings as well. If you look at the facilities being built in Wever, it's a Kellogg ammonia plant, sort of a big brother to the existing Kellogg systems that we have in place, but operating with a lot of similar-sized equipment. There's a Stamicarbon urea plant that's being built that is very similar to the new plants that we're building at Port Neal as well as at D-ville and Udaask (17:43) UAN complex, very similar to the one that's going in at Donaldsonville. So we have an opportunity to pool our spare parts as well as our engineering capability and get more for less. Again, I think that's good for the marketplace and the farmers. And then finally there are some structural benefits to this deal as well. We expect to get a big chunk of those right away, and then the rest will phase in sort of over a year or two timeframe before we get everything running on all cylinders. But we expect to ramp in those savings pretty quickly.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, so it's looking, methanol in North America right now, North America is similar to nitrogen in a deficit situation. We are a net importer. Methanol application demand is growing by about 7.5% per year globally. Now a lot of that growth is in China, but North America will continue to be in a deficit situation for the next, at minimum, several years and maybe beyond that. And so the dynamics at play are ones that we love in nitrogen, and it's basically a very natural add-on to what we already do.
W. Anthony Will: Morning, Don. There is quite a bit on the operational side. Obviously if you look at what our profitability is and the fact that we're a 34% taxpayer currently and what it will be at 20%, there's an awful lot of value there as well.
W. Anthony Will: Morning, Ben. Thanks. You know look, we don't even look at market share. For us it's not a relevant measure because we run all of our plants 365, 24/7 as hard as we possibly can, and the U.S. and North America is still in a major nitrogen deficit situation. Based on everything that's under construction today, North America is going to continue to be an import marketplace, bringing in about 25% of our total nitrogen requirements. So market share is sort of a meaningless number. We make every ton that we possibly can anyway. And because it is a global market, and because North America has to bid into the system 25% of our total needs from offshore, pricing is set in the market based on what the requirement is to bid those tons in and get them up into the Corn Belt. And everything trades on a global basis. So look, we don't view there being a significant issue here from an anti-trust perspective.
W. Anthony Will: So good morning, Sandy. Thanks for the question. You know this transaction is really about doing what we do best and the assets that fit well with our system and our network. And so that's really what drove the configuration. This package of assets really helps us drive a bunch of the synergies that we were looking to try to capture. And one of the benefits of this deal, because it is a stock-based consideration, is that shareholders from both companies participate in the synergies ratably on a go-forward basis.
W. Anthony Will: So as you mentioned, DEF is a growing product line primarily driven by emissions abatement. It is a product that we have continued to invest behind additional production capacity. And it's one of the product lines that's going to be available at the Wever facility. And that just, again, fits into our distribution network very well. It allows us to serve national accounts like Love's and Travel America and Pilot and others in terms of being able to meet needs across their entire network from another source point. So that's another strong element of this transaction.
W. Anthony Will: So, Jeff, you've absolutely got me and everyone else around the table stumped with the employee count question. It's not something we've focused on, but we can certainly figure that out and get it back to you. Again, we're not really looking at a trailing EBITDA. It's sort of irrelevant given the amount of capacity that we have coming online. We're going to be growing total capacity versus our base today by 65% in the next 24 months. So the right way to think about this is we have two world-scale plants under construction that are going to be online in the next 12 months. Wever is a world-scale plant that's going to be online in the next 12 months and Natgasoline in 2017. So as we look at sort of what both sides are contributing to this, we've got four world-scale plants that are in construction, and it's not a trailing basis that this deal is predicated on, it's what the future holds for us going forward.
W. Anthony Will: So look, there is obviously transaction cost associated with the deal. There's going to be some IT and integration costs going forward. A lot of those are kind of year one impact, and then the run rate synergies are going to kick in for that. But transaction costs would be typical for a deal of this size.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. P.J., on that front we take a look at kind of overall supply and demand and what's coming online in terms of new capacity. But given there's a number of producers in China that are hemorrhaging money, and in fact, the Nitrogen Association tried back in May, June to put a floor underneath the pricing. That worked for a while and then it kind of has traded back down again. Our view is for the foreseeable future the industry is going to continue to trade in a supply-driven mode where there's excess capacity. And it's really the Chinese marginal production that's going to dictate the floor. And so our view is sort of $300 per metric ton plus or minus is not out of whack in terms of how to think about the floor price from a traded ton perspective.
W. Anthony Will: Thanks, P.J. We're excited about methanol because it allows us to leverage our core capabilities in terms of our process and plant expertise, operation, safety. Being able to produce, handle, store and ship chemicals. We do that day in and day out. And the operation of a methanol plant is very similar to an ammonia plant. And so again, our process engineering guys will be a great help to us in that regard. It does provide a different end-use market which tends to be a bit more ratable, and it diversifies a bit our sector exposure. So there's some benefits there. And I think that is noticed and picked up by some of the rating agencies as well. So look, we're excited about it and we think it's a great opportunity. And we'll evaluate it as we go and make the decisions based on what kind of return of capital and expectations we have out of that business versus redeploying capital into other things or growth in that business. So it's really going to depend upon as we get into it how the business performs, and is at the right place for us to have investment of our shareholders' money.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Thanks, Adam. So, look, the way we look at this is we've got the industry forecast on price strips and so forth, we run them through the model and look at how much cash flow is available to us as a standalone entity, and then we look at what it looks like under the new configuration using that same price strip with the different platform. And of course we assume an ongoing return-of-capital program that's consistent with our capital allocation priorities, as we've done in the past. And so our view is that's an important element of continuing to drive shareholder value and we've modeled the same assumption into both cases.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, so, it's done at the same valuation as the original 45% purchases with equity appreciation for the developer/owner OCI of about 10% per year going forward. So it gives them a fair return to continue to develop and bring that project online. It allows us to participate in it once it's online without an additional capital load hitting our free cash flow between now and then. And it also allows us to really get to know the methanol market and evaluate what the return profile looks like to be able to make that decision appropriately in 2017.
W. Anthony Will: So – Thanks, Steve. You know, look, we have been for the last couple of years exporting somewhere in the neighborhood of 500,000 tons a year to 700,000 tons a year. Our expectation was that would likely grow to about 1.5 million tons a year, sort of even without this combination. I think what it does is it gives us access to some additional distribution points around the globe. It allows us to leverage some of the locations where OCI has some great relationships. We can think differently about product into the U.K. and/or into Europe leveraging the distribution systems, either through GrowHow and/or Geleen. So on the margin I'd say we might be – have opportunities to create incremental value for shareholders by exporting more. But time's going to tell, and Bert's going to do the analysis on what the net backs are for us by keeping that product here and sending it up the river versus moving it offshore. Bert, do you have...
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. So very quickly in terms of Brazil, OCI has a terrific joint venture partnership with FITCO in Brazil. It's a very valuable relationship. They take no currency risk. They get cash delivery before product hits. They don't have to demurrage costs or anything.
W. Anthony Will: It really is a terrific relationship, and we very much look forward to continuing to work with and trying to expand that relationship over time. We think that working with partners that know how to manage the local market where we're not taking currency risk or inventory risk is the best way to go. We'd prefer to partner with people as opposed to having to own the value chain end to end, and let those people manage risk in the way that they're better able to do it than we can.
W. Anthony Will: And then, Mark, your question about additional capital requirements. So this is the way I think about it. By the time we close this transaction, Wever will be up and operating and D-ville will basically be up and operating. The only CapEx left in terms of the capacity expansion projects for us is going to be the remaining tail on getting Port Neal operational. As I mentioned, OCI, who does a terrific job of developing and constructing world-class assets, is doing the Natgas project, and so they're doing the CapEx spend on that to get it up and operational. So there's no capital load on us relative to getting that project up and running. And think about it this way which is on an ongoing CapEx maintenance perspective, we're increasing our total production capacity when we're fully up and operational and OCI is fully up and operational by about 25%. And so our sustaining capital is going to go up by about 25%, which means if we were spending on average about call it $400 million, it's going to be in the range of $500 million-ish in the future. So that's probably the right way to think about it.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. So right now there is not a significant hedge position in place, at least from an economic benefit or exposure perspective on the businesses that we're buying. We are absolutely looking at how we want to manage gas purchase across our European system now with the combination of both GrowHow and the Geleen asset going forward. We think there are going to be some opportunities there to bring some of the same approach and discipline that we have in the U.S. with our existing asset base to bear. But the great thing about the assets in Europe is the gas cost is declining, particularly when a lot of it is the oil-linked gas is some of the highest-priced stuff in Europe right now and it continues to drop with Brent price dropping. So these assets are getting more and more attractive as opposed to the other way around. It's really an exciting time to be adding them to our portfolio.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. So we're absolutely going to have someone moving in to the U.K. to be running the U.K. operations. Actually that's part of Bert's team. And because it is a global market and prices are set globally we're going to be very coordinated in terms of what happens over there with what we do on this side. So think about it as being a coordination effort but local decision-making based on the dynamics in play in the local market.
W. Anthony Will: Thank, Charlie. You know again, as I mentioned before, North America's going to continue to be about 25% running a deficit, so – and that product is – tends to be used extensively in the growing regions in the Mid-Continent sort of Corn Belt region. So there will still be over a million tons of UAN that's got to find its way up the Mississippi and into the application region. There is still all that ammonia and urea that's coming into the country. And the way that pricing is set, as you well know, it's the price in the Gulf plus the transport cost to get in to market. And that – it doesn't change as a result of this transaction; it's more of the same.
W. Anthony Will: The other thing I'd say in that regard, Charlie, is Bert's being a little modest here but he's really led a significant amount of capital investment in our distribution facility so that we can bring more product in more quickly, we can refresh and reload the tanks and then we can also do outbound much more quickly. And as a result of a bunch of those investments in our asset and distribution network, we're able to serve the needs of the customers that much more efficiently, which is why we continue to deliver terrific ammonia volumes year-in and year-out.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. Andrew, thanks for the question. Look, I would view this as a combination with great industrial logic. This is sort of normal course, cross-border M&A. And the issue at the end of the day is OCI is a Dutch company. And in order to be willing to do this combination, we needed to have a European headquarters. They weren't interested and it didn't make sense from a value destruction standpoint to keep the headquarters here. So that was not a deal that was on the table. They weren't interested in it. And the only way to really do it was to move the headquarters. So this is not a tax-driven deal. Sure it's a nice little bit of juice, but this is a deal with great industrial logic, great strategic benefits. And it's sort of ordinary course, cross-border M&A.
W. Anthony Will: Well, we're at the moment worried about just kind of getting this one both integrated and firing on all cylinders, so we've had a lot of people kind of burning the midnight oil in order to get this one to this stage, and we've got to get it closed and get it operating before we think about anything else.
W. Anthony Will: We're excited about 55% new capacity coming online in the next 24 months. That's some pretty sizable growth right there.
W. Anthony Will: Well, there is a possibility actually to move or to do a methanol-to-gasoline process. And that is one of the options that, in fact, OCI is looking at for the Natgasoline project itself. And that has some really interesting implications, in particular there's some demand in California for this – it's really an ultrapure form of gasoline. So we're going to evaluate that hand-in-hand with OCI as we look forward and figure it out. In the U.S., though, principally most of methanol production is currently used in formaldehyde and acetic acid processes, it's not used that much for energy currently in the U.S., but there is that optionality. Although I got to say we're big fans of the ethanol market, we're supporting the corn growers in ethanol.
Bert A. Frost: No, I agree, I think what this allows us to do is to have additional source points to fit into our existing system to logistically serve our customers in a more efficient way than we do today. So we're excited about the additional capacity that will come on, and also to help our retail customers and wholesale customers. As Tony mentioned we will still get import market, but by putting this together with our system you're allowing that end of the value chain to not have to import, taking on possibly a $10 million position that has to come in a ship and have a 60-day voyage from purchase to delivery. With this additional capacity coming online integrated into our system, those customers can then buy smaller lots, be more efficient with their capital, and then they can serve the farmer. We do not sell to the farmer; we sell to the retail and the wholesale unit systems. So we believe this will be advantageous. Regarding CAN in Europe, it's a great product. CAN and AN are used in a different way than we do in the United States for agriculture, different type of agricultural system. But CAN has been a growth product in a number of different areas as well as some other treatment areas. So I think it will be a good addition to our platform.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah. If I expressed caution I would say probably just a relist. We're in a market that is a global market, and we're competing across the globe as a producer and as well as a distributor of these products. And so we pay attention to a lot of the macro issues as well as regional issues. Macro issues being currencies, commodities, and we've seen some fluctuations in the commodity – the soft commodity markets the last few months; a rising, corn market then a falling corn market which drives demand in North America and South America. But also some of the economic turbulences, whether it be Greece or China and how that can affect our markets. So I think where we've been is we've been prudent. We've built a very solid order book going through or into Q4 for UAN. And we're preparing for fall applications of ammonia and taking orders for that period also. So I – if I sounded – and I hope I didn't sound negative because I think we are very positive. We are looking at almost 90 million acres of corn to be planted for next year; those applications will start in the fall. We are seeing some difficulties in Brazil today and I think that's a currency issue, and that's based on last year with some debt, dollar debt coming due, but it's the real or their local currency has put the farmers as well as those who purchased fertilizer earlier in dollars at a disadvantage. So we have to see how that develops and how demand develops going forward. But our order book is solid. And I think CF is well positioned for this year and probably into next year.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah, good morning, P.J., this is Bert. And when you look at what's going on in China, and we've talked about this in past quarters how different regulation, different governmental edicts, different sector controls that are trying to be put in place on the nitrogen group, coal prices have been changing. We believe they're at a low and over time will probably be moderating up. We have through various industry publications that number of $260 to $300 per metric ton has been put out there as probably the basis for the marginal producer. However, what we're seeing today is not a lot of activity below $280 per metric ton. And at the recent Indian tender you saw a lot of resistance from the Chinese industry and not a lot of support. Now, that being said, probably 800,000 tons will be heading to India on this recent tender with the rest from Iran and maybe a few other locations like the Baltics or the Black Sea. But that being said, I think the Chinese producer is struggling today; and with the projection of the new VAT tax that's set to come online in September, and then what we've talked about in the past on other costs increasing, just operational costs such as freight and production, that you're going to see that marginal cost increasing slowly. But that does provide a very nice core for probably the industry around the world and for CF when we're buying gas at $2.70. And so for a urea price for the deal, I'll hand that back to Tony.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah. I think the main concept is we're ambivalent whether it stays in the domestic market or it's exported. It's a net back analysis or a platform analysis on what is best for the system. And there are times when we go through a dearth of orders in North America it makes sense for us to move product offshore in a seamless way, which you've seen us do into France, the Netherlands, and the U.K. for UAN, as well as for ammonium nitrate we've done it in Central and South America; same with urea, and ammonia, we've moved that all over the world. And so we're constantly looking at our platform, our products, our production mix to put that into the right profitability position for the company. But I do see us exporting more as we build – as we have more capacity and more opportunities and more distribution opportunities, we think that will only grow.
Bert A. Frost: That's spot on. What you're seeing with the FITCO or with many other opportunities like that is our desire to do what we do well, which is produce and distribute our products to a point, but not being exposed to currency, demurrage, and other risks that are associated with some of these offshore markets. We know the FITCO people well and the Fertipar people well. But Brazil is a tough market. And I think you're seeing that in some of the players today, some of the bankruptcies and risks that are coming out now today with the currency problems. So I think our direction is a little bit different than PCS's and Mosaic where they desire the distribution to the end customer. That might work well for their business, but I think where we are, we're very satisfied just staying what we do best.
Bert A. Frost: Yes. The Mosaic agreement today is principally out of Trinidad, and so we're bringing that product from PLNL, our joint venture based in Trinidad, on vessels up to the Tampa terminal, and it's about 50,000 tons, 60,000 tons per quarter. And so not – when you look at the totality of what we did in the quarter coupled with what we did in the six months, we were – had almost a record, actually our second best year or six month period in ammonia. Why? Well, a lot of that was driven with the favorable weather in the Corn Belt and the ability to continue to move ammonia into different parts of the Corn Belt as demand materialized in those positions. So it was a very, very good ammonia season for us to date.
Bert A. Frost: Well, it depends product by product. And we have exported in the past year all four of our major nitrogen products, being ammonium nitrate, UAN, urea and ammonia. And you have to remember for each of those products there are different demand periods. So, for example, ammonia is a narrow window in November and then in April and May. For UAN it's mostly an April/May consumption period, urea is more consistent throughout the year. And so as we look at different markets or different points in the United States, that can be a freight view from our different production locations that are on different railroads. And so when you're looking at an export opportunity, that is at Donaldsonville, that's the only facility in North America that can export. And so it's compared against that next best option for freight and delivery cost, net cost, to the retail or wholesale customer. And so compared against that and the timing and the shipments and the needs of the system, exports on paper can be a lower net-back but an optionality can be a better decision for the company. So that's how we look at it. We look at it holistically at the time and trying to plan our production runs and product runs to best benefit the system and our customers throughout the year.
