Anthony Will: Thanks, Dennis. Before we open the call to questions, I want to thank all CF employees for their work in the fourth quarter and for the full year. This past Monday marks the 72nd anniversary of CF's founding, CF is a vastly different company today than when it begins over seven decades ago. It's also a very different company then when I joined 11 years ago. In that time, we've grown from 6 ammonia plants to 17, exited the phosphate business, developed new product offerings and expanded our global presence.  In doing so we consistently improved operations and safety, delivered synergies and enhance the free cash flow generation capacity of the company. Our ability to do this is the result of what hasn’t changed about CF. The enduring performance culture our people have built. Our culture drives our commitment to safety and operational excellence, disciplined capital allocation and corporate Stuart chip. These have made CF industries more efficient, agile and forward-looking than ever before. We are one of the best commodity chemical companies in the world and we are well positioned to meet the market challenges and to make the most of the opportunities in the years ahead. With that operator we will open the call to questions.
Anthony Will: I think if you look at the aggregate amount of the ammonia that went down in the fall, I don’t think its statistically outside the sort of the historical numbers and as Bert said, we had a little bit of improvement in terms of the ag application, fall of '17 versus fall of '16 but a lot of that volume was industrial, we don’t think its robbing nutrient demand for the spring at all. 
Anthony Will: So, on the likelihood of this to come back, I think that the combination of gas plants that are down there in the winter and some of the gas production could come back on depending what L&G price shows up as you get into the spring in summer, but most of the plants that are facing set down or curtailment as a result of the environmental rigs, we don’t really expect those plants to like to comeback. The cost associated with the scrubbing and elimination of the emissions is so high and given where kind of the product is trading on a global basis it just doesn’t make sense. We think that ultimately the kind of the denominator is going to continue to shrink in terms of available capacity in China, relative to are they going to be sort of just reducing export volumes versus [technical difficulty] that import and I'll turn that over to Bert. 
Anthony Will: We always have to remember Joel as your roll through the fourth quarter the prices were when you roll into the quarter and as you are selling into the market what that looks like, so you read it today as about $255 per short-term in NOLA. UAN is probably $170 plus per short term in NOLA and we've moved volumes at those numbers and we believe that those numbers will increase as we get closer to spring and so like we've said in our in the prepared remarks to bring a vessel in from the Arab Gulf, at today's prices urea needs to value probably closer or above 270 and UAN probably at a discount on an end basis needs to increase in price also just to be at parity with urea. 
Anthony Will: So historically what we've done is we've tried to put out the next year's cost curve as part of our third quarter call and then we cannot to do a lot of updating on it during the year. And so the cost curve is on page 25 of our material but page 26 has the embedded assumptions in it, so in that curve which was generated kind of back in the September timeframe for publish and in October and November, the RMB exchange rate was 6.8 versus 6.3 today and Henry Hub gas has also come down kind of $0.10 or $0.15 and what's not shown in there is the basis differentials and a lot of the locations where we're actually buying gas has also gapped out in a favorable way for us.  So, on as we look at what the forward curve of gas plus basis differential is into 2018 versus 2017 were about a $100 million favorable '18 versus '17 just in gas alone and meanwhile putting in the exchange rate and ocean free factors into the cost curve increases the top end of that curve can I call it $15 to $20 maybe $25. So, the balance of those things has created a pretty favorable tailwind for us and if you think about kind of our opportunity to participate in and improving nitrogen environment. A urea price of $25 translates into about 350 million of incremental EBITDA generation for us over the course of the year.  So that's why you are hearing some pretty more positive commentary from us than we've said in the past. We also although expect there to be a normal reset comfort quarter given where European gases and Chinese cost structures, we don’t think we're going to be back in the world of 160 urea this year what we were last year, we were there for three months, almost four months last year. Both the combination of simply favorable first half indications as well as our belief that the lows don’t get anywhere close to where they were last year, that makes us pretty optimistic about where the year ends up. 
Anthony Will: We have 50% of one ammonia plant down there as [indiscernible] nitrogen limited and the original gas contract on that plant ran through 2018, we have a unilateral right to extend it an additional five years and NGC Gas Company Trinidad was kind disputing our right to extend, we went to arbitration in London and won, so they upheld our right to do it and NGC has recognized that fact and so, we have a gas contract in place through 2023, we're getting a 100% of our requirements and we're pretty pleased about that.  We do think longer term that does based on pretty sizable challenges around being competitive just based on where the cost structures compared to North America natural gas. And I say from our prospective, that’s not a bad thing, we rather give up the economics on one half of one plant and see all the rest of that production challenged from the global basis and then have that be a low-cost production source. So, we're pretty constructive on the impact that has overall. 
Anthony Will: Just starting with like I said really the weather and the possible negatives, are that we're having some drought type conditions in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas and just looking at that area but that represents may be 200,000 to 300,000 total tons of urea. So not a big impact on a 11-million-ton market and even if that goes in urea price rallies we're believing that that would just then move to Canada and you would see greater applications of plantings for your spring and then in the P&W.  So, when we look at urea today, we're behind on our imports and well it be needs to be in place to satisfy demand, we do believe that some of the other plants have not operated optimally and that product is probably not in position. We have operated well, we do have product tin position and when you look at the global pricing structure of 265 out of where it goes today on a vessel and on a barge without the margin that lands with NOLA about 270 per short ton were not there yet and we need to get there and I believe that we will and probably exceed that number.  UAN has been trading into 160 to 170 range and has been trading at a discount to urea which just traditionally not the case and again our plans have been operating at capacity, we've exported a significant amount of product but it's also been working to get our inventory positions in place and again we look around that some of the other operating units in the North American markets are probably have not operated at capacity and the imports are down on UAN also and that’s a harder product to get into position as you are moving the liquid product either from the east coast all the way to the Eastern Midwest or at the Gulf coast up in the Midwest.  And so, we believe as we've moved into our spring application season especially if it's early that could be a very good dynamic for us. You are correct on the international ammonia market it has weaken that's a reflection of lot of ammonia plants that were on turnaround extended turnaround during the low prices periods of Q3 and Q4 have since come back on especially in Northern Africa and so some of those prices have moderated down a bit. But we're seeing healthy demand over the phosphate market as well as Asian industrial demand and so we believe that will hit a nice floor and probably operate in a higher price range than we had last year. 
Anthony Will: Well, I mean these structural changes incur in season that are short-term issues generally and they are driven by economic as well as economic policy and interest rates and what is perceived to be growth or opportunities driven by those various economies. And so, the weak dollar could be around for quite a while especially with what we're seeing coming out of Washington with fiscal spending or lack of fiscal control. And so, when you look at an imbalance obviously we are pretty focused on calculating what we produce and moves as well as enters the United States, however we don’t view CF as a balancing mechanism, we're market driven and if we make more money going to the international market, we will export as I said in our prepared remarks, we can export even more.  And so how we look at this market as there is a natural build up and draw down in the North America market as we work through the agricultural cycle. And then we layered into our business, our industrial book which is an important part because of 24/7 in terms of demand. And then we look at as we roll out of the spring season in United states that opportunities that are available to us and we have consistently and constantly worked with our international customers to be able to be a nice receiving point for our product, [indiscernible] with our deep water docks we can load several vessels at a time. And so, yes, the net backs are attractive for us, whether Europe, South America or even Asia when we’ve done all of the above last year. So, we’re ready for that eventually if it does come and we do believe it will be net back attractive for the company. 
Anthony Will: I think on the role of capital deployment we have been pretty consistent saying that we want to take out the rest of the 500 million of 2020 bonds that are at a relatively high interest rate. And then it will get us down to one foot, one status taken out to a place where we feel is a very sustainable amount of leverage for the business across the cycle.  And so I would say another kind of 500 million and then we will start thinking a little bit more broadly about other opportunities, obviously we went out with just under 400 million to buy in that [TN] CLP units that were out there, because it represented a tremendous opportunity for us both in terms of will it will add on a free cash flow basis and also just simplifying our perfect structuring and cost reduction efforts back here in the home office. So, can saying, start deploying capital and what I would turn it in more offensive way.  I think on going industry consolidation is inevitable and it's really a function of what the market prices require to clear trade in terms of when that kind of stuff starts happening. We're open to being outside of the U.S. as you seen with our UK acquisition that has been a tremendous benefit for us and we're really pleased with it. But there are some regions in the world where we’re more likely to go than others, that’s a U.S. company, subject to SEPA and [OFAC] and other challenges and certain regions and more difficult than others. And were difficult than others. We will focused on places where we think we can operate in ways that are and in keeping with our culture and the stripped interpretation of the law. So that limits to unites to some extent. 
Anthony Will: So, let me answer the gas question first. You are correct in where we're hedged and you're correct that from our previous announcement that has not changed.  So never say never but the opportunity available to us on gas at today's production rate it almost hitting 80 per day and where consumption is and you look at the build into fall of 2018 we feel very-very good where we are with the resource base and the activity that's going on and now with oil around $60 for TWI the associated gas it's going to be coming online with that production is puts us in a very comfortable position and as Chris or Tony mentioned the collapse or the basis has made it even more attractive not to position ourselves with hedges and so our people stay in this current environment through 2018 and so we look at these things monthly for the gas committee.  On the psychology of the retail wholesale and trader group and of our customers is interesting because a lot of people got punish last year a lot of access material came into the United States pricing collapsed in late February or early March and just works steadily down weak-by-weak as we entered May and early June that I want to say that low as of$160 per ton for urea and NOLA and stayed there well into Q3. And I think because of the losses that were incurred there is a lot of hesitation and taking large import positions and bringing them in and distributing them. That's why in our communication with our customer why we believe we are well positioned in that our customers provide truck at a time, a railcar at a time, a barge at a time, take larger positions if they want to and we've structurally positioned ourselves with inventory throughout the United States to pick-up that opportunity.  So, I would say I would classify that the retail wholesale and trader group as risk averse but positively inclined to participate in the market this spring believing that we are going to have 89 to 91 million acres of corn, buy lower levels of wheat, higher levels of soybeans but overall good applications of NPNK [ph] and we're preparing ourselves to participate in a good way this year. 
Anthony Will: On the coal side, P.J part of what is helping on the coal a little bit of government hand in terms of managing output production at the mine. So there has defiantly been some restrictions on the number of operating days and the number of mines that have closed is in astronomical number.  And additionally, you see the see borne coal rates have gone up quite a bit. Now could they reverse that trend, sure but I think that’s going pretty much against what they stated policy has been which is try to make the companies that are remaining more profitable both from the coal side all the way through the conversion and get rid of the some of the zombie industry problems that they had.  Additionally, there is strong desire from an environmental prospective to kind clean up the environment and review submissions. So, we don’t believe that you will see the coal price go back down again. And there are lot of factors that are impacting the economics there, coal being one, the exchange rate being another one, the elimination of subsidies to chemical plants and on rail and for electricity being another, so I think there is a lot of factors that are driving the reduction of production in China.  And going back to the notion of on a global supply basis, to the extent that those plants are running and China continues to need to feed its population that’s just going instead of putting tons out into the marketplace that’s going to soak up tons.  And so, from our prospective that’s an outstanding result because ultimately there are going to be buying of tons and it's going to further tighten up the overall SMB balance.  If you look at [indiscernible] on a per ton basis in 2016 it was like $115 a ton in '17 it was up to 151 currently it's like almost 180. Again, that is a dramatic increase in terms of the cost structure there and we really don’t see that turning around and going the other direction. 
Anthony Will: You look what’s coming on in terms of these new plans in the various regions you articulated. Generally, I do [indiscernible] in contract with in terms -- if the major equipment comes through from the builds whether it be German, Italian or -- and then with support so we believe that we're not holding back thinking that these are substandard groups we think they are world scale capabilities. 
Bert Frost: The current market we just return from the TFI, The Fertilizer Institute meetings in San Diego has just interact with our customers as and just get a feel for where we are in the market and we believe we are in a very good place, imports have then lagging behind and you are right there is a window of when those urea and UAN vessels need to right to be how to make it on to a barge or a rail car and move up into the Midwest. And I wouldn’t say that just by arrival mid to late April at worse and that means you maybe get on the water probably by early to mid-march and so we're watching those vessels and we have been lagging behind on imports and we expect that to continue.  However there has been additional capacity that has come online our own in the United States and others that is coming or yet to come online and so we have to wait and see how this plays out. I think the risk is that arriving too late into this market would penalize the importer and probably put them in a bad position as we get the reset position in June or July. Pricing is firm and probably getting firmer, applications are yet to start normally they start in Texas we have seen some of that but it's a little bit dry in Oklahoma and Kansas for the lead top dress market, were rain is expected in the next week or two so we expect that to kick off and then we have spring applications in Romania starting they have already have settled a little bit in Southern Illinois so I would say we are weeks away if we have an early spring it could be pretty good. 
Bert Frost: We did have a very good ammonia fall, we had record shipments but that includes exports our agreement with Mosaic our industrial contracts as well as fall applications of ammonia. We think the industry did very well on fall applications but there is certain market that are fall and there are certain markets that are spring and so your ice states and some in the Nebraska are generally pretty big fall ammonia application markets, the spring markets are more in the East, Canada did pretty well in the fall but there is still quite a bit to go up in Canada as well as the Dakotas. So, we're ready and believe that we will still have a fairly large ammonia spring and I don’t think that will impact urea applications nor UAN, at the price of UAN today, we believe that UAN still has some upside but also attractive end for this spring application. 
Bert Frost: I think you covered this, the factors that we’re watching and we do believe that they will continue, they’ve already imported some from Gulf and some Iranian supply and we believe that that will continue especially in the Northern ports. They have announced an inventory build programs we think that's a little bit late when you look where they are on operating rate and production output coupled with demand and inventory, we think they are going to be challenged to meet their spring requirements. 
Bert Frost: The other things on that one Adam in terms of Ammonia is that last year the vessel was already so we weren’t able to ship to Mosaic or kind of to our supply agreement and we ended up having to export a bunch of that ammonia this year there is the work shipping against that contract which is between call it 600,000 and 800,000 tons of ammonia that will shipped alone and the impact to that means that we're not because that's a gas plus base deal we're not really looking at ammonia exports for the year and because that's a gas plus arrangement where less exposed to kind of where international ammonia prices trade because there is not a one for one co-relation between the international ammonia price and Midwest and ammonia because if you don’t have the terminal we can't get the product there anyway. So, the good news is even though it's weakening we are pretty insulated against that price change. 
Bert Frost: I think the other thing I would add to that John is that if you look at the experience that we've had here in North America with companies that actually are in the business of doing this, if things have tended to cost more and things have started up later than what people thought here in North America. It's sort of hard to believe as you look at some of these other places that you've likely see sort of a different experience, in some cases you might see experience that’s adverse compared to what we experience. 
