Stephen Wilson: Thanks, Rich. Obviously, we're very pleased with the results we delivered in the first quarter, and we continue to be bullish about the second quarter and the rest of the year. Planting intentions are very high, and we have the products on hand to support farmers’ needs for plant nutrients. Wet conditions have delayed planting in many areas. This causes 3 types of concerns in our business: ultimate planted acreage, product mix and transportation.  It's still too early to know whether late planting ultimately will reduce the number of acres of corn planted compared to intentions. However, the economic incentive for farmers to plant corn never has been greater than it is this year. We continue to believe that 92 million acres of corn is achievable.  The next area of concern over a wet spring is what changes it might drive in nutrient application. In areas in which planting is late and field conditions are still moist, some farmers are likely to go straight to planting as soon as conditions become acceptable rather than take the time to apply ammonia. In these cases, the growers will plan to return to the fields later to apply UAN, urea or ammonia as side-dress. The net result of this change would be a decrease in total ammonia applied and an increase in the demand for urea and especially for UAN. We've been producing UAN flat out to position ourselves to take advantage of this potential opportunity. Getting UAN and urea to the areas where they are needed also has been complicated by the high water levels on the river system. In this respect, we have a number of important advantages, including a large interconnected network, in-market plants and terminals and a team that has spent the last year focusing on how to optimize plant sourcing for customer orders.  Because of these strengths, our customers can rely on us to meet their needs even when conditions are difficult. The current set of logistical challenges presents a great opportunity for our team to demonstrate its ability to execute in a nimble and effective fashion. I'm confident that they are doing just that. Transportation and field work limitations in the spring also may constrain domestic demand for phosphates. Still, we're in a comfortable position for the second quarter having found several opportunities to export to South and Central America at attractive net backs. We expect world phosphate prices to remain strong due to growing demand and delays in new projects. As we look into the second half of the year, 2 factors continue to bolster our confidence in both nitrogen and phosphate markets. First, we believe strongly that the economic incentive to plant corn in North America will persist. And second, conservative fertilizer stocking practices will keep our customers coming back in the summer and fall. We've already booked a meaningful amount of forward business for those periods and the prices we've achieved support our optimism.  We also feel good about the natural gas environment. We see no reason to expect anything but relatively stable, attractive natural gas cost in North America and a persistent cost advantage compared to European and most Chinese producers.  Given the underpinnings of our business, including high demand for grain and ongoing favorable natural gas cost relationships, we believe that the company is in a sustained period of strong earnings and cash flow. We believe that this has resulted in a fundamental shift in the cyclical nature of our performance, leading to the likelihood of our producing both higher lows and higher highs in our financial results. We know that investors are very interested in our intended uses of the cash that we're generating in this favorable environment. Over the next several months, the management team and the board will continue to study our opportunities to increase shareholder value through investment in growth projects or otherwise. Given the industry conditions in North America, we're likely to find some very compelling growth projects here.  It's also important to note that the amount of cash we expect to generate in upcoming periods should be enough to support multiple capital priorities, which could include returning more cash to shareholders. A final note on the Terra integration, although we'll continue to seek all opportunities to optimize our business, I consider the basic operational integration of CF Industries and Terra to be complete. We exceeded our synergy targets, we operate with a single face to our customers and suppliers and we work as a unified team. I'm very proud of the work our team did on this operational integration.  The remaining piece of the integration process is our ERP system implementation which is off to a good start and should be completed sometime next year. With that, let's open the call to your questions. Regina, please explain the Q&A procedure.
Stephen Wilson: Well, you're right. We have been focusing on max UAN production. I think our approach to urea prices has been a disciplined one. And, Bert, I'd ask you to elaborate if you like.
Stephen Wilson: Vince, I remind you that our focus is always on what the margin is in our book. We're very pleased with where our margin level is across all our products.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we're obviously pleased with the valuation. We view Verdigris as a very important facility in our portfolio. The structure of that is the structure that we inherited. We're comfortable with where it is, and we think it's an interesting indication of the value of nitrogen assets.
Stephen Wilson: Mike, well, our process is continuing. We've met a lot of excellent candidates, and when we reach a conclusion, we will be making an announcement. But with respect to uses of cash, we will be -- we will continue to study all of our alternatives for investing and otherwise deploying cash. And when those decisions mature, we'll be announcing them.
Stephen Wilson: Mike, I just said they’re not directly related. Obviously, conceptually they are and functionally they are, but they're not. They're not joined at the hip.
Stephen Wilson: I think there are 2 factors at work in China that probably both work to the North American producers' long-term advantage, or at least short-term advantage I should say. First is the high input cost, the higher coal cost is putting pressure on their fertilizer production. And the second factor is the adoption of this new sliding scale export tax which effectively puts a pretty low ceiling on the net backs available to Chinese producers by exporting and is apparently intended to keep Chinese urea production inside China. One is a short intermediate term factor, the other is a long-term factor, and I think they work to our benefit.
Stephen Wilson: Edlain, we have obviously a portfolio of nitrogen complexes in North America, 7 of them. As we put our very talented new technical team together, they are looking at our configuration from a physical standpoint, what opportunities do we have for efficiency gains, what opportunities do we have for debottlenecks, what opportunities might we have to upgrade some more of our ammonia into upgrading projects. All of those things are under study. And we certainly are in an environment where those kinds of projects ought to have very good returns. Historically, those inside defense projects have generated very high returns for us, and we expect that some opportunities there will be consistent with that past experience. Greenfield production in North America is an interesting concept. There was an announcement by Dow recently that they're going to exploit the improved natural gas situation in the U.S. by making some investment. In our case, it's an intriguing proposition. On the other hand, the regulatory climate in Washington is not conducive to that at the moment. There's uncertainty at best and probably an unfavorable environment at worst. For us, almost always, in fact probably always, the cheapest incremental capacity comes from debottlenecks. So those are the things that will probably rise to the top of the list.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we have a significant portion of our business as industrial business. We are in the process of -- that's kind of a migration process. Some of that business has moved or will move to ag and the rest of the industrial business is being reviewed and recast where we have opportunity to do so, changing the pricing approach and so forth. So we'll continue to tweak that. I will tell you that the pricing that we're getting in the ag part of our business is consistent with the kind of prices that you've seen published over the last number of months.
Stephen Wilson: Well, on that you have to look at -- I think for Europe, what you read in the publications relative to Tampa, Tampa-based pricing and how that’s worked through on the industrial side, and then ag is also reflected in the publications. And I think those spreads will be fairly consistent.
Stephen Wilson: Something like that and so it doesn't take -- in any given region, it doesn't take more than a week to 10 days to get most of the crop in the ground.
Stephen Wilson: Well certainly, we look at opportunities that come along, and we're not averse to developing our own opportunities when we see the right set of circumstances. What drives the potential appeal of an offshore greenfield investment would be access to a reliable low cost source of raw materials, a stable political and economic climate friendly to foreign investment, access to deepwater to move the product into the markets and of course reasonable proximity to ultimate markets. Those are the things that would drive our decisions. That set of circumstances is what first drove us to look at Peru.
Stephen Wilson: I'll just make a general comment, Dave. And I'll turn it over to Tony Will. While the original hardware is 30 to 40 years old, when you look at our plants, in general, they don't look that old because we have maintained them well, and we'll continue to do that in the future. And frankly, we sort of rebuilt them piece by piece. And in terms of the short term, yes, and more technical things, Tony, go ahead.
Stephen Wilson: David, I'll just reiterate what I said earlier and that is that we as a management team and our board will consider a broad range of investment opportunities and other ways to deploy cash. And included in that list will be sending cash to shareholders in one form or another. So it's the full menu, and we'll be looking at all those things.
Stephen Wilson: Dave, my overall comment that I made about the integration process included reference to that aspect of our business. We are operating as a single marketing unit. We are out there every day, working to optimize or, excuse me, maximize our margins in our business on a day-to-day basis as well as the long-term basis. Does that mean that everything is completely up to date? No, the one exception is some of this industrial business that's done on a contract basis. But as those contracts expire, they either get renewed or terminated depending on discussions. But in the grand scheme of things, that's a relatively small part of our whole portfolio. But we feel great about where we are in all aspects of the integration, including the ERP installation even though it's in an early stage.
Stephen Wilson: Tim, we have seen a very rapid growth in the DEF business, consistent with our original view of the evolution of the market. Our shipments in the first quarter were roughly 6x what they were a year ago. We see the growth in the market tracking along with the number of truck builds, and the number of new truck builds is consistent with the outlook that we had last year when we first looked inside the hood at the DEF business.
Stephen Wilson: We're very pleased with the size of our order book. The amount of customer advances is a function of, obviously of the amount of forward business that we have. And we're comfortable with the mix of business and the margins included in that, but we don't break it down by product.
Stephen Wilson: Horst, I don't think so. I mean, the first quarter generally is a quarter in which we position ourselves to deliver a large volume of product to our customers, and that's what we did in the first quarter. What you'll see is we will deplete inventory in the second quarter. We will turn customer deposits into operating cash flow and our goal of course is to come out of the spring season with a reasonable level of inventory going into the full season as low as we can get it.
Stephen Wilson: Horst, we operate so many facilities, based on the front end, 13 ammonia plants, that we almost always have some facility either in turnaround or about to be in turnaround. And so for us to put out a schedule would be a continuous process and I'm not sure would help you that much.
Stephen Wilson: With respect to greenfield production, it isn't so much the permitting. It is what the EPA may do with respect to regulating CO2 as coming out of the ammonia plant. Where in the chain CO2 might be regulated. Will it be regulated at the ammonia plant level? Will it be regulated even at the farm level as it's released from urea? It's an unknown. And unlike some other commodities, the carbon intensity of what we do is extremely high. With respect to Peru, the general situation hasn't changed in the last quarter. But perhaps, there's been a bit more uncertainty injected in the situation. They had an election in Peru. There are now 2 candidates in the running for the final election. The outcome of this election could result in a political environment that is less conducive to investment projects like ours, but that's not clear at this point. I think the 2 candidates are neck and neck currently. The other development that occurred is that there has actually now been an announcement that the expansion of the pipeline over the Andes bringing gas to the coast has been delayed. And so those factors are working in the same general direction and that is we don't feel it's desirable at this point to be spending a lot of effort or money on that project.
Stephen Wilson: This is obviously possible that scenario could unfold, but you never know. You never know what the weather is going to be like in the summer time, how intense the heat will be and so forth and so on. But certainly, that scenario is a plausible one.
Bert Frost: I think your question is forward, but also about what happened in March and April, if I understand it correctly. And we're pleased with our book that we took on urea and the other products going forward. I think relative to your question, will the market continue at the same pace that we had in April and May, it is very positive right now. The world markets do support today the pricing that we're currently experiencing. And we do see positive things coming out of India and restrictions out of China will play positively for us out of NOLA and Medicine Hat for urea.
Bert Frost: We don't comment on our book specifically. The market today is expressing that urea is over the first quarter. But again we can't give the forward on what will happen.
Bert Frost: That's the key point and also there are different structures of industrial contracts whether they be Tampa based or gas based and that does have an impact.
Bert Frost: Mark, we came into the quarter with lower inventory. But as mentioned in the release, we produced at a very high rate during the quarter and so some of that will be reflected going forward. But DAP's a pretty consistent -- the phosphates are pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter with our sales, whether that be domestic or exported. That volume doesn't move too much.
Bert Frost: I think you're right, Steve. What we're seeing in the Dakotas relative to the flooding and the news that that's generating, you have to remember that a lot of that acreage is close to the river. The Dakotas are a large -- or both the states are very large and plant quite a bit. And you're right, some of the incremental corn acres will be coming in the Dakotas. This will be a 90-day maturity or close to that. We're seeing the ammonia go out. And so the economic incentive, I don't want to lose that thought, to plant corn is unprecedented, and to move to beans even at a trend yield of 160 to 164, it's still very attractive to plant corn and the window is still wide.
Bert Frost: I think your point on the gas prices in the Ukraine or Russia, it’s been a little bit opaque. And as we watch that, we pay attention to each of the markets. But I think the relevance usually in some of those markets today to where they were in the past are not as pronounced. And its impact on NOLA for one, we don't bring in field urea to NOLA. And so when we watch the markets, we’re watching usually in the Arab Gulf and the larger producing blocks, let's say, and add China into that mix, where those products can and will go, freight rates, and then put that in and what we think this market can bear and what is driving those markets. So relative to where pricing is today, it's solid. And there seems to be a shortage of supply currently around the world and that's supporting higher prices which are now over $400 on a metric ton basis out of the Arab Gulf.
Bert Frost: Well, as you know we don't really communicate what our forward book is. We're very pleased with what we have booked and the prices associated and -- or I should say margins associated for the previous comment. Farmers have attractive economics. I keep wanting to go back to this. The price of corn, the price of corn that is one that they're able to book, whether that be September, December, on a historical basis and a spot basis are excellent. And so we have had farmers come to us or come to our customers and book their fall needs. But we're -- as we will continue to say quarter by quarter, we always have products available to sell and we like our book.
Bert Frost: I think your thinking is logical. We're obviously out working and traveling and contacting the people that feed us that information by state and sometimes by county. And what we're seeing is people will be getting in the fields. It's opening up. The window is wide. And this is actually a very good time to be planting corn for the next, probably couple of weeks. But they will go directly to planting, bypassing that first application ammonia. And so we see people preparing for side-dressing of ammonia. But UAN is available, we are positioning from our system to barge and rail car delivery and FLB plant sales of our remaining tons to sell, and we're seeing a lot of interest in that. So I think that was what will take place and we're preparing for a higher application of AN.
W. Will: Thanks, Steve. I would attribute the really strong operating results here in the first quarter to a couple of things. One of which, David, as you mentioned is a real focus on preventative maintenance and ensuring a high uptime and on stream availability. And the second one is we did not have a significant number of plant maintenance outages or turnarounds in the first quarter. So those things kind of wind up to really provide us an outstanding quarter of operation. Relative to debottlenecking opportunities, if you look at a number of our plants, the vintage on the ammonia side, they were out-of-the-box 1,100-ton-a-day plants. And as you see in our capacity charts, we're operating those at 1,700 to 1,800 tons a day, and certainly there continued to be opportunities to make additional improvements and modifications to those. So I think you're only limited by the quality of your engineering capability and we really have world-class folks on the process side.
W. Will: Dave, the other thing that I would say is, as Steve indicated, we maintain a very robust list of capacity debottlenecks and expansion opportunities within our existing plants. And those tons tend to be far less expensive than greenfield or new construction, and we have a lot of those projects potentially in front of us. And so we would want to go through and exhaust the cheapest available tons before we went after more expensive ones.
W. Will: The only thing I would add to that is that with the supply response that comes online now given shale gas, it's very different than it used to be in the past. So even though this past year we had very cold winter and previously a very hot summer, high gas usage, what you see as a supply response that’s able to kind of meet those demand peaks and keep pricing relatively stable in North America. So part of, I think, embedded in Steve's comment about higher highs and higher lows is a structural change in the gas environment that we face in North America. And if there's relative stability in the underlying gas price and the contango the need or desire to take on unhedged positions into the future is not -- is really not there.
W. Will: Elaine, we have 14 years of fully permitted reserves right now, and we have another contiguous tract of land with approximately 9 years of reserves on it that we are in the process of permitting. We've begun that process about 2 years ago. And it is a time-intensive issue, but we feel comfortable with where we're at and the progress that we're making on that.
