Stephen R. Wilson: Don, with respect to the agreement with Mosaic to supply ammonia out of Donaldsonville, in our release last week we disclosed all of the parameters of that agreement that we intend to disclose. And that's mainly for competitive reasons that we're limiting our specific comments to that. But to put all of this in context, this is a terrific deal for us, and we think it's a very good deal for Mosaic. It provides us with returns that are roughly in line with the returns that we expect in the Donaldsonville expansion project. It takes some amount of uncertainty out of those returns. And we're very, very happy with that agreement. And we're happy to have Mosaic become our largest ammonia customer. With respect to the overall evolution of projects in North America, I think it's sort of going as one might have expected. Some projects, notably ours and the Orascom projects are in, I guess, in full force going forward under construction. Other projects that have been announced either have not materialized or, in some cases, have been canceled. And it doesn't surprise me that we have new announcements, because if you look at the strip for North American natural gas, it is quite attractive. We remain quite comfortable that when our projects come online, and we'll be either first or very close to first, that the environment will be very attractive. We'll be able to front-end load the returns on our projects, and we know that the U.S. is a large net exporter. We expect that general environment to continue over the next several years.
Stephen R. Wilson: Vincent, with respect to our expansion projects, we are very comfortable with the budget that we originally put in place, both the budget and the timeline. Our progress to date is in line with our plans. Our permits are in hand. We're moving dirt in both locations. And we're confident that we're going to come in, in our expected range of plus or minus 10% on $3.8 billion.
Stephen R. Wilson: Vincent, you're right, we don't know exactly when the proceeds will come in. We expect them some time next year, of course. This inflow of funds is an additional inflow that is part of our financial planning. We're in the midst of a $6.8 billion set of cash deployment activities, $3 billion of share repurchases, $3.8 billion on our capacity expansion. We are somewhere in the, let's say, 20 -- 1/4 to 1/3 of the way through that if you look at that combined outflow. So there's a lot of spending ahead of us. And as the months and quarters roll along, we will consider what other cash deployment opportunities should be put on the other end of those projects. And I think we have a good history of making sound, disciplined decisions with respect to deployment of capital. We intend to follow that same discipline.
Stephen R. Wilson: When we talk about the expansion projects, we characterize them as having the potential to produce low- to mid-teens returns. This arrangement with Mosaic is consistent with that objective.
Stephen R. Wilson: Kevin, I'll just say that we were very busy during the quarter with lots of things. I'll let it stand at that.
Stephen R. Wilson: Chris, I think that, that was a fairly minor event in the large context of global supply. And the big gorilla here is what goes on in China and how they manage their tax policy.
Stephen R. Wilson: Adam, first, I'd like go back to what my comments were. And that is, for planning purposes, we are assuming a continuation of current policy. And for planning purposes, we're assuming 6 million versus 8 million tonnes, 6 million being roughly what we've averaged over the last few years. It isn't a prediction on our part. With respect to the general evolution of those policies, should it be a, for example, some tariff on a continuing basis, if it's a fixed tariff at a lower level than the non-export season and a wider window, it would dampen the impact. There would be less volatility in the flow into the marketplace. It would move in the direction of stabilizing the market, albeit at an average level that would be slightly to somewhat lower than we've seen in the past.
Stephen R. Wilson: With respect to exports of nitrogen, I'm not -- I don't believe we've quantified that. But qualitatively, Bert, do you want to comment on...
Stephen R. Wilson: I'll make a comment on share repurchases and ask Tony to comment on CapEx. We have basically 2/3 of our share repurchase authorization ahead of us. As we have in the past, we intend to be able to look back on the share repurchase program with a certain degree of pride. I think we've done a good job of buying shares back in the past, and we intend to try to do the same going forward.
Stephen R. Wilson: And Mark, just to tie those 2 subjects together, yes, we have a large amount of CapEx next year. But that particular timing doesn't have any impact on how we might or might not repurchase shares. We've got plenty of cash. We've got expectations for good cash flow from the operations. And we have significant debt capacity available to us.
Stephen R. Wilson: I think our numbers on nitrogen demand are 13.5 million nutrient tons in 2013 and 13.3 million nutrient tons in 2014. That's a very modest drop. In terms of the impact on us, we expect that we'll be running flat out as far as the eye can see.
Stephen R. Wilson: I'm not sure I understood your question, Mike. We have 2 separate agreements, one with respect to Point Lisas, one with respect to Donaldsonville. And once the transaction is done, we expect both of those contracts to be enforced.
Stephen R. Wilson: It's very simple, Mike. It's attractive economically to us, and it takes risk out of our Donaldsonville project with respect to volatility in natural gas prices.
Stephen R. Wilson: Thanks, Dan. This is my 33rd and final quarterly conference call as CEO of CF Industries. Before we wrap up, I'd like to share a few thoughts, in particular with our shareholders. It's been a distinct privilege to serve in this position for the past 10 years, 8 of which have been since we became a public company. I've had the honor to work with and for a Board of Directors that has been both challenging and supportive. And I've been very fortunate to be able to surround myself with a leadership team that is smart, hard working and usually fun to be around. The entire CF Industries team has rallied around our focus on building sustainable value for our owners. It's great to be leaving on my own schedule and to turn the baton over to someone I recruited and have had a hand in developing. I know Tony and his team will lead the company to more successes in the years ahead.
W. Anthony Will: P.J., there continues to be sort of an ongoing challenge in terms of gas availability in Trinidad. We continue to have to dial back the plant to sort of minimum operating rates and a number of operators in the Point Lisas estate have had to take what otherwise would have been operating hours and take some downtime as a result of that. We don't see any immediate relief from that situation on the horizon. There continues to be some challenges as we go forward. I would say, overall, there is some volume loss. It's not a huge amount from our perspective. But I think if you sum it up across all of the producers in the estate, it has an impact on overall S&D balances in the region.
W. Anthony Will: On the CapEx for next year, we are expecting to spend in the neighborhood of about $2 billion on the capacity expansion projects. We are, call it, about 3/4 of the way through the engineering and procurement phases on those projects. And the amount of money that we've spent year-to-date doesn't reflect the full amount of the commitments that have been made. So we've got a number of vessels that are being fabricated on order, that we've got commitments outstanding, and we began construction activities at both locations in October. And invoicing on that activity hasn't rolled through the P&L yet -- or the balance sheet yet. So as we look at next year, we'll have a full year of construction activity at both locations, we'll be winding up the engineering and procurement activities. And if you think about sort of the second and third quarters, that's where we're going to be at the peak cash flow out next year.
W. Anthony Will: Actually, because of the Jones Act, you can't ship within the U.S. unless you've got a Jones Act registered vessel. And so part of the announcement I think that Mosaic indicated is that they were in the process of building Jones Act vessels to move product from Donaldsonville to Florida. And the D-ville portion of the contract doesn't go live until we get into calendar year '16 or the absolute latest at the beginning of '17. So if there are issues in terms of Trinidadian production, we would -- there's a force majeure kind of clause relative to gas availability there.
W. Anthony Will: Thanks, Dan. I'd like to take this opportunity to recognize Steve Wilson on his illustrious career and many accomplishments at CF. First, on behalf of the employees of CF Industries, I'd like to thank Steve for creating a culture focused on safety, environmental stewardship and absolute uncompromising ethical standards. Actually, with respect to safety and environmental, I think it might be more appropriate to broaden this group. So on behalf of the employees and their families, the contractors that work at our facilities and the communities in which we operate, Steve, we'd like to thank you for always placing a particular emphasis on safety and environmental stewardship, which has been translated into a focus on ensuring that everyone leaves our facilities in the same condition in which they arrived, and that we are trusted good neighbors. On the ethical behavior front, a few lines that sum up Steve's philosophy include: We are going to do things the right way, and we are going to do what we say and we're not going to say it until we're ready. He has created a culture with ethical standards that are a very bright line. Steve has always treated the company's shareholders, resources as though they were his own and given his Pennsylvania Dutch tendencies, those resources were never in safer hands. Next, I'd like to thank Steve on behalf of CF Industries' shareholders. Steve led the launch of CF Industries as a public company 8 years ago. The company IPO-ed at a stock price of $16 and a market cap of $880 million. At the close of business yesterday, the stock price was $217.63 and a market cap of over $12.4 billion. This represents an increase in market capitalization of over 13x and a share price compound annual increase of 38.5% per year over the past 8 years. Again, the shareholders' resources were never in better hands. Finally, I'd like to offer my personal thanks to Steve. He has created an outstanding company with a terrific culture and a strong leadership team. He's been a demanding boss, a patient mentor and a good friend. I wish you all the best in retirement. Thanks.
Bert A. Frost: For dealer inventories, we have -- consistent through the third quarter, we've seen a delaying in purchasing or a desire not to purchase to build inventories due to uncertainty in the pricing structure of the world market. And we expect dealers, because if the farmers will start stepping in once the harvest is complete and ammonia is applied and the P&K is put down in Q4, we expect then people to step up and prepare for their spring purchases. And so, yes, there has been a delay or a deferral in forward purchases. We expect that to mitigate and get back to normal trends here in the next few weeks to month.
Bert A. Frost: On the customer advances, we had a very successful fall fill program for UAN. As Dennis mentioned, it was launched a little bit later than normal, in mid-July. And we built a successful build book up for the period, for Q3 and Q4. And we're executing against that. And you saw the result of that in the Q3 performance. Ammonia is usually is a Q4. It was always a Q4 application. And we have seen it -- we mentioned earlier, a fairly normal application rate. And so, as we go through Q4, our advance book will decline. But as I mentioned earlier, we expect then customers will step in to prepare for spring and build those spring positions because logistically it does take a while to put everything in place by railcar, barge or truck and deliver that to the terminals. And so, we're expecting a normal year in that our advancement book will build probably starting now. Relative to KEYTRADE, we have a very close relationship with KEYTRADE. They're our partners. We communicate daily with them. And they have been our arm to the world on phosphates, marketing our products to 20 to 30 countries throughout the year. We also have used them on nitrogen exports. As you saw in Q3, we exported ammonia, UAN and ammonium nitrate to various countries. And we continue to work closely with them to leverage their contacts and their offices around the world. We think that's an advantage to our company. And we have clear and open communication, which allows us to make profitable decisions for the company.
Bert A. Frost: Yes. What we see is a consistent trend on UAN because it's such an easy product to use. It's preferred, we think, by the farmers. And we see just a positive trend in the growth of UAN. So therefore, that is why we have invested in future capacities in UAN. Urea in the wheat country, in the Upper Midwest, the northern tier, has also been growing. South Dakota is a very large state for urea consumption. So therefore, with Port Neal being right in that central area, we're -- so I don't think there's a negative towards urea, but we have seen a positive on UAN. Which geography? With split applications anymore, we're seeing ammonia application in the fall or spring and then variable N applications throughout the corn growth cycle, and that has been beneficial to both UAN and urea and the overall N consumption.
Bert A. Frost: I think on the differentials, you have to be careful at what spot in time you're taking that differential calculation. And we're well aware of those differentials. So what you're seeing today is ammonia that's going down in Q4 was purchased earlier in Q3, then we will roll into the spring period and we'll see what those differentials are. But at the same time, we're seeing a positive trend in urea. Urea has moved at least $30 in the U.S. market. And you're seeing also the ripple effect, I think we're on the backside of that, but starting with the cost increases in China, the freight increases in the world and moving the Ag prices up. That has been rolled in the U.S., and you're seeing the U.S. now traded at $310 to $320 in NOLA for Q1. That will have an effect on the differential. And so I'm not sure if it's going to stay at a 30% or 15% spread. But again, going back to UAN, it's an easy product to use. It's a preferred product to use. And so that's why we see consistent use in that product. And it will be priced appropriately to attract demand.
Bert A. Frost: We exported a vessel of ammonia in the early part of the quarter, and we had some smaller vessels of ammonium nitrate throughout the quarter. And on UAN, we sent full vessels to Europe and to South America. And for our purposes, we consider Canada also an export. So those are some of the markets we're shipping into. And we generally ship to all the open markets. Mexico also is one of the markets we ship to. As we look at that as a lower, higher or what level of pricing that the exports attract, it's a combination of balance. How we balance our system. How we utilize the opportunities available to us at the time. And when the market was slow in the United States, we had attractive markets that we could export to and continue operating our plants at 100% operating rate. So when you combine all the factors together, we think it's an attractive equation.
Bert A. Frost: I don't think you can discount the impact of the potash debacle on the overall market for NP&K. The disruption that, that caused and the -- because it was so immediate and big, having an announcement -- at the time potash was probably trading at $400 to $420, to announce that it was falling to $300, anybody holding inventory positions, those very quickly became negative positions. And so, with P&K generally trading together and applied together, that then drove distributor positions to just step out of the market, and we saw this worldwide. And then there was a carryover effect into nitrogen. And so, thankfully, how we prepare for -- you can't prepare for that type of event, but how we prepare for an average quarter, and we did so by launching our fill program, moving our products through the distribution chain and having an acceptable level of volume in Q3. How that will play in Q4, at 92 million acres of corn, we expect reasonable application rates and demand then to be -- to materialize, and we're seeing that in the market today. So distributors are coming back in. They are buying. And they have continued to buy. I just think we saw that dip in August, September and October. And so that corresponded to bottom-level pricing and then now outpricing is responding. So it's operating -- beginning to return, I think, to normal market decision-making and operating systems.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, it depends on the product that you're talking about. I think when you go NP&K, we're operating in separate markets even though the same customer is buying all 3 products. I think we need to see K settle out. That will drive a little bit of K -- of P. As we mentioned earlier, India is going to -- is and has been a big driver in P demand and then market structure. And then now moving to nitrogen. And so, yes, some of these swing producers and tax subsidies from India and tax costs from China have a heavy impact on the market, as well as gas cost coming out of Russia, and that drive the Ukrainian and Russian producer as well as the Eastern European. And so, I think -- again, our mantra of higher highs and higher lows was represented in this quarter. And you're seeing once the low or the floor level has hit in China, reduced -- product was not shipped to the ports, reduced supply at the ports, which now represents reduced supplies to India and Pakistan and those who are coming in with tenders right now. And you're seeing the market respond up. I think we're in a favorable market trend.
Bert A. Frost: As I said earlier, we launched our fill program a little later, and I think what we were able to capture was the tail end due to late planting of crop this year. There was a longer tail to the season. And so, we captured a significant amount of in-season demand during that period and then launched our fill program, which was well received by our customers. But you also have to remember, we have our whole infrastructure system which can also leverage where we put product and when we put it there, along with our logistical options. And so, yes, imported product did come in. And yes, I think with the other competitors in the market sold at levels we would probably believe to be unattractive. But that's just how the market works, and we believe that we were able to select better options for our product and move it consistently and ratably through the market.
