Stephen R. Wilson: Yesterday afternoon CF Industries reported earnings of $606 million and diluted earnings per share of $9.31, both records for any quarter in the company’s history. We also generated over $1 billion of EBITDA during the quarter. These results attest to the earnings power of CF Industries, the execution of our business plans, and very favorable market conditions. With the early start to the planting season, strong corn demand, and attractive farm level economics, over 96 million acres of corn were planted, a post WWII record. The high corn acreage along with ideal spring weather conditions created strong nitrogen demand that continued through the planting season. As a result, for the first six months of the year, we sold a record volume of nitrogen products driven by ammonia and urea. During this time period we sold nearly 75,000 tons more ammonia than last year and about 120,000 tons more urea. The increase in urea sales was possible due to our flexible configuration that allowed us to cut back UAN production in order to maximize higher margin urea. Market demand in the second quarter was strong for all nitrogen products although we sold less nitrogen in the second quarter 2012 than in 2011. This was primarily due to demand that was pulled forward to the first quarter. The strong demand and movement through distributors and retailers during the quarter resulted in exceptionally low North American nitrogen inventories at June 30th. Using our own inventories as proxies for those across North America, we believe that producer inventories of nitrogen products were at or near historical lows. Throughout this period of high demand our team worked diligently to meet our customers’ nutrient needs. This is evidenced by the record 95,000 tons of ammonia that we shipped through our Velva North Dakota terminal in April and May. To put this movement in context, we have only 30,000 tons of storage at Velva which means we turned the inventory in that location three times during those two months. Our employees demonstrated terrific execution which allowed us to capture incremental sales and margin during a peak period. The application season demand was evident in the prices we realized during the quarter. Urea prices increased 34% compared to a year ago driven by strong demand and tight North American inventory. Ammonia prices increased 7% due to high demand for direct application. UAN prices were essentially unchanged from the second quarter 2011 but were up sequentially as customers came into the market after delaying purchases earlier in the year. It was not until the application season came to an end that urea and UAN prices began their normal declines from seasonal highs. However, ammonia prices remained high at the end of the quarter due to ongoing demand for direct application of the phosphate production, tight worldwide supply, and low inventories throughout the distribution channel. During the quarter we continued to benefit from low cost natural gas as increased gas production kept prices in check even with the demand created by hot weather and the associated increase in electricity consumption. In our phosphate segment, export sales were up 21% as international markets continued to provide us with the best margin opportunities. Additionally, during the quarter we started manufacturing sulfur enhanced MAP, or MAPS which was moved into inventory in preparation for sales in future periods. During the quarter CF Industries generated exceptional earnings and operating cash flow. We utilized some of that cash to complete the remaining $500 million of our share repurchase program at an average price of $163.89 per share. Under the full $1.5 billion repurchase program we bought back a total of 9.6 million shares at an average price of $156.80. We are pleased to have completed the program and I will have additional comments on our capital allocation plans after Dennis provides more financial highlights from the quarter and first half.
Stephen R. Wilson: We think in general the market will take care of rationing itself. Everyone knows that livestock herds are being thinned as we speak. That’s the first piece of demand to go away. Certainly it’s possible that export volume could go down and we’ve seen some economics at work in the ethanol market, capacity being throttled back and then coming back in and so forth so I’d expect to see that continue. Whether the ethanol mandate might be suspended or waive is obviously a political decision. The political winds go in various directions during an election year so it’s hard to predict whether that might happen but it’s certainly a potential tool to ratio corn demand.
Stephen R. Wilson: The menu of opportunities that we’re looking at under the $2 billion we’ve talked about are all brown field opportunities.
Stephen R. Wilson: What I was hoping to do was sort of broaden the look at this activity that investors and analysts give it. We’ve done two repurchase programs since we’ve been public. They were understandably the focus of attention by investors and I believe they were viewed as events. Given now we’ve put in place a $3 billion repurchase program with a window that is a multiyear window we would hope to reduce the focus on the frequency and magnitude of share repurchases as being a quarterly event and hope you and others would view what we’ve done in the past as an indication that we are very prudent deployers of capital, that we make good decisions whether they are investments in capital expenditures or investments in our own shares, and that we have a good track record of doing that and intend to continue.
Stephen R. Wilson: I’ll talk briefly about the river system and then I’ll ask Bert Frost to comment on the customer side. We do have low river levels, it’s created some challenges. The challenge for us in the fertilizer business is not quite as great as it might be for example for people moving grain because the number of barges in a tow of fertilizer is much smaller than the number of barges in a tow of grain. But it is slowing us down and it has a little bit of cost in the process. We believe we’re in a good position to meet all of our customer needs. That’s assuming that for example, customer docks are accessible and things like that and those can be issues in individual locations. But I would say so far we’re coping reasonably well and we have a very skilled supply chain group. This is what they do for a living and they’ve got their thumb on the pulse of all of this and are working hard to make this a non-event.
Stephen R. Wilson: Our view on urea exports out of China for this year is down from last year something in the range of 2.8 million tons or thereabouts. Last year I think it was about 3.5 so that’s a significant drop. Of course, we don’t have any direct insight into how they manage this specifically we just watch the flows like everyone else. With respect to capacity expansions, every year we go through a cycle of looking at all of the new capacity that is looming on the horizon and then we watch as the year unfolds and invariably a number of projects are delayed and that has been the case again, this year there have been delays on projects either in the construction or the ramping up for example, [COPCO 6s] is up but it’s not running at capacity. We have projects in Egypt that are delayed, and so forth. I think by in large what has happened again this year is we roughly have capacity coming on roughly in line with the growth in demand and we’re certainly comfortable with our global situation.
Stephen R. Wilson: The basics here, should we get no rain or insufficient rain between now and the harvest, we would have very challenging field conditions for ammonia in the affected regions and it manifests itself in two ways by an inability to get the tools into the soil breaking tools, etc., breaking the knives, and secondly, if there’s lack of moisture inability to effectively seal the gaseous product into the soil. If that were to happen or in areas where that happens that will simply change the timing of the nitrogen application and perhaps the form of nitrogen application. It still would take a lot of nitrogen to support 96 million acres of corn and it will eventually get applied.
Stephen R. Wilson: It is our intention to pay for Medicine Hat out of available cash. Obviously, there will be a number of months between now and closing and we’ll be generating even more cash than our current position.
Stephen R. Wilson: What do you mean by upward risk?Tim Tiberio – Miller Tabak & Co., LLC.: The potential for further price increases in the export markets.
Stephen R. Wilson: We’re pleased to be able to acquire that interest and have that product to sell. All that product is going someplace today, we’re going to be setting up a sales operation in that region and we look forward to developing relationships with customers who are interested in taking the product. We’ll be open for business and have the order book in hand.
Stephen R. Wilson: I don’t think I have such a number. I wouldn’t suggest that there’s any permanent demand destruction. The market will correct itself. When we get off $8 corn we’ll have some demand come back. When it gets down to $6 we’ll have more come back. It’s a pretty elastic market.[Mark Gooley – Gooley & Associates]: Secondly, with respect to your purchase of the Medicine Hat minority interest, I guess the good news is that you got that at a very attractive EBITDA multiple. But I guess the flip side of that coin is a little bit to the extent that the seller is willing to part with that asset at such a low multiple, what does that say about the profitability prospects for ammonia going forward? It would suggest that perhaps these peak levels are peak levels and that the real multiple on a go forward basis is somewhat higher than the one you might calculate.
Stephen R. Wilson: I have two comments on it. First of all, the seller is not in the fertilizer manufacturing and distribution business. The seller is after other assets out of Viterra, the grain assets in particular so this is an asset that they weren’t interested in maintaining. Secondly, this is quite an attractive area. It’s gas cost advantaged and I think likely to continue to be so and I’d suggest that anyone who cares to look at this more closely can simply take the additional volumes we are acquiring, apply an [inaudible] of gas cost and market prices that are available in that region which are readily available in public sources and I think you’ll find that the EBITDA potential there is quite attractive and we’re very excited to be acquiring this asset at this price.
Dennis P. Kelleher: During the second quarter of 2012 the company reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $606 million or $9.31 per diluted share. This compares to $487 million or $6.75 per diluted share in the second quarter 2011. Our second quarter 2012 earnings included a non-cash mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives of approximately $78 million and $15 million of amortization of capitalized financing fees related to the termination of our prior credit facility. The net impact of these two items was an increase of $0.60 in after tax earnings per diluted share. Our nitrogen business performed exceptionally well during the second quarter. We delivered 3.5 million tons of nitrogen products and achieved a gross margin of 66% which you can see on Slide Six. The increase in segment gross margin reflects released natural gas cost of $3.13 per mmbtu during the second quarter of 2012 as compared to $4.32 a year ago. It also reflects a non-cash mark-to-market gain of $78 million on natural gas derivatives contracts in the second quarter 2012 as compared to a loss of $14 million in the prior year period. At the end of the quarter we had hedged positions for approximately 60% of our expected natural gas purchases for the remainder of 2012. During the second quarter of 2012 we sold 793,000 tons of ammonia at an average released price of $635 per ton. Ammonia volume for the second quarter of 2012 was 19% lower than a year ago primarily due to the early start of the application season in 2012 that pulled ammonia demand into the first quarter of the year. Our average released sales price for ammonia was 7% higher in the second quarter of last year due to tight industry wide inventory and strong demand. Second quarter sales of granular urea decreased by 5% year-over-year to 694,000 tons. Our volume decreased due to lower sales into the northern tier of the US and lower inventory available for sale at the beginning of the quarter due to the strong sales volume in the first quarter of 2012. Our average realized price of $522 per ton was 34% higher than in the second quarter of 2011 due to tight North American product inventories and robust demand through the application season. During the second quarter of 2012 we sold nearly 1.63 million tons of UAN compared to approximately 1.65 million tons in the second quarter 2011. Average UAN price realizations were $324 per ton essentially unchanged from the second quarter 2011. As shown on Slide Seven, our phosphate segment achieved total revenues during the quarter of $232 million down about 22% from the second quarter 2011. Total sales volume was 493,000 tons, 8% lower than in the second quarter 2011. Exports increased from 45% of our phosphate sales volume in the second quarter 2011 to 59% this year because of stronger buying interest and more attractive net prices outside North America. Average phosphate price realizations during the second quarter were about 15% lower than 2011 due to muted global demand and the segment generated 22% gross margin down from the 29% gross margin reported a year ago due to lower average selling prices. Net cash provided by operating activities was $446 million in the second quarter 2012, an increase of $195 million from 2011 primarily due to higher net earnings and lower accounts receivables. These quarterly results contributed to a record setting first half for CF Industries. For the six months ended June 30, 2012 the company set records across a number of financial metrics including revenues, EBITDA, earnings, and earnings per share. Total first half revenues were a record $3.3 billion compared to $3 billion in the prior year. First half volume was a record 7.7 million tons compared to 7.6 million tons the prior year period. Total EBITDA for the six month period increased 19% to $1.8 billion while total gross margin as a percentage of sales increased to 54% from 47% driven by both higher selling prices and lower natural gas costs. These items contributed to a 27% increase in net earnings to common stockholders to a record $975 million and a long with share repurchase activity increased earnings per diluted share by 39% to $14.81 per share. The repurchase program lowered our weighted average diluted share count in the second quarter by 1.3 million shares which had the impact of increasing our earnings per share by $0.19. Total repurchases made under the program approved in August 2011 reduced weighted average diluted shares for the six months ended June 30, 2012 by 7.2 million shares which increased our year-to-date earnings per diluted share by $1.46. Finally, I want to highlight the recent move by Standard & Poors to upgrade our credit ratings to investment grade. This is the latest recognition by the rating agencies of the strength of our business model and our successful track record in executing our business plans and maintaining an investment grade credit rating profile. Now, let me turn it back to Steve.
Dennis P. Kelleher: We have a variety of projects in flight and a lot of that is just the timing of the cash flows and when the bills come in to be paid. As we’ve kind of provided some guidance, we’re still looking at somewhere circa $400 million for the year. I think the run rate is a bit below that currently but again, that’s more of a timing issue than whether we will get the projects done.
Dennis P. Kelleher: With respect to tax rate, you saw the tax rate whether you look at non-controlling interest or not around 35% or 32% if you include the non-controlling interest. We don’t expect that to change materially going forward it’s about where we expect to be.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Like we mentioned in the text of our prepared remarks, we’ve got 60% of the gas we’ll need to consume in the remainder of the year has been hedged in the sense that we’ve got spots covering it and 40% is uncovered. Going into 2013 I don’t think we have very much hedged out into 2013. That’s kind of where we are.
Dennis P. Kelleher: I wouldn’t be that narrow in your view. Yes, there is the issue of crop insurance and when those payments will be made, but you have to remember we’ve had several very positive years in the agricultural segment especially in the United States where farmers are probably doing very well on a cash flow basis and then there are other revenue opportunities or loans that are available that can be based off the crop insurance money coming in. So a farmer is not going to miss his application of crop nutrient or applications whether that be [N, P, or K] just because of his insurance payment coming in a little late. With the weather is cooperative, and his field is ready, and his crops have come off, he will apply his crop nutrients to prepare himself to plant in the spring.
Bert A. Frost: Regarding customer, I think cash flows, you have to remember our customer base is broad. We’re exporting products through our key trade arm, we’re working with wholesalers, retailers, and traders in the United States. So if you’re narrowly looking at a cash flow issue you’d probably go down to the retailer. We’ve had several really good years in the United States with fertilizer, input, and feed movement and so I think today everyone in the value chain is doing well. What you will probably see as we go through the drought and the harvest and ramifications of that you will see the revenue guarantee programs of crop insurance kicking in so there will be an average of the harvest month and then the farmers will then be getting that cash and that’s where I think it begins, at that level of cash flow. Then that will work its way back up the value chain and those farmers will then start purchasing their crop inputs and we will see a more normal probably movement of purchasing and movement to the field in the fourth quarter.
Bert A. Frost: I think you’re going to see – well, they’re coming out of a difficult period where they harvested where you saw the loss in production in Argentina. What you’re going to see is they roll into their planting season in October, and Brazil specifically is a heavy influence on soybean, probably at the detriment to first crop corn but I think you’ll see a rolling off of cotton which is planted in November, a decrease in that acreage and that rolling into second crop corn. So we’re anticipating an increase in fertilizer, both nitrogen and phosphate in South America to one, achieve higher yields and two, due to higher acres planted.
Bert A. Frost: As we look at our mix and where we move our products, we tend to move some of that Medicine Hat product into the northern tier where you had a lot of corn acreage this year which for that reason we Velva and our high ammonia pull through that terminal during April and May but then that market also uses urea as well as Montana and Idaho. So we had a little bit of a decrease in that northern tier but also we had a little less of production so that got factored into the mix.
Bert A. Frost: No, our customers the retailer, wholesalers and traders that sell our products to the farmer, the farmer is well aware of what he needs to do ergonomically to be successful and that’s following the four R application and there’s a specific temperature of around 50 degrees that they target. So it’s not necessarily an ambient temperature but a soil temperature that they target and then obviously, like I said earlier, the ability to seal.
