Stephen R. Wilson: Vincent, I appreciate that you tried to replicate our analysis, but we'd like to keep the details of our analysis to ourselves for competitive reasons.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, let me provide a little bit of perspective on that, and I will start by certainly acknowledging that we run an MLP today. As a general partner, we own a little more than 75% of the limited partner units. We also own 2/3 of the Medicine Hat complex, which operates as a cooperative. So we have experience running entities in addition to our C corp mothership, if you will. So now, if I zoom out a little bit and I look at our total company profile, we're running 13 ammonia plants at 7 sites in North America. It's a complex network. And if we go back to the Terra acquisition, the synergy opportunity of running that as a single unit was very substantial, and we worked very hard to optimize our production, storage, distribution and transportation network. We think we've done a really great job in doing that. So if I think about the prospect of, for example, imposing into that network legal structures at individual facilities, even within individual facilities, it adds a degree of complexity and, frankly, adds some operating complications that would make it much more difficult for us to optimize this great network that we have. Our focus is on maximizing our ability to optimize the whole network and generate the most economic value we can find in the whole enterprise. We really would not welcome complications related to transfer pricing. And then I'll just add one more thought about that, and that is that it would create 2 major classes of holders of our securities. MLPs are generally held by retail investors. And as you know, CF Industries is held largely by institutions. So having to manage the differing expectations of those 2 investor bases again would add complication to a system that, frankly, works really well as it is.
Stephen R. Wilson: Good morning, Kevin. I would characterize it as being negligible and perhaps difficult to extract from our overall financials. It really didn't move the needle.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Mark, our focus for the next 3 years or so will be on executing the projects that we announced. We are always open, of course. And several years ago, before we had the shale gas revolution, we were intent upon expanding our footprint in the direction of being offshore. Today, if you look at the global cost curve, North America is the best-positioned, least risky place to be. If there's another part of the world that pops up as being essentially equally attractive, of course, we would be interested. But our focus right now is on Donaldsonville and Port Neal.
Stephen R. Wilson: Okay. Well, my only comment on that, P.J., is that the company -- that we all operate as committed to building these 2 projects. We are quite far down the road. We have already begun to spend money, and these projects will be built. I don't have any way of predicting whether any one or any group of projects may materialize. But clearly, our projects are right in the heart of the marketplace. We're building on strength. We're clearly not the marginal -- we're clearly not marginal projects. We are building projects that are needed in the marketplace. How many of the other ones get built, I don't know, it's up to other people. But I certainly expect some are going to fall off the list. I couldn't tell you which ones or when.
Stephen R. Wilson: Jeff, as we have said, I think several times, we will be reporting on share repurchases as and when we do them. Our record on share repurchases going back to the first round in 2008, I think, has been quite successful. And we intend to continue to successfully repurchase our shares in a fashion that I think -- we hope will be recognized in retrospect as being effective.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, I think in my prepared remarks, I made some general comments about the evolution of our thinking. One aspect of this was, as we looked at the debottleneck opportunities available to us in ammonia, and we were looking at debottlenecking of a large number of plants, and added up the amount of ammonia and we compared that with the amount of upgrade product that we were seeking to produce, that we were actually reducing our free ammonia supply. And so that's when we began to think that significantly more ammonia production was required to get us to the outcome that we wanted. And I think it's also important for you to note that in addition to having more ammonia production, we've added 1.3 million tons of urea to the mix here. So we're getting a substantially big bang for the additional bucks we're spending.
Stephen R. Wilson: Good morning, Edlain. Yes, so I'll do the math for everybody. We have $3 billion under the share repurchase program to almost $1 billion for the 1/3 of Medicine Hat to $3.8 billion. To the expansion projects, I think the total comes at $7.7 billion, which is a lot of money. On the other hand, the cash flow profile of this company is very robust, and our balance sheet is in excellent shape. But we don't know, obviously, the pattern of our cash flow on the inflow side over the next several years, but we continue -- we think it will continue to be very strong. We'll be mapping out our cash outflows, looking at the capital projects and our own internal assumptions about share repurchase, et cetera. It is possible that, in order to make this all fit together, that we would access the capital markets. And if we do so, we would do -- we will be doing so from strength. And we have an investment-grade credit rating today. We intend to maintain the metrics that are consistent with an investment-grade rating. And we feel quite confident that we can do that.
Stephen R. Wilson: I'd like to add a more general comment about this urea market. We are now seeing, for the last 1.5 years or so, urea prices in a range from, let's say, $350 or $400, up to as high as $700. And if we live in that world of urea prices going forward, our shareholders should be very happy with our investment decisions. That's a great place for the urea market to oscillate between.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, just a general comment about nitrogen prices and fertilizer prices. Traditionally, the cost of fertilizer takes about 19% of the farmer's revenue dollar. But today, we are in the range of 15%, 16%. So prices -- the price of fertilizer is not a problem for farmer economics, even though, of course, farmers will complain about the prices of inputs no matter how much money they are making. That's just what it's like being a farmer. With respect to individual products, even at today's price level, ammonia is still the best value per unit of nitrogen. That's why farmers who have experience applying ammonia and who are comfortable continuing to apply it will almost always choose ammonia if field conditions allow them to do so.
Bert A. Frost: Well, we anticipate urea imports to be consistent. We saw a higher level in August and September level of arrivals. And through the fourth quarter, we anticipate that those -- that the market will be sending urea to the United States, and we're seeing it today. Acres are going to be high at 97 million. You're seeing some wetness in the northern territory, which is ammonia area. And we've -- that area could move to urea pretty quickly. So we have a high degree of demand we will need to import, and that's why you're seeing us add our capacity additions focused on urea, because we think we are on a good place to capture that market in future years.
Bert A. Frost: Well, our focus is on our greater wholesale and retail segments that we supply. And so we have constant communication with our customers that are represented by those segments. And so those segments have been purchasing to position the products for their customers, which are the farmers. And obviously, because of 2008 and the oscillations in the market, certain segments are reticent to take on tremendous or even marginal risk. And so we believe that those products that we have sold are working their way down through the value chain to the farmer. And have seen consistent demand from our customers to serve their customers.
Bert A. Frost: Well you're seeing several different factors impacting the prize of urea, and it is a world product, the pricing. The United States is affected by different factors of supply and demand. And so you referenced Central and South American demand, and that demand has been consistent. There's been some issues with Brazil and their long lines at the ports due to earlier purchases and a high volume of NPNK products that have been directed to Brazil. And so that has pushed the arrival and some demand issues. But we expect their second-crop corn and cotton crop to be fully fertilized, which will require additional purchases. Argentina has had some spot issues also with that -- some due to climate. India has been -- has purchased -- as of now, we've mentioned in our script that they were 9% below through the quarter, but their recent tender brought them current with last year's demand. One of the impacts has been the addition of supply. And so China has increased -- or the amount coming out of China is higher than CF, as well as the industry expectations. And then you have additional supply out of Indonesia and other spot markets. And there is some uncertainty in Europe on demand. So you couple all that together, product has made its way to the United States and that has impacted the NOLA price, as well as the interior price. And so when you look at -- again, I would go back to the macro. When you look at what is going on in the market and where we are on pricing, we're in a stable market. Pricing has oscillated between $400 and I would say $440 over the last several months, and that's a very attractive place to be. Referencing Steve's comment with current gas and pricing at $400, that's a 65% margin, cash margin, for a urea producer. So when we look at the market, I think it's positive and has a positive trajectory for the future quarters.
Bert A. Frost: If I understand your question correctly, yes, additional supply has negatively impacted the market. The demand has been fairly consistent.
Bert A. Frost: On our specific product -- our forward sold position, I would say we're adequately sold. We're pleased with our forward sold book. Each of the product has a different profile. And you mentioned UAN, and we're pleased with where we are with UAN. We're active in the market everyday and selling products and still have a remaining position to sell.
Bert A. Frost: I would take it more from an end perspective because of the high acres expected to be planted in corn and the need to get nitrogen every year to the ground. When we did our fall sell or fall filling period for UAN, it started around the end of June and continued through July. I would say, all of our customers took positions that they are comfortable with. Parallel to that, we also were selling ammonia for the fall application period, which is where we are today. And as we mentioned earlier, on our previous call, urea has been coming in and our customers have been purchasing that also. So I would say that they all have been -- our customers have been active in all 3 nitrogen products.
Bert A. Frost: Well, I would say, when you look at the weather map today, it's been ideal. We received the moisture in late August through September and early October, where some of the areas that were severely impacted by the drought are actually, on a soil-moisture basis, doing very well. There are some areas that have received excess moisture in the form of rain and now snow, and that would be in North Dakota. But you have to look at the total picture, with harvest coming off in places 4 weeks early, which allowed for adequate soil preparation or ground preparation. And the P and the Ks went down, and now they're putting down ammonia. So it's going well. And weather permitting, we anticipate we will have a normal ammonia application season.
Bert A. Frost: Yes. What you're referencing on ammonia, that's a world that's driven by producers outside of the United States. And Trinidad has been suffering through a shortage of gas. It's hit all the producers you have, as well as that -- announced over the last several weeks, cutbacks in Egypt on gas supply. And we've had a high level of operating rates for the phosphate producers, so demand has been very positive. The supply and demand impacted together has driven prices up over the $700 metric ton Tampa. So that's very -- that has also driven the United States in terms of what is available on ammonia. Your second question on startups, the COFCO plants are running. We are not anticipating -- we are following the sulfured urea or non-export of product out of the sulfur plants. And they are -- we don't -- we're not exactly sure when they will begin exporting products.
Bert A. Frost: Winter wheat is -- the soil or the ground preparation takes place in August and September, with the application of ammonia ending around the beginning of October. So that season has already passed. Yes, it has been dry. Some of those farmers plant wheat without fertilizer because as the crop emerges then it goes dormant and then you can apply again in February. And so what we have seen out of the wheat region is positive consumption, and we anticipate a robust application season, probably starting in January, February when the wheat crop emerges from dormancy.
Bert A. Frost: Well, softness is depending on what side you're sitting on. Again, if $400 is where we are today, historically that's a very -- it's a good number, and we're pleased with that and pleased with our performance in the market. And so yes, you do see oscillations that are driven by supply and demand, and I do think that we will receive additional imports from various exporting countries to the United States. However, we do believe that inventories are low throughout the world, whether that be South America or Europe. And we see a positive market going forward for urea no matter if these additional plants come online or not. You have China that will be ceasing their export window, or has -- the export window has closed and what remains in the bonded warehouse will be exported. But we think come January, that market should -- the urea market around the world should be positive.
