Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we look at our capital structure on a regular basis, and we do it systematically in discussions with our board, at least, annually. And I'm frankly very proud of our track record in this regard. We've bought a total of $2 billion worth of our stock back in a couple of programs. We have, I think, once quintupled our dividend and, again, quadrupled it. But frankly, I think a nitrogen fertilizer stock is never going to be a yield stock. We came to the conclusion last summer that -- and some of those results from talking to shareholders that buying shares back is the best way for us to return cash to shareholders. We have a $3 billion program in place, and we're very comfortable to have that in place, and we look forward to future reports on progress against that.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we're very pleased with where we are. We have great momentum. We have 2 good teams put together. We have, actually, a team that's living in Germany to make sure that we get all the engineering stuff done right. We have filed for the 2 air permits. Those are very important gating items that are really necessary before we can start major construction activity. We're hopeful that we will be able to begin to move dirt and drive pile sometime this summer. But certainly, we don't control both ends of that process. We only control the submission and then the response to questions that comes along with that. With respect to the situation on equipment orders and so forth, I'll have Tony go through just a snapshot of what sorts of things are on order.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, in terms of what's going on in North Africa, I think probably, everybody on the call has equal knowledge. There's turmoil and disruptions caused by political issues and some physical issues, and they don't seem to have been resolved. There's an ongoing issue in Pakistan with limitations on gas supply. With respect to Trinidad, there've been comments made by the national gas company that they have solved their supply problem and will be back to what used to be normal. We have to wait and see whether that's actually going to happen. With respect to our own situation, while we like our Trinidad operation and it's a significant supply source, the most significant supply source for our phosphate operation, all of this makes us increasingly comfortable with our North American footprint, the number of locations that we have and the decisions that we've made to expand production in North America.
Stephen R. Wilson: Okay, Jeff, if we go back to when we made the announcement, I think we listed a few major mileposts, and we've passed maybe 1 or 2 of those. The first one was Glencore getting regulatory approval to close on their purchase of Viterra, and they were waiting for the Chinese to give the go ahead. They got that go ahead. And then the second item was the closing of that transaction. That occurred in mid-December. So while we had done our filings with the regulators in Canada, realistically, they were waiting for that precedent transaction to be completed. And now that it's been completed, they're focused on our filing with the Competition Bureau and the Investment Canada Organization. We have a good dialogue with them between our representatives and their representatives, and we're hopeful that we can get the clearance in the near future. But again, this is a situation of which we only can control one side. We are prepared to close expeditiously once we get that go ahead, and we certainly look forward to having all of CFL in our portfolio. It will simplify our operation and -- not just from the operating standpoint but also from the governance standpoint.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, I understand the question, and I think I'm not a lawyer, but I believe technically, there are dates, but practically, they end up being extended in a way by mutual agreement of the parties because it's certainly in our interest to have a favorable outcome as opposed to meet or force them to comply with an arbitrary deadline. But we're in constant conversations, and we're hopeful we'll get results soon. But there is no specific deadline looming for this.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, it's largely driven by increase in ammonia price -- ammonia costs. Gulf ammonia, as you know, has been high-priced. It's come down some since the fourth quarter, but that was the main driver of that cost increase. And as far as the predictability of that, who knows? Overall, we love high ammonia prices because we sell a lot of ammonia.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, I think if you went back and you looked at our results releases for the fourth quarter, probably in every year since we've been public, we are loathe to comment on the second half of any upcoming year. And the reason for that is that we haven't even started the spring yet. We don't know what the weather patterns are going to be. We don't know which products are going to be in demand. And most importantly, we don't have a good way of projecting what the end of the season inventories will be product by product by product. So the second half of the year is driven in large part by what the inventory positions are coming out of the planting season and, of course, the expectations going forward. And so the quality of the crop that's in the ground, the projected yield, the economics for farmers for 2014, all of those things have impacts on the second half of the year. And we have a tough enough time trying to figure out what's going to happen in the next 4 or 5 months as opposed to the next 10 to 12 months. With respect to capacity coming on in other parts of the world, 2012, I think, was a good demonstration of how difficult it is to bring on new capacity, certainly, in some parts of the world. A number of projects that were penciled in by industry observers as coming on in 2012 were deferred into 2013. There's obviously a high likelihood that those projects will be completed. But I think then you have to look at what's the probability is of originally scheduled 2013 startups actually occurring in 2013 or whether some of those projects get deferred into 2014. Overall, looking at the last several years, I think that the market has demonstrated quite a good capacity for absorbing the output of these new projects. The market has stayed in pretty good shape overall despite the ups and downs in Chinese exports, despite the lumpiness of new capacity coming on. And we're very pleased with the long-term outlook, and that's why we're making the investments that we're making.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we spent about $120 million in 2012. You add that to the $1 billion to $1.3 billion and subtract the sum from $3.8 billion, and that's what you get for what's left. Now it looks like -- I haven't done the math. It looks like 35%, 40%, something like that.
Stephen R. Wilson: We're on a very aggressive timetable. We want to bring these projects online as quickly as we can. So the extent to which we find equipment pricing that we like, we lock it up, we'll put money down. The extent to which we can get other parts of this project tied down, we will be -- we're not looking to spend money fast just to spend it fast, but we want the commitments in place, we want the timetable to be assured, and we want our costs to be under control. So we're being prudently aggressive, put it that way.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, what we're seeing is an increase in AN, which is having a positive impact on the producers of UAN, AN and urea in that market. And so as you see a progression and a growth and a maturing of the Ukrainian agricultural market, you're seeing a parallel increase in demand in fertilizer. We see this as a net benefit to the market, and that has been translated into a decrease in UAN supply to the United States. Relative to AN for North Africa, you do see a greater degree of ammonium nitrate used in Northern Africa for fertilizer as well as for production of phosphate or N-P-K products. And so those are both benefits. As that demand increases, that consumes the supply out of that region.
Stephen R. Wilson: Yes, in the Americas, Brazil has just coming out of their Carnival holiday season, and they're in the heat of the harvest of soybeans and planting the second-crop corn. Argentina is also beginning their harvest process. So the focus now is on that. That being said, they've had a draining or a decreasing of inventory for all products, and we think they will reposition earlier than normal because of the logistical constraints that they experienced, this year with the merged cost being higher than the probably net profitability per ton. And it's also being expressed right now in the difficult to export their agricultural products that are processed or harvested. And so we see South America, specifically Brazil and Argentina, anticipating their purchases, and then Mexico, South America and that region continuing on a normal basis.
Stephen R. Wilson: Thanks, Dan. I just like to put the last 2 years into a bit of perspective. 2011 and 2012 put together, we had revenues of $12.2 billion. And on that $12.2 billion, we earned EBITDA of $6.3 billion. That's, to me, a testament of the earnings power of this company. Certainly, the 2012 experience begins to build evidence for the sustainability of our business model. The shale gas revolution has obviously provided us with a cost profile that is extremely competitive on the world stage. So we are very comfortable with our strategic position. We're very comfortable with the investments that we're making, and we're comfortable with our whole capital deployment strategy. It's a great time to be in the nitrogen business, and it's an even greater time to be CF Industries. So thanks to all of you, again, for participating on the call. If there's anything more you'd like to learn about the company, Dan's open for business. Thanks.
Bert A. Frost: Sure. Regarding the drought, it's correct. There has been a shortage of moisture throughout the Midwest. But if you look at the average moisture from February through April that we should be receiving, the one state that would be negative on a percent of normal precipitation would be Nebraska, at about 120% to 130% needed to get back to normal. The other states, the I states, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, not an I state, but are actually net positive. Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas need about 80% of normal to get back to a sustainable moisture basis. So when you look at that situation across the board, it's fairly positive, Nebraska being a pivot state, so we think that will go well towards ammonia. But your second point on UAN, that is why we're positive. Because with inventory levels being low, demand being high, the net fallback to UAN should be very positive. But inventories are low for all products, except for the importation of urea, and so we believe the fallback product for N will be urea, and we need the imports that have come in to date. So for that reason, we're net positive, all the end products.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, relative to last year, I think we're in a solid position on all the end products. And the previous question, UAN is high-demand, and for the reasons we articulated earlier in the call, the pricing will be positive through June for this current crop year. And our order book is -- we're pleased with where we are. We see demand for each of the products, some regionally greater than others, but we are positioning our products today to achieve similar or greater levels of demand through June.
Bert A. Frost: Texas and Oklahoma, for corn, represent roughly 3% of the United States corn but a significant percentage of wheat and cotton. That market -- those markets starting in Southern Texas have already started with planting, and so we expect urea and UAN to be going down soon. They had a very favorable fall. The wheat dormancy should be coming out -- or coming out of dormancy soon, let's say, March, and so you'll see a top-dress application starting in late February to March. Generally, as the Southwest goes, then it progresses up through the Midwest on applications. We're anticipating a favorable application season, due to what you just said, is the moisture level that has been received. But coupled with that is the Southeast, which had higher levels of cotton and peanuts last year, which we anticipate moving more to corn, so being an additional demand on N early in the season, which should be positive for the United States.
Bert A. Frost: For us, we're seeing -- focusing on nitrogen. Yes, we are seeing them be positive for CF. The movement of product to those directions, which are not traditional markets for CF, have been greater than in the past. For that reason, you've seen us ramp up our usage of our tanks on the East Coast, as well as staffing in that area. For phosphates, we traditionally supply products in that area on an FOB basis, but we ship more out by rail and barge to the Midwest. There are other suppliers that are situated better to serve the phosphate market on the East Coast. The P market in general, we've had a lot of questions on that. We see that moving in the positive direction. We're seeing that already take place with pricing in NOLA. But the international markets, as the South American market takes off, we anticipate that to come early due to logistical constraints they experienced in 2012 and the need to replace the stocks that have been depleted. That market will probably kick off earlier. And then obviously, India with the negotiations that go on with the other market leaders, we anticipate that also to be a positive market.
Bert A. Frost: We maintained a low inventory level throughout 2012, and most likely, we'll continue to do so, marketing our product on a regular basis. Regarding India, India has been a big consumer of world phosphate, and their moderating levels of subsidy support, what that will be this year is still unclear. But we expect that to be settled sooner rather than later due to the fact that they just need to get product moving on a regular basis, both -- I'd say all 3 products, N, P and K. And so the phosphate market, as I said earlier, should continue to improve over time because of the dynamics of South America, India, as well as improving agricultural dynamics in the former Soviet Union. And I think for the United States market, the reason why you're seeing us be successful and continue to market on a regular basis is the lack of consignment on CF's position.
Bert A. Frost: Regarding the residual nitrogen, we just don't see that. We anticipate full utilization of nitrogen in 2013 and beyond. And then in the northern tier, that is taking place, so we see that almost done on an annual basis, the continued demand increase in North Dakota. As you look at the heat map for corn and where corn has gone over the last 20 years and taken over wheat area, you're just having a net increase, one, because of crop change but, two, because of yield potential in these areas and the change in seed technology has necessitated an increase in nitrogen. That being said, we're very positive on the northern territory, as well as Canada, going into 2013 due to the lack of applications that took place in the fall of 2012. So that will be a net pick-up for us in the spring. So we're encouraged by the total demand, as well as the forward demand for nitrogen in the northern tier.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, we're very excited about what is taking place with KEYTRADE. There's a number of initiatives that they are participating in. They're net positive to KEYTRADE as well as to CF. It gives us a viewpoint into the different markets, different products, different relationships, and so you can see the leverage ability that we have with KEYTRADE. Not only is it a great relationship within the company, but they have tremendous relationships in the world, and this is just an example of that, that they would be viewed as a trusted marketer of products to many different companies. Regarding that product, we have met with the company just like we've met with many different companies on opportunities for investments and new mines or new production assets around the world and through that relationship, pass it on to our friends at KEYTRADE. And so it is another opportunity for specific fertilizer products? That's what they're investigating. They're spending the time and the resources to develop new markets. It does have a K component as well as an S component and some trace elements that are net positive to many different markets around the world. But it's more of a specialty product than a bulk product that will be utilized worldwide.
