Dennis P. Kelleher: Thanks, Bert. In the fourth quarter of 2014, we generated EBITDA of $501 million and earnings per diluted share of $4.82. Included in these results for the quarter were $67 million of pre-tax expenses for selected items listed on slide 19, which had an $0.84 impact on net earnings per diluted share. For the full year 2014, our EBITDA was $2.7 billion including a $750 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our phosphate business. We had operating cash flow of $1.4 billion. Our natural gas cost for the quarter included a realized loss on derivatives of about $5 million. This loss primarily reflects the expense of option premiums paid for the derivative instruments as NYMEX natural gas prices settled within the band of our hedged collars for most of the quarter. We are very encouraged by trends in the natural gas market. While the collars we have in place for the first quarter are above the price where gas settled for in January and February and well above the current price for March, we have no hedges in place beyond the first quarter. Natural gas production in the lower-48 states was, on average, almost 5 BCF per day higher in the fourth quarter of 2014 than in 2013. Higher production combined with lower-than-expected natural gas consumption, so far, this winter has led to industry projections that the natural gas storage balance will be above the five-year average at the end of winter and significantly above by November of 2015. As a result, NYMEX futures prices have decreased and are currently below $3 per MMBtu through the latter half of this year, as compared to our full year 2014 average cost of $4.25. We are closely monitoring this market and assessing if or when we would hedge our gas exposure beyond the first quarter. At this time, we are comfortable participating in the spot gas market. It is notable how the entire forward NYMEX strip has moved down since November of last year with annual futures prices not breaking the $4 per MMBtu level until 2022. We believe that future gas prices in 2016 and beyond have fallen for several reasons. Near-term, the marginal cost of new natural gas production will continue to fall, as the cost of rigs, materials and other field services deflate with the reduction in oil-directed drilling and development activity, making it less costly to bring out additional gas wells. We believe longer-term demand side impacts are also coming into play. As global oil linked to LNG prices have decreased, investment in future U.S. LNG export projects becomes less attractive. Similarly, new investment in olefins production from U.S. ethane has to account for the lower margin umbrella provided by more competitive naphtha-based ethylene production. We finished the year with total cash capital expenditures of $1.8 billion, consisting of about $500 million for maintenance and sustaining items, and $1.3 billion expended on the expansion projects. This brings the project to date total cash expenditures for the expansion projects to $1.8 billion. Our capital expenditures are projected to be in a range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion in 2015, including $1.5 billion to $2 billion for the expansion projects and approximately $500 million for all other items. During 2014, we increased our quarterly dividend by 50% from $1 per share to $1.50 per share. This is part of the commitment we have to increasing the dividend through time and using it as a means to return cash to shareholders. However, our share repurchase program has been and continues to be our preferred means of returning cash to shareholders. As of January 31, 2015, we had 47.9 million shares outstanding. This is the lowest number of shares outstanding ever for CF Industries as a public company. It is the result of our returning $5 billion of cash to shareholders by repurchasing more than 25 million shares since the Terra acquisition in 2010. In the process, we have increased the potential future cash flow available per share as represented in our nitrogen tons per thousand shares metric as shown on slide 8. This figure has increased from 53 nitrogen nutrient tons per thousand shares prior to the Terra acquisition to 140 nitrogen nutrient tons per thousand shares today, an increase of 165%. And with the capacity expansion projects, the 140 nitrogen nutrient tons per thousand shares is well on its way to being 175 nitrogen nutrient tons per thousand shares with additional upside from potential future repurchases. With that, Tony will provide some closing remarks before we open the call to Q&A.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, I wouldn't link it necessarily directly to the projects but obviously, our priority is getting the projects done, Don, as you know – this is Dennis. My guess is that looking at it right now, between now and sort of the end of second quarter, it's unlikely that we'll be in the market buying many of our shares back. As we get to midyear, I suspect we'll take a look at where things are. We'll have greater clarity on a number of items and then we could be back in the market later this year, repurchasing shares. Our view is that our shares today represent a good value, even up near $300. And our appetite for buying in those shares to increase the nitrogen nutrient tons per share metric and cash flow generation capacity per share is a good thing for us to be doing.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, Vincent, I think we've talked about this maybe on the last call. But, obviously, we're mindful of the fact that as the projects come on, we will have significant additional debt capacity. We're also mindful of the fact that we have a commitment to our bondholders and then to our board of directors which they support to remaining ourselves – to keeping ourselves as an investment grade credit. That having been said, though, obviously as we get to the latter half of this year and we start seeing units start up in Donaldsonville with a view – a very close view to the ammonia units starting up there in the very beginning of next year, we're going to be in conversations with the rating agencies over what is the exact timing and amount to bring on additional debt. What I would say is we are very mindful of the fact that our shares don't have the value fully baked into them associated with the capacity expansion projects. And we're very mindful of the fact that we will be having significant additional debt capacity. It's just managing all those things within the parameters to keep ourselves on the straight and narrow with our BBB rating.
Dennis P. Kelleher: We had fixed plant write-offs during the quarter and they were approximately $10 million, fixed plant write-offs and I don't have quantified what the EBITDA loss was, but I don't think that it would have been substantial in the quarter.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes. Typically what we do, when we think about that, if you had to allocate, you'd basically be allocating on a gas usage basis. So if you think about ammonia sort of 33 MMBtu's per ton of ammonia, that would be a logical way to do it.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes. We look at the whole year-to-date, Joel. We've got a few things going on. Let me just sort of talk about they're sort of – almost sort of one-timeish in effect. We had a pension settlement which rolled through cost of goods sold of around $9 million this year. We also had some higher storage and logistics costs during the year. And as I talked about earlier, we had some fixed plant write-offs during the year of about $15 million. And then there's just a laundry list of a bunch of other items that add up to it. So, there's nothing really systematic in any of it. It's just that we, this year, rolling through our cost of goods sold, we had some significant other items.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Oh, I don't know, Joel. I haven't thought about it. I wouldn't want to give guidance on 2015. I think we're planning on running our plants well this year, and you'll take your own view on natural gas.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes. I mean, I don't see anything sort of unusual happening this year. I mean, we'll have a turnaround schedule. We'll take turnarounds, and that'll attract certain costs, some of which will be expense. And then, we'll also continue to have expenses associated with the capacity expansion projects. But really, there's sort of nothing in 2015 that's sort of out of the ordinary.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes. I think it's important, this is Dennis, Charles, that you keep in mind that at $60 oil, you're still talking about $10 per MMBtu, and although that maybe "more competitive" than it was at $100 per MMBtu, it is still not competitive in an absolute sense when you think about people like ourselves, who are paying today somewhere between $2 per MMBtu and $3 per MMBtu for energy to produce product.
Dennis P. Kelleher: You're basically asking, what do we have in inventory typically at the end of Q1 for sale in Q2, and I think the answer to that is that varies by year. So, as we look at our inventory – as I look at inventories and I look at them every quarter because it's part of what we do to prepare for these calls, every quarter it's going to be very different and it will vary by product, depending on what's happened at the quarter before. So, there's not really a lot of insight to be gained from that.
W. Anthony Will: Yes, Chris. Let's start off and kind of go operating unit by operating unit. When we talk about D'ville urea being online in about six months, realistically that means we need to be mechanically complete there in about three months or four months. So, when we do our next conference call, we should be either mechanically complete or within a week or so of being there. So, I think everyone will get a very good indication of exactly how we're tracking against production schedule at D'ville, and we feel very good about that. We've got a team executing that project that built and commissioned Urea 4 and UAN 2 at Donaldsonville back in the 1980s. They've done it before and they know what they're doing, and we feel very good about that. Following that is UAN, and again, I think people should be able to hopefully take some confidence where we are three months from now on our next call on urea that that should translate into UAN. The one that's a little bit further out, obviously, is Port Neal. And we've got another winter to get through. Weather and uncertainty and so forth can affect that a little bit. But we're not trying to be anything more specific on Port Neal than somewhere in the middle of 2016 before that ammonia starts up, and then urea in Q3, and we feel very good about that. So, barring something really unexpected, if we get torrential rains and soupy conditions in one of the areas where it's tough to get some work done, we end up with a river flooding, we end up with something, again, that's well outside the norms of what we would expect, we feel very good about the projection on schedule, and we've done a tremendous amount of cost work. And again, we now have very detailed finalized plans and issued for construction engineering documents, line item, what they call takeoffs, which gives you the labor content for all of the operating units, and the number racks up to $4.2 billion or in that range. So, we feel very good about it within the scope of what's within our controllable universe.
W. Anthony Will: Good morning, Vincent. I'm going to take a first crack and then I'm going to turn it over to Chris Bohn who heads up all of our supply chain logistics and gas buying to give you his thoughts as well. But I think people have continually asked us this question over the past few years which is you got all this new capacity coming online, don't you think you should lock in your cost structure. And had we done it any time up to this point we would be way out of the money. We are big time believers in the resource base of gas in the United States, the ingenuity of people here to find lower and lower cost ways to extract that gas out of the ground. And as a result, the long-term very low cost environment that we're operating in as reflected in the NYMEX strip which is below $4 all the way out to 2022. And so we're delighted to be spot buyers right now and really think about hedging as a way to get rid of seasonal volatility as opposed to some long-term concern with the cost structure of gas in the U.S. Now, it doesn't mean that we wouldn't entertain something, but I think we feel very comfortable with the supply response in the U.S. When gas got up to $5 in the first quarter of last year on average, you see a production increase of 5 BCF a day on a demand base of, what, 67? So, it's a huge percentage increase in production, and costs of bringing new wells online are only decreasing as time goes on. But, Chris, you want to...
W. Anthony Will: Yes, good morning. I'd say, as long as we think there's a meaningful discount in our shares versus what we believe to be something approximating intrinsic value, we're going to have a strong bias towards aggressive share repurchases, because we think that will generate superior returns for our longer-term shareholders. And as you see that discount disappear, I think you would see us go heavier and heavier up on the dividend. Now, that said, we do have a desire to grow our dividend over time and we think that's an important signal to the marketplace. And it does provide a bit of a floor for our shares to constantly trade above, given what the yield desires are in the marketplace. So, I think there's a place for both of them. I don't think it's exclusively one or the other. But as long as we see opportunities to continue to drive really significant value for our shareholders by buying in cheap shares, we're going to want to do that.
W. Anthony Will: But, Adam, I think, relative to China, we also would expect that over the next year or two years there to be a significant amount of urea production, particularly the gas-based urea production in China that will likely be coming offline because gas just won't be allocated for that use. And so, we really think that kind of the high watermarks for Chinese urea export sort of last year maybe into this year and then we see it trailing off as we go forward.
W. Anthony Will: No. Matthew, what we do track pretty carefully is the price for anthracite lump both in terms of RMB and then on an exchange rate basis, what that looks like in USD and a dollar per MMBtu equivalency. And it did sort of come down and hit a low point as we got into kind of August, September of last year. And then it kind of started rising again, and where we were in, in January and now is more similar to where we were at kind of June, July timeframe, which is a stronger cost and, therefore, higher price or higher cost urea. But it doesn't move dramatically. It's been fairly small movements, kind of $0.20 per MMBtu, $0.30 per MMBtu equivalency. Given just the sheer volume of coal mining activities, we haven't been made aware of any kind of difficulty securing feedstock there. So, that has not shown up. Now, there have been a few smaller, kind of more privatized plants that have been – I think about 2 million tons worth that have been permanently taken out of production just because of the economics didn't work. But we haven't seen supply of coal really being a challenge.
W. Anthony Will: So, Matthew, as we think about indexed or kind of cost-plus contracts, most of that tends to be for more industrial-based customers. So, Mosaic, we view absolutely as an industrial user of ammonia because it's an input into their process. The situation we have with ORECA on the supply of AN similarly as an industrial application. It starts getting tough for us to allocate big chunks of our volume on a cost-plus basis to agricultural customers because the minute you start going that way with one, everyone wants a piece of that action. And so, I think what you might see us doing would tend to be more on a market index kind of basis and allocating volumes to certain customer requirements that can be priced off of an indexed basis, but cost-plus is not really the direction, generally speaking, that we want to take the business. And part of the reason for that is we sit in a very, very advantaged location on the global cost curve and it is a global commodity that's priced off the highest price producers which, in this case is Chinese-based anthracite coal, and we want to capture the spread between our cost position versus the high-cost producers. We don't want to give that away to other people in the industry.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Almost all the gas use sits in ammonia and then it's only another kind of 3.5 to 4 to get it to urea, and very little on the AN and other product side; so, almost all of the gas consumption goes into initial ammonia production, yes.
W. Anthony Will: Well, I mean, I think anytime you end up with lumpy chunks of supply coming on, there's going to be a short-term settling-out period as the market absorbs that. But because it is a globally traded commodity and things move pretty quickly to find the best possible netbacks, I don't think it's going to be a prolonged issue. I think it's one of those situations that traders will start moving tons back and forth if they can make $5 or $10, and cargoes that have found their way over to the U.S. could quickly find themselves being moved someplace else if there's margin to be had by doing that. The international global trade is pretty efficient at finding ways to make a little bit of an arbitrage here or there. So, these things have a way of balancing themselves out. And I'd say, longer-term, Jeff, the U.S. today or North America today imports roughly 40% of its total nitrogen requirements. And even with all of the projects that are currently in flight, coming on-stream by the end of sort of 2016 and into 2017 for some of those other projects, North America will still import about 20% of our total nitrogen. So, we will still be an import marketplace where the price is determined by bidding product away from the international market. And so, we don't see the projects that we have in place as having a negative kind of permanent overhang on the pricing environment in North America.
W. Anthony Will: You bet. Mark, good morning. I'm going to handle the cost escalation, and then I'll ask Chris Bohn to handle the logistics piece. On the cost stuff, the increases that we have seen are largely a function of building a plant in the Upper Midwest, and the changes in scope are differentials versus the projected model that we got initially from Uhde ThyssenKrupp because they haven't built that many of these plants in the northern climes recently. Most of them have been built in Middle East, North Africa and other places. So, they have a model of what this plant is, and then they try to put a weather package on it to put it in the northern tier. And what we found is that the actual amount of steel went up pretty substantially, and the amount and depth of the number of pilings, the depths of the foundations and platforms, everything was quite a bit higher than what the original estimate was coming out of the engineering firm. And part of that is because you got to get well below the frost line. You've got huge wind loading on these big buildings and exterior structures that are covered, that beefs up the amount of structural steel that you need which again adds more concrete to the platforms. And as a result, there's this sort of escalation factor that was not originally accounted for when we got our original estimates from Uhde. And so, those are factors that are going to hit anyone building in whether it's Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, up into Québec and into The Dakotas. They're going to be faced with those same challenges of winterization package driving increases in material scope. In addition to that, the cost of getting skilled labor to come out of the Gulf region and move into the northern area particularly during the brutal winter, you got to pay the per diems. You got to pay shift rate differentials, 60-hour work weeks and so forth. And again those are the same costs that anyone building in the northern tier is going to face. And so, that's why you see almost all of the cost increase or in fact all of the cost increase happening in Port Neal as opposed to D'ville which is exactly where we thought it was going to be and those factors are directly applicable to anyone building a northern tier plant. Chris, you want to handle the...
W. Anthony Will: To add to that, the pension settlement, we sold the phosphate business. All of those employees all of a sudden became former employees, and we had the opportunity to offer a bunch of them lump sum settlements which turned out to be a great thing for us. It de-risked our pension plan. But there was an impact that rolled through the P&L. And then when we had the protracted outage at Woodward, there was just an awful lot of costs that got absorbed into P&L that wouldn't normally be there, and you'd also see more production and more sales that would help absorb some of that and spread it around. So, as Dennis said, I think there's nothing systemic in terms of our cost structure. It was just some one-time events.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. So, Joel, one of the things that we've been doing with sustaining capital is we have been kind of going through and systematically bringing the legacy Terra plants up to the standard that Donaldsonville and Medicine Hat have been kept to. So, that means we don't let single-point failures in an ammonia tank take the entire site down because we have a redundant ammonia tank storage. We have DCS control systems on all of our production units. We don't have pneumatic or single-loop control systems. There's a whole series of things that we have been doing to, again, systematically upgrade and make the plants more reliable. And we're getting near the end of that process. We are doing a couple of major DCS upgrades including one right now at Verdigris and one later in the year, I think at Woodward. But as we look forward, that kind of big spike will have worked its way through the system and will be returning to what we view as a more normalized maintenance CapEx which is back in kind of $300 million to $400 million range. It's going to vary one year to the next year based on the intensity of turnarounds, but that's a pretty good average number. As we demonstrated back in 2010 and 2011, if need be, the plants have an ability to sort of tighten their belts and run on a lower rate than that, but that does have long-term consequences. And we'd rather keep them running at the appropriate sustaining rate to maintain high on-stream reliability and safe operations. And that's really kind of still in that $300 million a year to $400 million a year range.
W. Anthony Will: So, on The Mosaic side, Charlie, we already are moving our Trinidadian tons to Mosaic in Tampa. So, that contract or that piece of the contract has already begun. The rest of the contract officially starts January 1 of 2017, but there's an opportunity for us to supply them tons ahead of that if both parties agree. And one of the challenges, of course, you have when you're shipping anything intra U.S. is you need Jones Act vessels, and they're in the process of constructing their Jones Act vessels. So, the tight shoe on this one is going to be more their ability to arrange transport as opposed to our ability or willingness to sell the tons. But that contract officially kicks off January 1 of 2017, unless both parties agree to an earlier date.
W. Anthony Will: No, we would keep the same pricing mechanism in place that generates a nicer-term for us on our plant.
W. Anthony Will: On the oil price, your point is a good one, which is the naphtha-based production is more competitive than it was six months ago, eight months ago, and those plants might have a little bit more of a runway from a limp-along standpoint. I think most of the people that we talk to in the energy space suggest by the time you get to the end of this year, you're in sort of $60 a barrel range. You get into next year, you're more $65 to $75, and then it could go up from there. And I should see some meaningful new production coming online. And as oil continues to kind of creep up in terms of cost, those naphtha-based production units become less and less economic, and we're back to the world that Bert described. So, could they hold on for a period time longer? Certainly possible. Do we think those are long-term producers and part of the overall supply curve? We don't view those as being a meaningful part of global production.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Regarding summer fill, we work in conjunction with our customers to make sure that we are supplying their needs and expectations. Summer fill is very important because UAN, focused on UAN, you're shipping so much product. Demand is around 13 million ton, 14 million tons in North America and you have to ship that every month and utilize your logistic assets because you can't just receive it all in two months or three months or four months in the spring. And so, there will be a fill program, the other producers that are bringing on additional capacity, they're actually going to come out with ammonia first and we don't see that UAN coming on-stream until, at best, late in the first quarter of 2016 and probably Q2 2016, and so that's too late to impact fill and probably too late to impact the spring season. Our UAN and Donaldsonville will be brought up late Q3, Q4 and that will be a part of our program.
W. Anthony Will: But, generally speaking, Tim, I would say out desire is to come out of the under the second quarter with sort of the warehouses and the tanks empty, if possible, and so, very little of what is produced in Q2 stays in Q2 – or goes into inventory, it's maybe half a month or at most a month, and so, all of the sales in Q2 and Q1 are really the product that has been produced. So, if you're thinking about how to view the lag of how gas is going to work its way through the P&L, part of it, back to Dennis' question, is do we get an early spring, which it doesn't look like looking out the window this morning and it being 0 degrees here in Chicago, but do you get a big ammonia season in Q1 and get those sales right now, or do they trip over into Q2 and so forth? But certainly in the first half of the year, all of that gas is going to work its way through the P&L.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Tim, I think it's a good question. Obviously, a strong dollar versus the euro means that your engineering and some of your procurement costs are a little bit less, and if you see a bunch of the LNG and other kind of projects canceled, do you end up not having to bid up labor quite as much? I think those things are good questions. But I think generally speaking, the skilled trades are still Gulf area-centric people. And because of new construction and turnaround activity, there's, generally speaking, plenty of work to keep them gainfully employed in the Gulf region. And so, our view is to attract the scale of people that are required to build a nitrogen facility, you're not going to see a substantial discount in labor rates versus what we're experiencing today. Again, strong dollar means you might get a little bit of benefit on some of the engineering and procurement side. But the other thing that's important to recognize is the economics available to anyone coming after this, are diminished relative to us for a couple of reasons. One of which is we've got sort of the first mover advantage and we're going to have at least three years of production of these projects versus anyone else. And anyone else that comes after this, the S&D balance is something that just doesn't favor those projects from a price realization standpoint to the same extent as our projects. The other thing is we have an entire network and logistical asset base that we're feeding our production into, and as a result, we believe we can generate better netbacks than anyone else out there can. And so, if you're operating a single facility with operation without benefit of all of the terminals and rail assets and barge fleets and everything else, you're really operating at a pretty significant disadvantage, and again the economics on that are pretty challenged. So, our view is it doesn't keep someone from doing something stupid, but we just don't think that there's a compelling economic story there for people to be building a lot of new plants.
W. Anthony Will: So, Sandy, we believe that North America will continue to be an import marketplace out through 2020. We just don't think that there's going to be enough new projects built, that are going to change the macro S&D balance. And the other thing that we have the ability to do is to influence that to some extent because Donaldsonville, in a lot of ways, could be considered an export plant or – it's not an interior plant. Our costs are about the same to move that product into Latin America as they are to move it into the Corn Belt. And so, we have an ability to, just ourselves, influence kind of this notion of whether the interiors and import and export are in balance. In terms of the overall marketplace, nitrogen demand continues to grow at about 2% per year to 2.5% per year. Some of that is industrial like DEF growth and other things. It's also intermediate chemicals and so forth. So, as you look at global demand growing at 2% a year, you have to bring on kind of 4 world-scale plants to 5 world-scale plants every year just to satisfy demand. So, while we do think there will be some production coming offline in the very high-cost regions, I don't know that it's going to be as dramatic as some people are suggesting. Also, as you look at global production, there continues to be gas curtailments in a lot of production regions. Egypt has seen pretty significant gas curtailments. Even Trinidad has seen 10% to 15% gas curtailments with no immediate end in sight there. So, I think the notion that the industry's got to rationalize a whole bunch of additional capacity in the next year or two years might be overstating it a little bit.
W. Anthony Will: So, we have historically done that. And generally speaking, it's something that made sense when you go back to when the company became a public company back in 2005 and 2006. So, at that point in time, North America had some of the highest gas costs. We were the marginal producers. When we sold forward, we wanted to ensure that we were locking margin that was actually positive margin. We live in a very different world today where we are some of the lowest cost production on the planet, and we're not concerned about margin going upside down on us. And so, our view now is much more informed by what's our view of gas as opposed to needing to "lock margin". Now, today, our forward order book is covered by our current hedges and our inventory, which is the way that we have always operated in the past. But we are actually evaluating that policy and dogma as to whether that's something important for us to maintain or whether we want to have a little more flexibility in our approach to that going forward.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Andrew, our issue is at the moment, our focus is 100% on bringing our projects online and if we need to sort of husband capital a little bit here in the first half of the year to ensure that we do that, then that's pretty easily done. It doesn't change our view on the attractiveness of our share price. It's simply just a short-term issue. And as Dennis said, as we get by the end of the first half, D'ville urea should be done and starting off with some cash flow coming back in off of that, we'll have that much better visibility into what's going on with schedule and timing on the rest of the projects and be in a really good position to be able to make that decision at that time. But again, this is in a spirit, much more open transparent communication about our intentions maybe than we've ever been in the past. Just saying, hey look, our priority right now is getting the cash flow coming in the door on these projects. So, if you're looking for a big repurchase, don't look for it probably in the first half of this year.
Bert A. Frost: Okay. Good morning. And we do have a number of opportunities when we come into the quarter, how we look at the forward opportunities available to the company, what products we choose to produce, whether we're favoring urea or UAN and sometimes even maximizing ammonia. But you have seen a correction in urea that's taken place over the last several weeks. Part of that is reflected in the international market. You're seeing a lack of demand in a number of the Southern Hemisphere areas that would pull, principally Brazil, and a lot of markets stepping out of the purchasing activity, some of that in Europe also, waiting for Europe to take off. And so, North America becomes a destination for extra tonnage, and that has taken place. We had that as a possibility in our market outlook. And so, because of that, we built our order book and selling all the way into April in the fourth quarter in anticipation of what we believe due to the commodity disruptions and market disruptions that were taking place in Q4 and early in Q1. So, for that reason, we feel very good about where we are and our possibilities and the profit opportunities available to the company when you roll in the lower gas costs that are available starting in Q2.
Bert A. Frost: So, good morning. And so, looking at the demand shift, we did have the weather issue. So, I think the farmers were – what we were seeing in terms of pre-purchases and planning for applications in Q4, we were planning and I think the market was planning for full applications throughout the Midwest. Generally, a farmer's applying less than he used to. They used to be 180 pounds, all applied in the fall, of ammonia. Today, that's probably closer, depending on if you're doing variable rates with fall and spring applications, which correlates very well to the 4R program that the TFI is advocating, you're seeing a lower level of ammonia in the fall, so 100 pounds per acre to 120 pounds per acre. I do think some demand has shifted. Actually, we know it has because when we go around and survey our retail customers in the high-application states like Iowa, Illinois and Indiana, and also Nebraska, that a lot of demand that was not fulfilled due to weather will be applied in the spring. That being said, it's a shortened season and when you take in weather risks, getting all of that ammonia down in the spring is probably a little bit harder. And so, that's why we shifted more of our attention and customers did also to UAN for sales into Q2. We're pretty positive on the 90 million acres of corn. There have been projections, a little bit lower. But in discussions, again, with the retail segment that we do business with as well as other participants in the value chain, seeds and chemical people, we believe that it's going to be a very healthy corn-planting season with good nitrogen demand to follow.
Bert A. Frost: Good morning. This is Bert. They have a huge impact on the global supply and demand balance, importing almost 9 million tons, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, above the historical average of 8 million tons. That being said, they consume over 30 million tons, and a lot of that is produced what we believe at high cost levels. And so, when you have a country that is consistently experiencing brownouts and the lack of energy, but directing that energy resource base to fertilizer rather than to building out the energy infrastructure, I think that is where India should or possibly could go as we move forward. And we saw that last year with the naphtha-based urea plants going offline. So, I would say, for longer-term looking forward, at 30 million tons maintaining that consistent demand base, I would expect to see more imports from China and Iran coming to India and less domestically produced product as those older plants go offline due to whether that be, again, being 34-year-old steel, as well as the high cost of energy. And so, that's why we're fairly positive if a lot of the pearled urea in China goes to India. It doesn't have too many markets internationally, anyway. So, that product needs to stay in China, go to India or a few other low-quality markets in the world. Not much granular that comes out of China goes to India, that goes to more of the Western Hemisphere, as well as into – little hits going into Europe.
Bert A. Frost: In this type of market, we're always analyzing the options available to the country whether that again be production options, market options, export options. And so, during Q3, we saw some of the positive opportunities, in Q4 that were available to the company, we executed against those. These markets, they do oscillate up and down. We have different pricing structures whether that be a forward sale, an index sale, a spot sale. Again, we utilized all three as well as interior sales to achieve our – which we're very pleased with our UAN price realization. Coming into Q4 or coming out of Q4 into Q1, the correction that we're currently experiencing right now didn't start until January. And we have seen an international movement with a little bit of a decline in urea. But we expect a lot of that demand is being pushed into – later either into Q1 or into Q2. Times like this happen, a lot of demand is pushed forward when people try to buy at the bottom and the correction is actually fairly steep because a lot of that demand comes in at the same time. So I would expect that urea prices would trend up going into Q2 and we'll capture some of that price appreciation when it's available.
Bert A. Frost: So, in our projections and what we stated was we're expecting a minimum of 11 million tons, it could be bigger than that, to come out this year, but you have a different marketing construct coming into 2015 than we had in 2014. With a different tax structure and the need not to build inventory in anticipation of the export season happening as did in 2014, I think you're going to see a more ratable volume coming out per month from China. Currently, they're having to build their internal inventory for their spring demands, and we're not seeing the movement coming to the ports, except for Indian tenders that have been fulfilled. And so when you look at the market and where the Chinese product can go, there are some quality discounts that the market takes when they purchase Chinese product. And then the need not to build inventory in that May, June, July period for their previous export period, we're fairly confident that urea exports will be lower than 2014, and that's where we said a minimum of 11 million tons. But it could be in that range of 11 million short tons to 15 million short tons.
Bert A. Frost: Yes. It differs from product to product. I'll only focus on nitrogen. You can talk to the other guys about P and K. Ammonia sits with the producers, that's why our ammonia distribution system is so important to what we do and how we do it. We're able to safely move our product up through and into the Midwest through the NuStar and the Magellan pipeline, as well as with our barge system and then backfill only a little bit through rail. So we're currently preparing for that. Our inventories were fairly low coming out of Q4, but they were low coming into Q4. And so, we are in a build-out stage for probably starting – it looks like we could have a little earlier application window based on what's happening in Texas and Oklahoma. And then UAN and urea, we believe that a lot of the UAN inventory was so low coming really into Q3 and through Q3 because a lot of it got put down on the ground late last year and you can see that corresponding to the high yields that were achieved in corn in 2014. And so, we believe UAN inventories had to be built up to meet spring demand and then coupled with a drop in ammonia that may not be made up in the spring, you're going to need additional UAN or urea most likely. And so, you're seeing a higher level of imports. We think that those are balancing the market quite nicely. And so, we're pretty positive for UAN. For urea, we have had also a higher level of imports, but almost the same situation of UAN where inventories were low and a lot of product went over top of the corn late in the growing season last year. So we think inventories are adequate for all three products and we should do well this spring.
Bert A. Frost: Whether we have an early spring or a late spring, still to be determined. We have seen some early – some very positive early activity in Texas and Oklahoma, as I mentioned earlier, regarding UAN movement out of our Oklahoma plants in preparation for their season there. If we were to see an earlier spring as we saw in 2012 where we saw demand consistent every month and then much earlier where March was taxed at least through the distribution system, I do believe you would see a price rally. Similar to 2012, where it went from $430 to $740, I doubt that. I think we'd be pleased to see something in the upper $300s. But who would probably capture that would be those who have inventory in position or able to put product in position such as CF because it's difficult when those price disruptions take place, it's generally a freight issue or a product availability issue.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, we did see some exports out of China to the United States, to Mexico and to Australia. But when you look at the total exports that came out of China, it's still relatively small. We have been there. We have looked at the structure that is in place to support that export capability and it's de minimis. There are a few tanks at the port. They have to truck product into the port and small storage – now that can all be built out, but it's really not prepared for the export capability like we have at Donaldsonville where the tank is right next to the dock. We can load ocean-going vessels of various sizes. And so, I think what the Chinese were doing last year was getting accustomed to moving product. I think over time, as you see capacity come on in the United States, that would be, at best, a rare occasion. And so its impact, we don't see it as being that impactful. And their cost structure is high enough that it doesn't really impact us there either.
Christopher D. Bohn: Yes, just to build on that, Vincent. As Tony mentioned, at this time, we're fine being spot buyers. When you look at 2015, last week's storage report shows that we're over 0.5 TCF greater in storage than we were last year at this time. Production continues to be strong where we're 5 BCF to 6 BCF greater per day in production than we were last year. And really based on this, we view 2015 as a significantly oversupplied market. And as a result, as Dennis mentioned in his comments, you're going to start seeing the conversation shift to the fall for storage containment issues. And as Tony mentioned, it's really illustrated in the strip right now where we're having one of the coldest Februaries we've ever had, and you have March trading at sub-$2.80 and the rest of the strip not above $3 than November. So, it's not to say that we wouldn't move in to some sort of position to mitigate weather or any other demand response, but right now we're pretty happy being spot purchasers.
Christopher D. Bohn: Yes, we could, I mean, there's liquidity probably three years out to five years out that we could go for certain tranches of that. I think you've seen some of our competitors, late last year mention that they've gone out through 2018 with a three-year portion of tranche. It'd really just be us looking at what we believe, to Tony's point, that we think the overall natural gas cost structure is going to be lower. So, it's just a decision on that point.
Christopher D. Bohn: Yes. From a logistics standpoint, Mark, I can only speak for CF. But we've had a very manageable winter, the logistics team has done a great job of positioning our product, the railroads for the most part. We've been happy with the performance, so far, due to the positioning of our cars and our plants. So I think for the most part with the exception of a little disruption with the potential or the CP strike for the day and a half, and some of the rivers with this colder weather, you're getting a little more ice on it than what we've had for the previous part of the winter, we've been in great shape, so there's not much that we're seeing as a bottleneck on the logistics side.
