Stephen R. Wilson: Thanks, Dennis. We all are very pleased with our third quarter results and the way things are shaping up for the rest of the year and into next spring. In last quarter's call, we mentioned the possible concern that a late harvest could compress the fall application season. That concern now has been largely resolved. Although we still have some lagging areas, the harvest has progressed faster than average, providing a good start to the fall application window.  Farm income is expected to set a new record in the 2011 growing season, about 25% higher than the previous record set just last year. Corn economics are very attractive for farmers, and we're projecting that more than 93 million acres will be planted next spring.  So in a period when farmers are very liquid, we appear to have a very normal or better fall application window in most of the Corn Belt, ahead of a near-record expected corn planting. That's a recipe for very good fall season, if the weather cooperates. Over the last 1.5 months, we believe markets overreacted to new data points about corn stocks and estimated demand that have caused the 2011 projected stocks-to-use ratio to rise modestly. The important thing to note is that the USDA is projecting the second lowest corn stocks-to-use ratio in 40 years based on the season average farm price of $6.70 per bushel. If prices were to fall further, more feed and export demand would develop as we actually saw in October. This would drive stocks to an even more unsustainably low level. It's for this reason that we don't see much risk to corn prices in the near term.  I also want to emphasize that tight coarse grain stocks are not just a U.S. phenomenon. Despite higher expected production in the former Soviet Union, South America and China, world coarse grain stocks are projected to decline by 7% in the 2011 and '12 marketing year. And the global coarse grain stocks-to-use ratio is expected to fall to the lowest level in more than 30 years.  The wheat balance is not as tight, and we may continue to see some wheat substituted as a feed grain. We expect strong agricultural markets to continue to drive a tight supply/demand balance for all products over the next 2 quarters, supporting attractive prices and margins. Our solid forward book of business reflects this strength. Because of recent global economic uncertainty, North American buyers have been reluctant to purchase more crop nutrients than they're sure they will need for the fall. We expect buying appetite for spring to pick up as the fall application season progresses, and our customers' true needs become clearer.  So in summary, we're bullish about the fall season due to high expected plantings, tight nutrient balances and a good start to the application season. Longer-term, we believe agricultural fundamentals will continue to support strong crop nutrient demand for the foreseeable future. With that, let's open the call to your questions. Erin, please explain the Q&A procedures.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Brent. We have great conditions in the marketplace. The soybean crop came off quickly. Farmers are in the field, and the weather is cooperating.
Stephen R. Wilson: Good morning, Mike. We take a long-term view in the way we operate and maintain our plants, and that is given the nature of this business, when the sun shines, we want to make hay. And so we put money in our plants on a regular basis. We maintain them to a high level, and we intend to run them flat out consistently. Now obviously, we have scheduled turnarounds. We're disciplined about taking those turnarounds when planned, because that's the way you keep the plants ready to operate in a good environment.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, our view on natural gas is bullish from a user's standpoint. That view has been borne out and -- throughout this year. We were looking at the script this morning, and it doesn't actually resemble a curve. It's pretty flat going out over a year. We're comfortable with our traditional approach to fixing nitrogen margins. The discipline that we have there is when we have a fixed-priced nitrogen order, we go out and do a swap and fix the margin. We'll continue to do that. When prices fall, we do get together and talk about whether we should consider taking positions in excess of what our nitrogen order book would require. We have, on occasion, done that to a modest degree, and we'll continue to look at that when the opportunity looks promising.
Stephen R. Wilson: Elaine, I think in general, we intend to sell about as much ammonia in the second half of this year as we normally sell.
Stephen R. Wilson: I think the principal driver of our analysis is what were the economics to the corn farmer. The economics are obviously very attractive. There's a smaller percentage of the revenue dollar going to crop nutrients than is traditional. There is a huge cash margin available. And then of course, we have to make some judgment about acreage that's available to plant. There has been discussion among experts about what's the ceiling for potential corn acres. We don't really know what that is. It feels like it's in the -- in mid-'90s, 95 million or so. We'd like to test that someday, and maybe we will next year.
Stephen R. Wilson: Sure. Elaine, we have actually planned for the expiration of the blenders' credit and the import tariff. They're -- in order for them to stay in place, they would have to be renewed by Congress. That's a very extremely unlikely event. Fortunately, they have really not come into play recently. What has been happening in the marketplace is that ethanol production has actually exceeded the renewable fuels mandate level for economic reasons. We have had a situation in Brazil where ethanol has actually -- production of ethanol has been reduced in favor of more sugar production. And that's been favorable and actually some ethanol from the U.S. found its way into the export market to help out the Brazilians. And then finally, given where oil and gasoline prices are, adding ethanol to the blend has been advantageous to the blenders. With respect -- yes, the final part of your question was about potential legislation regarding the renewable fuels mandate. We know there are some -- there's some discussion about that. We believe that, that is a very low-probability event, but we're watching it closely.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we obviously have been in a process of examining all of our industrial contracts as they come up for renewal. And we've attempted to remove the linkage to gas prices and price them more in line with our alternatives for using that ammonia. That alternative is obviously the ag market. So that's the direction we been headed, and we've been making steady progress in that regard.
Stephen R. Wilson: We've been making really good progress towards having those prices converge and, obviously, the direction we want it to converge is towards the ag price.
Stephen R. Wilson: It is too early to be talking granularly about our menu that we're looking at. In general, we're looking at debottlenecks such as the one that we are embarking upon at Donaldsonville. And we're looking at product upgrades. We have initiated some feed studies. There are a couple of locations we're looking at. And in terms of committed dollars, we haven't authorized any additional projects. Our allocated bundle of capital is in the $1 billion to $1.5 billion range. And we know from our past experience that these types of projects are low-risk, high-return projects, and we look forward to moving on these and we'll make announcements as our analysis is completed.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, I think you're right. This is a particularly low-hanging piece of fruit because we've done this kind of work before at Donaldsonville and in other places. So I really don't care to quantify what might come out of other projects, other than we know from our own experience that these will be very attractive projects.
Stephen R. Wilson: Our ammonia logistics structure is superb as is. Now do we do tweaking at individual facilities? Yes. For example, we upgrade compressors. We've reconfigured how we move ammonia up the river through one of our terminals in Missouri. We do work to try to improve the efficiency in what is already a very efficient system. These are fairly modest projects involving modest amounts of money. But clearly, we love the ammonia business, and we want to make sure we're doing the best job we possibly can in it.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, our inventory position is generally right where we want it to be. We plan to serve our customers' needs. We have a great system to move product to customers. We have a lot of flexibility about which plants supply which customers. We think, overall, we're certainly capable of running with less inventory relatively than we had, let's say, 5 or 6 years ago because we've sharpened our pencils, and been more precise. And we've also now have a bigger array of assets. And so -- and we're able to be nimble in meeting demand. But we've got product to provide our customers, and we're pleased with our position.
Stephen R. Wilson: And then also we've had some normally-planted acres that didn't get planted last year because of flooding or got washed out or -- so if the weather cooperates and the economics continue the way they are, we ought to have a good shot at hitting that acreage number.
Stephen R. Wilson: Roughly -- in the third quarter, it was roughly half of each. And in Q4, it ought to be more like 2 to 1 ag, something like that.
Stephen R. Wilson: Thanks for the question. These are wonderful questions. We made our announcement in August of our capital deployment program, and it wasn't 6 weeks later we were meeting with investors and we were being asked the same kind of question that you just asked. That's an indication that we're in a great business at a great time and generating lots of cash. We will continue to look at the menu of cash deployment alternatives in front of us, investment in the business inside the fence, buying assets and the cash deployment actions that you talked about with respect to shareholders' dividends and share buybacks. When we have made those decisions, we will be announcing them. But we'll continue to take the same disciplined approach that we've taken in the past.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Mark, we do augment our ammonia production on a sporadic basis. We can do that effectively, and we do that as part of our decisions about what product mix to produce at Donaldsonville. We have terrific flexibility there. We can switch to a certain extent between urea and UAN, and we can dial back or dial up upgrading. Of course, in today's market, we do want to produce as much as we can. In terms of buying product on the open market and moving it up through the system, remember that these are commodities to trade at world prices, world clearing prices. And so doing that kind of thing for a couple of bucks a ton is really not what we're all about. We're about making product and realizing the very, very attractive manufacturing margins available in the business.
Stephen R. Wilson: And obviously, the basis of your question will be factors that we look at in making decisions about our future upgrading products. Where is the demand growth, where are the best margins, and how can we achieve the best mix possible. And that will be a complicated set of decisions, but it's a set that we really look forward to addressing.
Stephen R. Wilson: Again, it's a long-term perspective. It's a leverage level that we are comfortable with in a steady-state. It would be a basis from which we could do a major strategic transaction. We can handle a major downturn. There's no magic to how we came to that. It's part science and part art. And we don't know when we'll get to that, in part because we don't know what the environment will be several years out. We frankly like the challenge of getting to that from the point at which we're operating today. That's a great place to be.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, the Trinidadians have some issues on gas supply. We operate down there. We're not quite sure whether these are short-term bumps in the road or whether it's something more systemic, and that we hope to get clarity in the months ahead. The issues that they have in Pakistan seem very serious. They've got hardware there they can't operate because they don't have gas supply. And that's obviously comforting to us from a business standpoint. It's not so good for the Pakistanis. And then overall, globally, we all know we have a number of projects coming on in 2012. They'll come on probably on a fairly ratable basis. And the market has shown a remarkable ability to digest these bubbles in the past, and I suspect that, that will occur here.
Bert A. Frost: Sure. So I think in the general sense for what we're looking towards next year, and I assume you mean past June of 2012, we are very positive for the issues we have articulated relative to stock-to-use ratio what is driving the farmer's decision. But yes, we are calculating that nitrogen applications and specifically to some of the areas you referenced could be very positive next year.
Bert A. Frost: Well, if you're looking at corn-based ethanol in Argentina, we think that's a great situation for the world and for the continued analysis of the supply and demand because in order for those plants to be economically competitive, that will have to drive yields in Argentina which have been below the U.S. yields, which will then drive nitrogen applications which is positive for CF. And so as those plants come on and convert corn into alcohol and then probably into some -- whether to DDG or a feed grain complement, that is a fantastic situation for the world as Argentina exports corn. Relative to the U.S. in ethanol, we're very positive of that story also and what the current drop in corn in October provided to the ethanol producers. So we're positive of that market.
Bert A. Frost: Well, I think what you're seeing today, reflected in the Southwest which we discussed in terms of a drop of ammonia applications for the third quarter, is a reflection of decisions not to apply or to apply less crop nutrients up front and wait for the impact of moisture in those areas. Specific to your question, there -- we're in a great trend. I'll take it on a broader sense for feed grains and what is happening and the economic decision that a farmer will make, whether that be in South America or North America. Generally, it's wetter, and that impacts the soybean harvest in Mato Grosso and those areas of Brazil. But specific -- and to get as granular as you're desiring, I don't have a comment on that.
Bert A. Frost: I think what you're seeing in the United States, we did -- after the second quarter, draw down the inventory levels in United States for all products. And we saw that reflected in the demand during the third quarter. And specifically for UAN, it was substantial. And that, obviously, pulled into the fourth quarter. And so there are no numbers on the downstream inventory through TFI or through the official groups. But from our anecdotal evidence, we think they're modest, and we're very positive going forward into the spring season.
Bert A. Frost: We're making progress, and it's not only for the Brazilian market, but also for the -- we're going to see -- we actually have demand and have had discussions with our customers in the Midwest and the Northern Plains. We would plan on bringing that product on in the second -- I would say, second quarter of 2012.
Bert A. Frost: I do have a comment. Relative to DAP and phosphates, the significant change in 2011 was the volume of NPs and TSPs that came out of China and generally went to South America or to India. And the change in the export regime that is expected to take place to draw those products in, in 2012, will have a huge impact, a positive impact for high-end phosphates. So looking towards what the window will be, we're expecting 4-month or less window in 2012, which will again be very positive to the world markets.
Bert A. Frost: We're very positive of what is taking place in Latin America. Our exports, as you can see, were higher, and they predominantly went to Central and South America. Brazil and Argentina were the heavyweights, but also the Chile and Mexico and Central America. And so what is taking place with double cropping has 2 positive impacts to CF in the markets. As that area increases and as the value of double cropping and the protein producers have moved north into Mato Grosso, the value of those crops and the basis that has taken place with corn has been a net positive for the corn producer in Brazil. Relative to that is -- we talked about earlier, in Argentina, the yields on that second crop corn has traditionally been a cover crop in years past, as then farmers value as they are economically valuing that crop in the United States. In Brazil, to achieve a higher yield, the impact to the fertilizer market and, we hope, to CF Industries, will be a higher nitrogen level to take it from, let's say, an 80, 90 bushel per acre average, maybe up 120 or 130, which -- and we think they can consume because of the low level of exports relative to their total production of corn. So we are very positive, what is taking place and what that will mean to the N-P-K producers of the world.
Bert A. Frost: The incremental acreage has generally come in. If you look at a map over the last 10 years, the growth in North Dakota and the Dakotas has been substantial. And also the Western Kansas -- or excuse me, Eastern Kansas, Eastern Oklahoma regions also where generally dry land has gone into corn acreage. And so your incremental acreage, this is an issue, as those incremental acres come in they're in marginal acres. And then yields are then lower, which can tend to bring the trend yield down..That would be one concern. But...
Bert A. Frost: Our order book is positive. We're actually pleased with our order book, allowing us to bridge this current quiet time in the market. October has been quiet, and that's almost worldwide except for India, due to the issues taking place in Europe and oscillations in the restrictions on credit. And I think our order book will allow -- I know it will allow us to bridge that period. People are starting the call and request and seek tons for the spring, and I expect by December that will take place.
Bert A. Frost: Well, further to that comment, I think our focus is we're constantly trying to understand the drivers from an economic position of where the best place and where is the best -- what is the best time to put our products to market. And so for that reason, during the third quarter, you saw that we did not export UAN because we felt it was better to stay in the United States and work with our distributor wholesaler customers. In terms of enticing farmers, that is not our business. We -- although we do have conversations with some large producers in the United States, we want them, and we're -- we want them to focus on applying the product at the right time with the right product that is the best yield enhancer for their products. And so in that sense, that's why we're fairly well balanced among the 3, even if you want to include ammonium nitrate, the 4 nitrogen nutrients. And so that's our focus, is understanding where in the regions that -- specifically corn because that has such a big draw on nitrogen, where will it will be grown, and where we need to distribute and position our products to capture those markets.
