Stephen Wilson: Well, our authorization to purchase shares is a significant authorization. We do intend to buy the shares back. We will buy them based upon our own assessment of the market as the days and weeks go by, and we'll let you know what we do periodically after we've done it.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we believe that our location and our relative size are advantages for us in the marketplace. We have a number of relationships in other countries, notably Central and South America, that we enjoy. Those are markets which don't require the huge tonnage that India requires. So we are able to operate opportunistically, not just between domestic and export segments, but among export opportunities. India is clearly a major player. They have been in an interesting position this year with a huge demand. They were reluctant to meet the price that the market seemed to require, and they have kind of grudgingly moved up to come close to where the market was. In terms of going forward, it's a supply/demand situation. Supply generally seems to be tight.
Stephen Wilson: Sure. Sandy, I guess I have just a general comment about the ag/industrial mix, and that is that we don't have an objective for that. It's really not a distinction that really matters for us. What we're looking for is to find the pieces of business that yield the highest margins to us. And whether that's in industrial or ag, it doesn't matter to us as we have operated in the market in the last year. I think you're aware that we've had industrial contracts coming up for renewal. In some cases, we've continued to do business on the prior basis. In other cases, we've changed the basis on which we do business. And in other cases, we've decided to part ways. And that's just part of the normal evolution of our business mix. We're looking to put our products to the highest and best use. With respect to DEF, the market is shaping up pretty much the way that we expected it to shape up. Our volumes this year are roughly 4x to 5x what they were a year ago. That's consistent generally with what our expectations are. This is a very, very high margin business. We love the margins. It's not large enough yet to be meaningful within our financial results, but it's on its way to becoming so.
Stephen Wilson: Sure. Well, with respect to the CFO search, I'm very hopeful that we'll be making an announcement in the near future. So please stay tuned for that. With respect to the actions that we announced last night, we have a deep team here. The guy who's speaking to you now used to be the CFO here, so I've had to relearn a few functions that I hadn't spent some time with. But the issues that we're dealing with in terms of capital structure, uses of cash and so forth, we've had the appropriate amount of analysis and consideration. We've had great discussions and support by our board. And so we'll move forward, and when the new CFO comes on board, that person will be picking up the baton here and running with it. And frankly, I can't imagine there being a better time to be coming on board our company. You asked about the credit agreement. We did redo the credit agreement to provide us significantly more flexibility in our -- with respect to our balance sheet and our uses of cash. The agreement that we had a year ago was perfectly appropriate for a more highly leveraged company undertaking a large acquisition. Now that we've digested that, we've paid down the debt, we're generating the cash at the rates that we are, and our balance sheet is in the shape it's in, it's time to redo it. We've added the flexibility, and we've reduced the cost by doing that.
Stephen Wilson: I'll ask Bert to perhaps elaborate on this, but in general, it implies that we and our customers have come to a meeting of the minds that the availability of product and the price at which we're offering it makes sense on a forward basis. And it's a different situation than we were in a year ago when there was a lot more uncertainty in the market. Anything you...
Stephen Wilson: David, my general comment is yes, there is a difference, and that's a significant consideration in the portfolio we're putting forward. And I'll ask Tony to make a couple of comments about that.
Stephen Wilson: And David, the other specific point I would add is to the extent we convert ammonia into upgraded product, we're actually releasing less CO2 from our ammonia plants.
Stephen Wilson: Well, our authorization runs through 2013. I can't predict what's going to happen in the marketplace. But I will remind you that when we did the share repurchase in 2008, and I know I've talked about this a number of times because we tend to only want to announce things that we intend to do. We announced that program. It was a $0.5 billion program, which was a very substantial undertaking for us at that time, given our size. We completed that program in about 12 or 13 trading days. So I'm not predicting in this case, but we wouldn't announce the program if we didn't intend to do it.
Stephen Wilson: Given where our crop prices are today, I think every nutrient is affordable, and there's every incentive in place for farmers to apply optimal levels. That may not be the case in some very, very fringe markets. That may not be the case in some other parts of the world. But in the heart of our market, that's for sure the case.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we believe that what really drives the demand for ethanol is the renewable fuel standard. If you watch the total production of ethanol over a period of time, we have seen actually production in excess of the mandated amount under the renewable fuel standard, which obviously suggests that it's economic for ethanol to be blended in the gasoline mix. So we don't believe that the blender's credit is the linchpin of that support. And we'd certainly recognize the political reality in Washington. I think it's likely that eventually that's going to go away and that the import tariff will go away. But it's really the renewable fuel standard that is supportive of corn demand.
Stephen Wilson: And then, Ben, to be very specific, we have a unit at Donaldsonville that has an ability to switch fairly easily between urea and UAN. And so we could find, even within a quarter, switching back and forth between max urea and max UAN a couple of times. So it's a function of which product is the strongest and what our relative supply position is with respect to the highest value product.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we have a great team, and our supply chain and salespeople are located together, and they have interaction with our manufacturing people on a continuous basis. So we are in a constant mode of optimizing our system. And I think the results that we generated this quarter is reflective of great teamwork, great coordination, good communication and an ability to move very quickly. We've had to go in a little bit of zigzagging here and there, and I think we've done it very effectively. With respect to working capital, we've been in a great position most of the time in recent years where our customers have provided a good support to our working capital through our -- through their customer deposits. We run our -- we run, as many businesses do, with as little inventory as we can while still meeting customer demand. And I think we've been pretty effective with that. If you look at our inventory levels over time, I think they're constant to declining, and yet, we're not losing sales. So we're pleased with our configuration and how we operate. Are we perfect? Absolutely not. We can always do better, and we're working at it everyday to get better.
Stephen Wilson: We have about 13 years of fully permitted reserves at our current mining rate. We are well into the permitting process on our additional 9 or 10 years' worth of reserves. We know it's a complex process. We know there are a lot of interested parties. We know that we have friends and we also have opponents. We work very hard to engage everyone who's interested, to understand their positions, to work towards an end point where we can mine and realize the value of our resource. We're involved now in an area-wide environmental impact assessment. That is one of the issues that's prominent in the Mosaic situation. Frankly, as I've said before, we're a beneficiary of their experience. And I will add what I've said before and that is we're not happy about the Mosaic situation. We think that their permit was appropriately obtained, and they should be able to operate under it.
Stephen Wilson: Well, Lindsay, we're at the very beginning of that process. We've identified roughly some opportunities at specific facilities. Now we're going to roll up our sleeves and do some detailed work. We'll be doing FEED studies on individual projects. We'll be looking at the market impact and opportunity associated with these projects. And so it's too early to put numbers on specific projects. But I will give you a little history to give you a sense for what we've done in the past. In 1993, we completed a reconfiguration at Donaldsonville that cost $87 million. And that was in dollars of -- in 1990s dollars, okay? We got for that about 240,000 tons of urea and 440,000 tons of UAN. So that was strictly an upgrade project, taking ammonia to urea and UAN. Five years later, in 1998, we spent $305 million, again, in 1990s dollars. For that, we -- and this is the unit where we have the flexibility I referred to earlier. If we max urea, we can get 910,000 tons of urea. If we max UAN, we get 500,000 tons of urea and about 1.1 million tons of UAN. So that will give you at least a rough idea of the kinds of dollars that buy additional output. These projects for us have generated returns in the mid to high teens in the past. Now at least one of these projects, the second one, came on at a really bad time in the market. So the first few years, our cash flows were not what they've been in years since. So the return on that second project is not as high as what we would expect these projects to generate given our outlook in the business. So these are things we've done before, and we look forward to scoping them out and reaching good, sound economic decisions.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we have an allocation of about $300 million of general CapEx for our total business that include normal, sort of maintain the assets and add improvements in our processes. So phosphate is included in that. We have looked at and continue to look at uranium recovery. And it's a project that, technically, we know we can do. We know pretty much what it would cost. But we need a little positive clarity with respect to the long-term price of uranium. Nuclear power generation in the U.S. and every place in the world is being questioned, and the price of urea -- of uranium has suffered because of that. And we're doing some product expansions within Phosphate. We're doing a sulphur-added product, and that's going to be brought to market later this year. And it's not a major undertaking, but it's a significant expansion in our capability, and it's one that the market welcomes.
Stephen Wilson: Well, a world-scale ammonia/urea complex on a developed site is probably in the range of $1.5 billion.
Stephen Wilson: I'm very tempted to say that we lost 0. We met every commitment we made to our customers. We ran our plants as hard as we could. We came out of the quarter with relatively low inventories. So I view this quarter as a great success. We had to scramble to do it. It was a good test for our team, and they rose to the challenge quite well.
Stephen Wilson: Well, look, first of all, we don't know what CO2 regulation will be. So for example, if we were to build an ammonia plant and not build any upgrading, we know how much CO2 we would produce and we suspect that whatever comes out of the EPA would be directed at that CO2 production. If we upgrade, if we take that CO2 and convert it into urea and/or UAN, we don't know even whether that CO2 would be subject to regulation. And if it is -- if it were to be, where in the process it would be regulated and where the cost would be. The cost of that -- those credits or whatever would be incurred. It doesn't appear as though the regulators would view CO2 being captured in urea as being so-called sequestration of carbon. But we don't know that for a fact, and so it's really -- there are 2 dimensions here. One is the uncertainty, and the second is not being able to know even if we -- when we have certainty, what that certainty will be. It isn't timing. It's timing and substance.
Bert Frost: If I understand the question and what would drive second half to be reflective of Q2 pricing and, where we are today, we've seen a substantial recovery in urea, as we mentioned earlier, from the lows of Q2 of $312 up and to almost $500. And we had a little bit of a movement back in July, and today, we're close to the $500 level. And so that is supporting the end products. And then in regards to our forward book, we have taken some sales, and we continue to take sales everyday. We're pleased with the margins, and we're going to be active and continue to be active for the rest of the year.
Bert Frost: I would probably expand it to inventories overall. You're right, TFI hasn't released those. I can tell you anecdotally and from our conversations with retailer dealers and wholesalers, the inventories are low, and they're low throughout the United States. And we saw that reflected in a scramble in June and into July for the rice movement for urea tons from long distances. But I would also expand that to other areas of the world. Urea around the world is tight. And you're seeing Brazil, as well as India, every 2 to 3 weeks announcing a tender and a difficulty of pulling that urea out of China, and they are both staying out of some of those tenders and movements. So as you see that reflective with usually [ph] being the balance, it's operating very well. And as we've mentioned earlier, a very good operating environment for CF.
Bert Frost: I think it's a reflection also of 2 different, obviously, not calendar years but markets. If you remember last year in June, we'd just brought the companies together, and the price expectations for UAN, specifically UAN, were around $155 NOLA. That was unacceptable to CF, and so we decided to continue with our consistent program of offering products that were needed and going on for top dress, and we took our inventory down -- or built our inventory, excuse me, and took our order book down to a very low level. I think it was $12 million, as you referenced. Today, it's very different. We have a very positive market, very strong grain market and oilseeds that are driving not only the United States but the markets around the world. And so our customers and their customers, which would be the farmer, has come in, has contracted some of those tons, and that has worked its way back up through the value chain to where we're selling and have an acceptable book on it, $400-plus million. So we're very encouraged by that. But coupled with that are the gas markets. And the NYMEX has been extremely positive. As we mentioned earlier, $3.95 for September. So when you put all that together, we have a very nice forward book, but a nice call on our raw material costs and a nice outlook for the grain markets.
Bert Frost: There are several issues that impact not only the corn coming off but -- because a lot of ammonia is applied on beans, but the weather when ammonia can be put down. So if we had the continuation of the heat that is driving the maturation of the corn, I would expect that we would have an acceptable fall because corn acreage will be up, and corn on corn will need the nitrogen. But we're very positive for the fall, but I can't give you a specific number.
Bert Frost: Well, last year, we did receive -- or I'd say last fertilizer year, receive a significant -- a record level of imports from various countries. And it's interesting the impact that, that had and the desire of customers to purchase that imported product. But I do think it's -- we have a moving market. Just as we exported in 2010, early 2010, calendar year, to China from the United States, we also had the need due to substantial also exports to India to bring product into the United States. And I think as you're seeing agrafa [ph] shut down and that rock import's being replaced by DAP from Morocco, there are several moving parts to that. On a normal year, it does not make sense because we are a large producer in the United States with out -- and our competitive structure, we are going to continue as an industry to export. So as we balance those going, I think, through time, you'll see less imports into the United States.
Bert Frost: Well, there are also times when we will fluctuate between urea and UAN at individual plants that you may not see in the numbers. But regarding regional differences, we do have a heavy urea demand in the northern territories in Canada, as well as for the rice market in Arkansas and some in -- for urea top dress in Oklahoma and Texas and those regions. And UAN is generally -- could be also be used on top dress for wheat and is, as well as in the corn markets, which are the central corn states of Nebraska stretching through to Ohio. And so those would be the regional differences probably. But we'd have to draw down on inventory for urea, and as we've mentioned, we produced at a very high rate and our inventory decreased during the quarter.
Bert Frost: I wouldn't say they're necessarily correlated to oil. What you've seen in China is probably a urea correlation to coal. Because as you import coal, you're basically replacing that energy or turning that energy into urea. You've seen a resistance to export through the tax base. But a correlation to -- I would say you had a higher correlation to grain.
