W. Anthony Will: Hi, Joel. Look, we have tried to make it a hallmark to be as transparent and communicative as possible, and we're just not in a position where we're going to be talking about OCI today.
W. Anthony Will: What we heard specifically on the environmental side is the central government has put in place certain parameters and thresholds and then local governments are able to put tighter ones in place that can't put more lax ones. And so it really depends upon the region that you're in, but there are certainly some areas for which significant capital is going to be required in order to keep running those plants and based on the current economic outlook, we just don't see that capital being spent and we heard that loud and clear.
W. Anthony Will: Vincent, I think even at the high watermark, there wasn't more than about 1.5 million tons from China that ever found its way to the U.S. Generally speaking, it's Arab Gulf tons and Canadian tons that come into the U.S. marketplace. But from a North American perspective, it's mostly Arab Gulf. And the Chinese stuff is more around the fringe. So we see most of those tons being backed out. But North America's going to – even after our projects come online and the other ones that are in construction today, North America will still import roughly 30% of its total nitrogen requirements. And so we've heard this noise about, oh, it's going to become a balanced market. But the people that say that include Trinidad tons as part of the North American balance. And the last time I looked on a map, Trinidad wasn't part of North America, at least the way my geography teachers taught it. So this notion somehow that the end market premium is going away, I'd say show me where the production is that's going to make that happen. Someone still has to bid those tons into the marketplace in order for there to be enough nitrogen to hit the ground in the Corn Belt and that's not happening organically from new steel in the ground in that region. So we don't see that happening. Yeah, there is going to be a shifting trade balance as the new capacity comes online. We don't think Chinese tons make sense here anymore, but we're still pretty substantially an import marketplace.
W. Anthony Will: Sandy, on that question, Bert, jump in here, but for 92 million acres, 93 million acres, we would normally anticipate about 4 million tons of ammonia hitting the ground.
W. Anthony Will: 4.5 million tons. So, given the poor fall, you have to have all of these tons go down otherwise there's a nitrogen deficit and it's tough to get enough urea/UAN to make up for the quantum of molecules, the impact you have in ammonia tons. But what's going on with weather today in Brazil, with the negative impact for Brazil, on their second crop corn. You've seen the rally in corn now up to $3.90. I think December it was at $3.85. But you're going to see farmers fertilize for yield. And that extra bump, four, five, six, seven, eight bushels is money in their pocket. We anticipate that will come from nitrogen.
W. Anthony Will: No, I mean, I think that the dynamics around where the coal price change in China are not related to the oil price at all. It's absolutely related to – when we were over there, one of the things Bert and I consistently heard was the domestic coal price, the domestic coal price and where that's sat and it's not directly linked to external energy sources that you can track back to. A lot of it has to do fundamentally with just what's the cost of production and distribution within the country and that's been relatively firm and as Bert says, if anything, we see that likely ticking up instead of staying flat or going lower. So we don't see that being directly connected necessarily with the external energy environment, which is why when oil price was $90 or $100 you didn't see it, coal price in China running way up and as oil prices come down, it has had really a muted affect on internal pricing.
W. Anthony Will: So I'll answer the second half of that and let Bert talk about the first half. We did explore the sort of the question of how much is integrated and the estimates that we got from people there and also looking back at our previous analysis and work in China suggest it's maybe in the – somewhere in the 10%-ish plus or minus range that's actually integrated with coal production. Other than that, they tend to be more standalone facilities, not integrated with coal mining or ownership activity.
W. Anthony Will: And, Steve, to tag along with Bert's answer there, ultimately where we see that headed is higher crop density. The more precision, the improvements in the seed, you get higher densities of crop which then actually the way we project it, increases the amount of nitrogen per unit of land as opposed to the other way around. And so, in aggregate, we think this is a very favorable trend not only because of the environmental and social aspects of what Bert talked about, but also just because we view consumption and demand increasing in North America as a result of that.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, Matthew a couple of things. One of which is, as we announced relative to the TNH business we had in unscheduled downtime in Verdigris for one of our ammonia plants and that also carried on to one of the UAN plants there as well. And so, as a result of unscheduled downtime we ended up with a fair bit of fixed overhead absorption into that business without the corresponding production times that go along with it. On the distribution side, Bert has really led some investments that we've made at the distribution terminals to allow them to both receive inbound and also export outbound ammonia more quickly, which allows us to have the kind of results we did at Blair and in the first quarter leading into the second quarter. And so as some of the initiative like the 4R's that Bert talked about, means that we see likely less ammonia going down in the fall, being able to really pump it out hard in the spring is a critical thing. And that's part of the reason why we made the investments that we've had is to really ship and be able to move those tons quickly. The other thing that you got to look at I'd say Matthew is, we do have now both the urea and UAN plants at Donaldsonville operating. And so we do have quite a bit more depreciation expense that's going to be rolling through the P&L than what we've had in the past. And as we bring on the diesel ammonia plant and then Port Neal, you're going to see those depreciation numbers continue to climb. So while that's an important thing to look at again, we really focused on cash flow generation and so our focus, the thing that we would point you to is, really take a hard look at how much operating cash flow we're generating going forward. That's a much better metric than the distortion of what the new depreciation is, is going to be in terms of the underlying health and economics of the business.
W. Anthony Will: Thanks, Matthew. I want to highlight that last point that Bert mentioned and he mentioned it earlier, I think it's a really good one, which is everyone we spoke with and, in fact, the General Manager of the Port operations at Yantai called this out as well, which is the producers are not just blindly shipping product into the port and then have it available for the traders to cover short positions into India on tenders the way they used to. They're being much more rational about only taking product to port and they've made some investments on rail load-out in load-in infrastructure and so forth in order to be able to move quickly. And so they're waiting until they actually see business that they want to take before they start moving product to port and that's one of the reasons that they claim anyway that they've had some better discipline in terms of pricing into some of these tenders this year than they have in the past, which is, it's fundamentally different behavior on the part of the producers and they're getting away from letting the traders just short these tenders like crazy and then go into the overflowing ports to cover. And so we think not only is the rationalization of capacity improving the overall market dynamics, but the behavioral aspect of it is really important as well.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, so, Mark, one of the benefits in terms of the OCI transaction is the trading entity that they have in Dubai. And it allows for very efficient trading of products out of Donaldsonville into other parts of the world. That's not to say that we don't have access to those markets. And, I n fact, Bert and his team have developed those relationships all across the globe. And it's not an issue of access to those demand centers or ability to get product there; it's more the efficiency.
W. Anthony Will: So I'd say, Mark, OCI is a publicly traded company. Wever is their project. It's much more appropriate to allow them to answer any questions related to Wever. I wouldn't want someone else answering the question about how Donaldsonville (50:12). I don't feel appropriate answering questions on Wever.
W. Anthony Will: Adam, the other thing that we heard also from a number of the participants over there is there are some subsidy things that can come in and go, but it's hard to reverse thousands of years of behavior and practice. And the Chinese farmers look at urea as being the really critical, important element of fertilization for yield. And even though there's some view of balanced fertilization needs to increase, the sense that we got from the people over there is they don't expect much of a change.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, so Donaldsonville urea is running north of 10% above nameplate. So nameplate is 3,850 tons and we've seen rates north of 4,500 tons, 4,800 tons a day. So that plant is really humming along. And on the UAN plant, the nameplate on that is – and everything I'm giving you is short tons, is 5,050 tons a day. And we've seen rates north of 5,800 tons. And again, as I've said, we haven't really even pushed it to max rates yet. And so we think 20% is likely achievable at D'ville UAN. So it was already the largest single-train UAN plant in the world, even at nameplate. We're getting much, much better results than that already. And the way that we went about designing these plants was understanding from a process flow perspective where the bottlenecks were, what the things we needed to outsize were, and that's the same approach we've taken on the ammonia plant as well as at Port Neal and so while it's a little early to claim victory on the ammonia production yet, our expectation is that we're going to be in a same kind of region relative to production on the ammonia and also at Port Neal. And the important thing to also highlight Adam is that when we did the original investment thesis and justification, it was strictly based on nameplate production. So every incremental ton that we're getting off of these plants show up at that 50% to 60% cash margin number and all of those are just free cash into the equation on the economics of the plant, so we feel very good about where we are.
Bert A. Frost: So, Joel. This is Bert. Good morning. Looking at Q1 and the start of Q1, the low level of customer advances was a direct reflection of our view of the market that at that time, going out of Q4 and into Q1 that prices that were, at that point, available to us in the North American market just were not attractive. And we were bid at probably levels even below that. And we decided at that point it was more appropriate for us to utilize our storage capabilities and our terminal system and that as well as our plant space and prepare for a market that we believe would come later in Q1, which was then materialized or started to materialize in February as prices started to improve going into spring. So you've seen us over the years take different tactics into the market, sometimes we have sold forward in previous years, we don't do as much of that anymore and we're playing in a Global market where we look at opportunities both inside North America and outside different markets. We have relationships around the world and we intend to utilize those capabilities as well as flexible production options because that's how we built these plants, the new plants that are coming online to be tremendously flexible for us in terms of going full UAN, full urea, or even full ammonia as we have during this Q1 period to satisfy the high ammonia demand we had.
Bert A. Frost: On the second question – this is Bert regarding the ammonia pricing and what was expected or what was possibly put out there by different groups. You have to understand that Q1 is not necessarily an ammonia application period, although as we stated in our prepared remarks, we had record pull out of our Blair terminal and that was a phenomenon in Q1 that was predominately in that Nebraska region. However, just as prices were very low in January for urea they were also very low for ammonia. We had not only on the import market, which is Tampa driven, which is at $310 a metric ton or about $280 a short ton. That number got pulled into the United States in several regions and prices were low. And we took the same tactic that we did with urea, we decided not to sell into that market. The industrial percentage of our business in Q1 is higher and that most industrial contracts are gas-based. During that period you had $2 gas. And again Tampa based, so I already gave you the Tampa number. We also had an export vessel, 25,000 tons that we exported at Tampa equivalents were a little bit below that. All that to say that the weight of the Q1 number was pushed more towards the industrial side of our business. You'll see that revert back to more of a traditional strip for Q2 as that's more of an Ag-based quarter.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah. So Tony and I did, as Tony said in his remarks, spent a week, a little over 10 days in Asia, we went to some other places. And the consistent message coming out of China for us was one of their going through a change. And as we've said in the past, each year seems to be a different economic year coming out of China. Incentives are different, subsidies are different, taxes are different production levels are different. And today they're really struggling trying to find their way and trying different steps in order to maintain profitability. Last year that step was record exports. We just don't see that going forward. It's unsustainable. And what they were doing last year was just sending product to the ports. Yantai where we revisited last year, there was probably 2 million tons, 2.5 million tons sitting in bags at the port ready for export unsold. What we're seeing as a transition to more market-based decisions is we've heard from several traders and participants, that until they sell those tons, they're not going to move them to the port. A great economic decision, which we think will prevent some of the low prices that were coming in last year. So economics are driving a lot of decisions on how they look at efficiencies, how they look at investments, how they're looking at shipments and this year, first quarter and into the second quarter the domestic market was much more profitable than the export market. And you saw a lot of producers pull away from the export market. So I think it's maturing and their understanding what their options are. In 2011, 2012 and 2013 when urea was over $400, everybody made money. It was an easy decision to participate and produce. That's no longer going to be the case for several of the high cost producers, those anthracite coal producers. And we think rationalization will continue. On the environmental front, all I can tell you is, it's dirty. And we drove through several places and several cities and both, Tony and I were amazed. You see the pictures in the newspapers; it's different in real life. And you almost could cut through it and you could see maybe a half a mile away. You drive by rivers; you drive by piles of garbage, that can't continue. Just as we had rivers burn in the 1960s and 1970s in Wisconsin and Lake Erie, we had to make the same kind of changes that they're going to have to make. They're going to have to change their effluent streams, they're going to have to capture some of these gas streams, and that will all come in with investment and environmental awareness will take place.
Bert A. Frost: So we're active in Brazil today. We were when Keytrade was with us and we'll continue to be probably more involved as we do have the volume of exports that are available to us but it will have to be netback driven. Brazil has tended to be a very low-price market in relation to the rest of the world's options. But we know those people down there, I spent eight years in Brazil. I'll be down there next month with a group and intend to connect with some of the industry participants. As Tony said, we do not desire to be asset owners in that market and do not believe we need to be. We think that the channel is well served. There are good partners down there. We desire to monetize our position immediately and not take the risks that Tony mentioned. I do think there are changes to Petrobras' asset base that are coming. I think they're on the high end of the cost curve and I don't think where their assets are located and what they're doing today make a lot of sense. So you have a 5-million ton urea market that's available. A lot of the international producers are participating. We're developing UAN. We've shipped several cargoes down there and we think that will grow. I think it has a very good growth pattern, so you'll see us down there more and more.
Bert A. Frost: Traditionally, Chinese product has been perceived as lower quality. They're granular products because how they move it to the port, how it's loaded onto vessels and the time sometimes it sits in the port, it degrades. And then it arrives because of a long voyage into the United States and a lot of the comments we get back from our customers is they'd prefer not to buy it. So what you see today is there are two price levels in NOLA, for Chinese and non-Chinese. But we are an import market. And an import market will draw tons from everywhere: Middle East, Russia, Asia. And today Chinese product trades at a discount and I think as long as it trades at a differential low enough, people will buy it. That being said, Chinese product participation in the North American market looks to be declining. You have a few that bring it in and blend it. And so what we see going forward I think, the broad story we're communicating today is that a part of these changes is probably Chinese product will remain more and more in Asia, maybe go into South America little bit, but you'll see declining exports, which mean fewer imports into North America most likely.
Bert A. Frost: No, actually. The total nitrogen need is still there. We had a very strong quarter-end pull of ammonia and then we went into a wet and cool period. You have to also remember we had a poor fall. So the net end need for spring is fairly large and application tendencies have changed a little bit. I think there's a push to get your spring ammonia down. There's also going to be a spring side-dress ammonia season that's going to come. But a lot of farmers or moving towards split applications with either UAN and urea or going over the top with urea by plane. So what we see today and what we anticipate is a full utilization of the products that have made it into the market and low inventories coming out of Q2. But we have a lot of applications ahead of us in the Northern market, North Dakota, Canada are just kicking off now and going strong. We still have the side-dress season in Indiana and Ohio, this is all for ammonia, and then applications on top. So we anticipate this season running a little bit longer, a little bit bigger, with 92 million acres to 93 million acres of corn and don't anticipate that the fill season will begin until later in the year.
Bert A. Frost: So, look, we're one of the lowest cost producers globally and given North Americas and the import marketplace, we're going to run 24/7/365. And I think the question isn't quite as easy as what's the aggregate operating rate because I think what happens is those people that are comfortably cash flow positive are going to run near 100%. They're going to keep their plants running. Those that are on the fringe are going to try as hard as they can to continue to run and it's those that are really at the high cost ones that are going to open the lead shutdown permanently. And we see most of those shutdowns happening in China, maybe some in Eastern Europe but...
Bert A. Frost: Trinidad's got some curtailment problems and others. So there are some disruptions in other parts of the world, but in terms of permanent shutdowns, most of that I think is going to be China and Middle East, I'm sorry, and the Eastern Europe. And otherwise you're going to see a very high operating rate for those assets that are cash flow positive.
Bert A. Frost: And so Steve on the question of – I'm a little uncomfortable getting an exact percentage. I just don't have that today.
Bert A. Frost: So we're a big proponent of precision Ag and work with a lot of our larger, more sophisticated customers to how we could help serve that whole trend, because coupled with precision Ag and the 4R's and the proper utilization of our products only lead to good outcomes, which is higher yield, more efficient use, more environmentally friendly practices and we're a big supporter. And, yes, that is the trend you're seeing is that UAN over time we believe in split applications coupled with possibly other products or adding different products along with UAN, ammonium thiosulfate's continued to grow because of the need for S. So a lot of these coupled together, you'll see the better, and this is why you're seeing consolidation in this space that the better, more financially solid retail groups are moving towards the service providing and value-creating aspects of precision Ag for the farmer.
Bert A. Frost: So we did see, the domestic demand but a lot of changes were taking place in Chinese agriculture and you've been reading about these and seeing pictures. We still have a lot of smaller operations in the South. As you go North, you're seeing a lot of bigger, some of the state-owned operations are fairly large, and so we do see some positive trends. There is a huge domestic market, estimates are when you include industrial demand as well as agricultural demand for urea and ammonium sulfate, it is large. And I do think it's going to grow. The change in crop subsidies or corn and how that's going to impact probably will have some change but I don't think as much as people are anticipating. So relative to as they roll off their domestic demand period and enter Q2 into Q3, we think exports we said are going to be around 10 million tons for the year. We are still with that number, so off about 4 million tons from last year. I think there's going to be some prolonged downtimes in several plans, I don't think you're going to see the push to stuff the ports for exports. We have to see this develop and see if our hypothesis holds true.
Bert A. Frost: Okay. So, look, China, as we said about fertilizer, I'd say the same thing about corn. And China has been changing. They have subsidized corn production to the tune of $9 a bushel we expect. And those numbers are coming off. They have had, as with other commodity products, high levels of storage and stored material for food security. And what we expect with that is that these subsidies will (51:45) corn of good quality, we don't think it is. And that some of that corn will be sold in different ways or possibly even dumped. But I think we're in the middle of a changing market. And how that totally impacts the total N number, because corn we replaced with another product, probably wheat or cotton or something else, and so I can't give you what that – is it 1 million tons, 6 million tons of urea equivalent? I don't have that number
Bert A. Frost: So, for the near-term you're correct that ammonia in Q1 for Ag application, we did get April pulled into March, but we're still going to see a very healthy Q2 application period. We work through April, we're into May, and again as we march forward that northerly tier start to kicking in. So don't have exact number for you, but we're planning on historical spring six-month period. We look at this as a six-month cycle and for spring. And pricing you're right, you're correct it did rally quite a bit from $100 to $150 a ton and we did have tons available to sell and we anticipate that we have captured pretty good part of that. You're correct there is capacity coming online in UAN for us urea with CF and some others as well as ammonia. The price protection is not in the mix where we have seen happen with potash and phosphate on price protection is it's really a short-term gain long-term loss. Then as you put product in the inventory for periods like the spring when you could have had price appreciation, you do not get that. And it creates a negative dynamic in the market that the risk stays with the producer and you continue to push that product out from logistical basis and it just doesn't help the market at all. We believe that we need to price our products appropriately for our retail and wholesale customers and that the risk then stays with them and they get a reward when they sell and they provide services, they provide different product. It's part of their product portfolio. We're just one participant in that chain. And so we just don't see that price protection has a future in North America at least in nitrogen it doesn't.
Bert A. Frost: Said different way, being the largest producer globally and larger than the next six combined in North America, we have no interest in completely unwilling to engage in that kind of practice and will find a way where liquidity is achieved in the marketplace so that that doesn't happen here at least in nitrogen.
