Dennis P. Kelleher: Thanks, Bert. With the strength of our ammonia shipments and the effective work of our sales and distribution teams, we generated strong earnings as represented by $613 million of EBITDA, which was 42% of net sales during the quarter. Our EBITDA was negatively affected by several items in the second quarter of 2014. Our cost of goods sold was higher as inventory produced during the first quarter, when our fixed gas costs were higher was sold and those higher gas costs made their way through our income statement. During the second quarter of 2014, we also had higher fixed cost absorption rates in our cost of goods sold due to unscheduled downtime, particularly at our Woodward complex, where we incurred approximately $20 million in expenses. Other operating expenses of approximately $22 million included $7 million specifically related to the expansion projects. We are separating out these project expenses due to the fact that they will go away when the expansions are complete. As Tony mentioned earlier, the structural cost advantage of North American natural gas was made evident by what has happened with gas prices over the past 2 quarters. During this winter, we saw record storage withdrawals and short-term weather-related volatility in gas prices, which, at times, traded over $5 per MMBtu on the NYMEX. However, the underpinnings of the enduring advantage of North American gas, a large proven resource base, increasing producer efficiencies and an expanding infrastructure of pipelines and equipment to bring gas to market resulted in a quick supply response. Additional supply came into the market, resulting in gas injection levels that have averaged over 100 billion cubic feet during each of the last 12 weeks. In the near term, gas prices, which have dipped back below $4 per MMBtu since mid-July. With the benefits provided through our hedging program, our realized gas purchase price for the second quarter was $4.19 per MMBtu compared to the average Henry Hub price of $4.58. In May, we assessed the natural gas market and determined it would be appropriate to add hedges for the third quarter to mitigate our cost risk from potential short-term summer price spikes. When the second quarter ended, we had in place hedges for 90% of our gas needs for the third quarter via collars in a range of $4.25 to $4.60 per MMBtu. Since the end of the quarter, as gas prices have declined, we've hedged 90% of our October gas needs with collars between $3.50 and $4 per MMBtu. We continued our growth investments in the second quarter with $209 million of cash expenditures on our capacity expansion programs and $83 million for all other capital projects. The capacity expansion projects are progressing on schedule and on budget. Activity has included the completion of foundation piling, the arrival of certain major equipment and the erection of structural steel, which is now proceeding at both locations, some of which is highlighted on the photos on Slides 5 through 8. Construction of nonproduction facilities, including urea warehouses and ammonia storage tanks, is also well underway. In conjunction with this release, we are reducing our full year capital expenditure forecast from $2.5 billion to approximately $2.2 billion. As the capacity expansion projects have progressed, we've gotten a better view of timing of our expenditures and expect that some of those amounts will be incurred in 2015 rather than 2014. We also have performance incentives in place with a number of our contractors that we are holding back until the end of the project, so these expenditures won't be made until we reach completion. We do expect to see a much higher rate of spending in the third and fourth quarters as we take deliveries of additional equipment and hit peak mechanical construction activities. We are confident that we have the liquidity and operating cash flow to fund all of our strategic initiatives. As of the end of the second quarter, we had total liquidity of $3.8 billion, including our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash for the expansion projects and availability under our revolving credit facility. We are committed to our investment-grade credit rating as it enables us access to long-term, low-cost financing and provides us the flexibility to pursue our strategic objectives. With that, Tony will provide some closing remarks before we open the call to Q&A.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, Vincent, if you look at -- if you go back to what we -- I think if you were referring to the slide that was presented in New York last year, you'll all have your own view as to what operating cash flow will be over time, but I think it's important to understand that, that slide sort of talked about a number of priorities. And one of our key priorities, obviously, is to continue to do what we're doing with our capacity expansion projects, which are mid-teens returns project, which is invest in those things and finish those things on time and on budget, which we're on track to do. We finished the share repurchase program that was authorized back in 2012, as you point out, on an accelerated basis, I think, in most people's minds. And then we've also authorized the additional $1 billion. We will be assessing our operating cash flow and excess liquidity and stuff as we go through time. And we'll make adjustments to the things that we do as we've done in the past. But I think that as far as the $1 billion is concerned, I think that represents, like Tony said, an upsizing really of the current program. And it just continues to underline our bias towards share repurchases and our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders. If things develop in a good way, in the way we think they're going to develop, there could potentially at some point in time in the future be upside. But at this point in time, there's no way we can commit to that or know that. But we were assessing this thing on a real-time basis, and we'll continue to do that.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, Vincent, you also asked about the MLP, and I just wanted to let you know, we have completed, with the 2 banks, our study of MLPs and not surprisingly because I think we've talked about this in the past. As we look at the existing assets, it does not make sense for us to sell those things into an MLP. Obviously, there's a large tax hit associated with that because they're low-tax basis assets. So the economics of that just in and of themselves doesn't make sense. I think as far as the capacity expansion projects are concerned, it's worth noting that these capacity expansion projects are at the very core of our business. They are not peripheral activities. They are core to our strategy. And in addition to that, the retention value of those things when we look at the amount of DCF basis is very likely to be well in excess of anything that could be achieved by selling them into an MLP. So while I can't say with absolute certainty that we would not look at MLP as an option for those in the future, I would say that it's very unlikely because, again, those are assets that are at the core of our business. Those assets will have a very high retention value, and those assets also provide us with additional debt capacity when they come on in 2016, 2017. And as you know, we're able to access the investment grade debt market in big chunks for yields on an after-tax basis that are very low. So that's where we've gotten to with the MLP.
Bert A. Frost: With the need to import a significant amount of urea and really all of nitrogen products into the United States, I'd even add P&K, because of the significant drawdown that we experienced through Q2 and into Q3, we're going to have to be very active. I think there are some challenges to make that happen due to the rail constraints and, as I mentioned in my remarks, the barges used where you're seeing barge pricing go up significantly. And that will probably last through into Q4. And so there is a need. You can't wait until spring for any of these products to put in an order and have it magically appear in the short term. So there is going to be a buildup. We are seeing positive demand for our products, but we are continuing in the same vein of selling more into the spot market because of the price realization that's available in that market as compared to the forward market. We have commitments in place, but they are unpriced for future demand. So we see healthy demand and shipping of our products, but we do see imports maintaining at a similar pace. For -- regarding imports for urea, compared to previous year's at this time year-to-date, the numbers we have are through June, the United States is roughly 600,000 tons behind the previous year's import rate. And what you will see, I think, again with the drawdown, you had urea going on top for extra. As farmers were preparing for yield or applying for yield over cost, you had a lot of urea and UAN going down into July -- through July. So we still believe that the inventory levels are low, and coupled with the 600,000 deficit, you will need to be importing a significant amount.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, it depends on the product, and we are investing for -- in terms of the facility that we have, we are investing on efficiency issues, safety issues, and we'll continue to do so as appropriate. But we have tons of flexibility today in terms of when you factor in looking at ammonia, pipeline ability, barge ability and then we will probably go rail to truck. And with -- for urea, we rely a lot on our customers' facilities. There have been a significant amount of unit train facilities built. We sold 4 of our assets, our dry assets, to GROWMARK several years ago because of that viewpoint that our customers were better utilizers of those assets than we were. We still utilize our Pine Bend facility, which is at the end of the Mississippi, for receiving urea and other products. And so I think that the investments, as appropriate and as we can leverage and use them, we will do that, but it depends on the site and the market.
Bert A. Frost: Okay. Yes, there was an impact because of the 2013 fall application season. We estimate there's approximately 400,000 tons that didn't go down in the United States, and there was some pickup. But what you had in Q2 was a pretty favorable price structure. I think ammonia was a good value starting off. We came in -- we, at CF, and I think the industry came in with high inventory levels. And then the weather was very conducive. We had an open window early in the quarter, and then it was wet and cold for several weeks, which allowed resupply. Again, another burst in May. And again, and then another wet cold period, some resupply, and then the Northern system kicked off, which is Belle in the Grand Forks and the Canadian terminals that we purchased last year, and we had an exceptional run up there. So when you combine and put everything together it just worked really, really well. And then the side-dress season kicked in, where there was abundant on our side, at least enough inventory remaining. And we had good pull really into early July. The Mosaic impact was not that great. We probably moved about, I think it was 53,000 tons to Mosaic during Q2. Our ag percentage normally were a 70/30 range. We were more 80/20, and the Mosaic, you can run the numbers, it was probably about 5% of that. So while it's nice volume, we appreciate Mosaic as a customer. It did not have a big impact on our ammonia movement.
Bert A. Frost: The UAN market, what we believe it's -- we're very well positioned based on our fill program, the acceptance of the fill program and our customer activity and desiring to purchase more. We've limited it to a certain quantity, and we're still active in the market. We are still selling at various points, both for prompt and for forward. But we anticipate that this market should continue to improve based on the fundamentals for the other end products. And so exports, we participate in the export market really as a third option as we have opportunities that are available to us that are attractive. This year, we've exported to Europe and to Argentina and a little bit into Mexico. And we will continue to look at that. We believe all 3 of those markets have continued demand, but there are probably other sources of supply that make more sense for us to ship at this point.
Bert A. Frost: So in the aggregate, I'm uncomfortable giving a specific number, but we do follow these facilities individually, as well as in terms of regions, what is being exported, being produced and what is online and offline. And what you're seeing today, for different reasons, different plants are running or not. Today, right now in Egypt, we've gone through a gas shortage where they're having to bring in LNG. That is impacting the urea, UAN and ammonia supply. With the unrest in Russia and the Ukraine, focused on the Ukraine, you're seeing a significant amount of capacity offline. And today, that represents 7% to 8% of the ammonia traded supply, so a pretty big impact that wasn't expected probably 6 months ago. And the Eastern European locations is more gas-related, gas cost-related, so those plants flex on and off when it's attractive for them to produce and above their cash costs. After an exhaustive study of -- an internal study we did of China, segmenting the different levels of cost of production for anthracite thermal or gas producer, and then laying on the logistical costs, port costs, labor costs, it was interesting to us and how that actually functioned in real time with several of the outlying plants with a higher cost, low -- smaller capacity facilities shutting down this year in May and June when we hit the levels of around $260, $255 for prilled product coming out of China. That market has since improved. We've seen some pricing improvement out of China for both granular and prilled. But you can go around the world, whether it's Pakistan, Argentina, Trinidad, you got gas issues. And so the capacity is out there, yes, but our opinion on the market and how people choose to produce or not have been proven correct that these high-cost facilities do shut down, and we seem to find the floor and then march back up until we hit the marginal producer and they come up. And as we mentioned, Q4 urea could be in the range of $3.10 to $3.30 at the U.S. Gulf, which is an attractive range for us.
Bert A. Frost: I think the question for that -- it's a good price for what Tony just put out there, the question for some of these new builds that are coming are being discussed in the market. That's a pretty skinny margin for a $2 billion to $2.3 billion investment for a greenfield operation. As we bring on our new capacity and other capacity we think the other producers that are currently in the business are bringing on, we think that's a logical place for the U.S. market or the North American market to settle, and there won't be probably a lot of new announcements based on that operating range.
Bert A. Frost: On the corn acre number, on a percentage basis, we're not down that much, and what we're projecting for 2015 at 90 million acres is still healthy. The corn on corn might be a little bit negative compared to soybeans. But the corn against soybeans, you are going to have a lot of soybean acres transitioning into corn more economically, but agronomically, that make sense. When you look at the Woodward outage, our exports in our whole book are very positive Q2 performance. Our inventories are low, our inventories for all products. And when you look that in conjunction with the lower import numbers that we've received on all products, ammonia, urea, UAN and ammonium nitrate, and from what our interaction with our customers on their low inventory levels, it really sets up a pretty positive operating environment through, I believe, 2015.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, I think where the market perspective, we have a very solid customer base, so we work closely with our customers based on their requirements for the products that we produce, and we have contracts in place and take patterns to make sure that our product move seamlessly through to the end of the market. On top of that, what we've talked about our distribution system for UAN and ammonia that works very, very well that our customers are able to utilize. But if we had to make a move into the market and acquire or build storage in some of the key markets to move our product, we're willing to do that. That's a very inexpensive way to move our product if we had to do, let's say, urea into certain markets. Port Neal is targeted toward some very attractive urea consumption market in the Dakotas and that we think Donaldsonville will come up into the lower part of the United States, then you have Medicine Hat. So we're well positioned to supply all areas of the major consumption regions and through debottlenecks or whatever else, we can add additional capacity fairly inexpensively.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, we could have. It did -- we lost several months of production. We were down in mid-April, didn't come back until late June, really, for only July shipments. And so it did negatively impact our ability, and that product would've gone into the market. And so we tend to run our plants full speed all the time and get that product end of the market on a ratable basis.
Bert A. Frost: I think -- this is Bert. As you've seen us transition since the Terra acquisition from a very low level of industrial business to I would say an appropriate amount today, it's really as we look at the business and you're always rationalizing your opportunities and looking at them and choosing what is the best medium and long-term for the company. And so that's a mix of ag industrial and exports. And we've exported all 4 of our nitrogen products. We have industrial customers for all those products also, except UAN. We enjoy our Mosaic contract and look forward to building and growing into that. Our Orica contract that will grow beginning in 2017 is a very good contract. And then our various agreements for ammonia shipments throughout the United States and North America. And so it's a good mix for us. We are able to leverage our assets and we think achieve a healthy return on our investment because of that mix.
Bert A. Frost: I don't see that happening. You just got a different market today than 2009. If you want to go back to 2009, ammonia traded in the U.S. Gulf at $125 a ton because people were desperate to get rid of their ammonia. That was more of an economic and a wholesale collapse in the commodities segment. I don't see that happening today. And the Corn Belt has actually held firm, and it will continue to do so. And why that is, is the freight structure has changed in North America. You can no longer move ammonia for $30 a ton in a railcar halfway across United States. That's more like $200 a ton. And so the ability to move your product and have the terminals, and again, going back to our system, the percentage that goes up by pipe, that is very safe and through our system that had shipped out by truck directly to a local market, and then it's moved by barge, which we have barge ability directly into our terminals are on the river systems, as well as out of Palmyra to shuttle product back and forth during peak demand, and what we're doing is moving product off the rails of ammonia. And so I think that there is a demand for ammonia. It's an agronomically very good product when you're utilizing the 4Rs, which the TFI and the CFI have been propagating and communicating to our industry. And so I see ammonia continuing as a very strong product in our product portfolio.
W. Anthony Will: And Vincent, what I would add to that is, we have historically been and continue to be a reasonably conservative company in terms of our commitments. And so we only commit to things that we know that we can accomplish and, as Dennis said, front and center is our execution and completion of our capacity expansion projects. And they are on time and on budget, but you're never done until they're actually operating. And the place where a lot of the expenditure happens is at the tail end of those things, and we want to make sure that we maintain absolute financial flexibility and liquidity through start-up and operation. And so for us, it's not an issue of, "Is there more?" It's more just a timing question of, "Do we do it now?" or is it after we've got clear visibility to start up and things are running and then there's more liquidity to return down the road. And so I think what you've seen from us is a measured appropriate paced cadence to this such that we're not doing anything at all to endanger our investment grade credit rating and our liquidity position. I think that's consistent with the way that philosophically we want to run this business.
W. Anthony Will: Got it. Just to tag along with Bert, I think there's a couple of things that underlie -- drove that. One of which is, we now own 100% of the Medicine Hat facility, where a year ago, we were kind of just phasing into that in terms of having closed in the spring and as Bert said didn't really have full operational control of the Canadian terminals. Two is we are seeing annualized full year effects of some of the debottlenecks we've done at our other operating ammonia plants at Verdigris and at Donaldsonville and so we've got some incremental production that's online there. And then third is the inventory starting position coming in. So we -- all 3 of those things, in addition to the Mosaic contract, led to a pretty favorable ammonia run for us.
W. Anthony Will: Yes, Don, I think it's a great question. Let me just talk a little bit about philosophically how we view this, which is we really take hedging positions for 1 or 2 reasons either we are trying to get rid of negative volatility events or we really like the pricing in terms of where the strip is trading in the forward. And as we sat in the third and fourth quarters of last year, we took a number of hedged positions for the first and second quarters of this year really for both of those reasons. We liked where the strip was trading, and we were concerned about potential weather events. And both of -- it turned out to be a great decision at that time because gas traded substantially above where we had hedged. As we said in May of this year, storage in North America was almost a full TCF lighter than it has been over the last 5-year average. And we were really concerned that a hot summer with a lot of air-conditioning requirements could have sent gas market in a very volatile, spikey, northerly direction. And we wanted to take that risk off the table. And so at the time we could have locked in swaps at $4.50 or $4.52, we decided to put collars in instead in order to participate in some of the downside if our fears -- worst fears weren't realized, and in fact, participate down to $4.25. And we're delighted, in fact, that the things have moved the direction they did. I think it was the right decision that we made. And again, if we were sitting in May, what we were really trying to do is eliminate the negative volatility consequences that are potentially out there. And for the year, we're still more than $60 million to the good based on our total hedging positions, whether they be realized positions or mark-to-market in terms of where the current strip is. So I think -- do you get every one of them right? No. But we're not trying to actively be in there trading in order to get every one right. What we're really trying to do is manage the negative volatility so we can deliver results to the shareholders.
W. Anthony Will: No. So Michael, in that regard, we think that within a year, urea will be up and operating and approximately kind of 3 or 4 months after, urea comes up and acid and UAN will be up. We're targeting right now to be mechanically complete or close thereto on the ammonia plants by the end of next year, with commissioning and startup happening in the first quarter, maybe bleeding into the second quarter of '16, for the ammonia plant at D'Ville. In terms of Port Neal, what we've committed to is 2016. We're certainly trying to manage a much more aggressive timeframe than that. And ideally, we'd like to really ramp that up and accelerate it. But we're still a little bit earlier phase there, and we got to make sure we can get through this winter and make good progress, get delivery of all the critical items before we can sharpen the pen in terms of the actual start-up there. But we're certainly, internally managing to a much tighter deadline than the ones that we have committed to on the outside. And that's why we're very comfortable saying we're on schedule because we're well ahead of what we've made external commitments about.
W. Anthony Will: Just on that front, Kevin, our urea cost at $4 gas, and we're below $4 currently, but our urea cost for Gulf production is, call it, at $1.50. If Gulf on a cash basis, if Gulf urea is trading in kind of a $3.20 plus or minus range, that's still pretty healthy margins for us. So we're not -- we look at that as being a pretty favorable soft landing, if that's kind of as bad as the fourth quarter is potentially shaping up to be.
W. Anthony Will: But I mean -- thanks, Mark. I think the issue is not just accessibility of power on the rails or power on the river for barge, which is also under pressure right now. As Bert said, barge rates have gone through the roof. But it's building the tanks and the terminal systems and buying the railcars and developing the rolling stock. So as we look at the Port Neal project on a fully loaded basis, as we fold it into our system, based on having announced it in 2012, we're very comfortable we can deliver that project all-in for $1.7 billion. If you are announcing that project today, because of exchange rate fluctuations, lead time and other cost escalations, labor and so forth, it would probably be close to about $2 billion. And if that project were a greenfield, we think it's been more likely be about $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion. And as Bert mentioned earlier with urea pricing in the Gulf, call it, in the $3.20 range through the fourth quarter, the return profile that's available for a $2.4 billion project is pretty skinny. So we think that there are some people that are likely to go out there and continue to evaluate these projects. But the number of them that are likely to come online is less than what North America imports. So we don't see North America going into a structurally long or export position by 2018 or even 2020. Greenfield costs are so much more because you don't have the logistics systems to feed into. You don't have the direct ties to the rail systems, the gas pipelines, the utility lines and so forth. So it really is a tough thing to do on a greenfield basis. And so we feel very comfortable having the brownfield position that we do and having started the projects when we are -- I think it's possible that you could get a Yara, BASF kind of plants being built and a few others like that, but the number of brand-new greenfield in-market plants, we think, is pretty challenged and, in particular, the one that was announced in Indiana for what was claimed to be $1.6 billion, I take the over on that one.
W. Anthony Will: I think this is the way we view it, which is the global nitrogen market is incredibly fragmented. The largest players in the industry only represent 4% to 5% of the total capacity in the marketplace. So it's really, really fragmented. And traditionally, capital-intensive process businesses tend to consolidate over time. And we believe we're in a great position to do it. But we have no interest in going into places that don't have great return profiles for our shareholders. We think our stock represents an incredible value and deploying that capital against high-growth, high-return growth projects in North America where there's low political risks and a long-term stable gas availability, we -- and/ or buying our shares back, we think, is a pretty compelling proposition. So I wouldn't say never, but it's not something that we're out there doing at all costs. Anything that we do in that regard would have to have a great return profile. Otherwise, we're just not interested in doing it.
W. Anthony Will: Yes, we have no interest in helping facilitate other's entry into this marketplace. If the capacity is needed in the market and there's good economics, we think we're fully able to justify building the project on our own and for the benefit of our own shareholders. And as Dennis said, each one of these things just further enhances our ability to fund it with or take on some additional debt service and capital. So we think we can do it if the marketplace desires it. It's really a question about, does the market need it and is the return profile attractive for us to do it. And we are fully committed right now. We don't have the bandwidth to be chasing those things. So we're going to finish what we've started and then reevaluate where we're at, then be very thoughtful about it. But I'm going to turn it over to Bert and let him talk a little bit about the market.
W. Anthony Will: Yes, I mean, we lost that plant for almost the entire quarter, and that directly affected results, both on the expense line side and the fact that we didn't have the revenue coming out of it. Even that said though, we did run our entire system at 96% of rated capacity on the ammonia side. We target closer to 98% or 99%. We think that, that's what readily achievable quarter in and quarter out because there's always going to be some amount of turnaround activity and/or some amount of just unexpected outage. So a couple of points below, but the good news, I guess, if there is any, there was that: one, Woodward is one of our smaller ammonia plants and facilities; two, we didn't have any injuries or other kind of problems and we were able to bring the plant back up and it's in full operation now. So we're back kind of up and running on all cylinders.
W. Anthony Will: Tim, we look at industrial business as an important part of our platform, and I'm going to turn it over to Bert here a little bit to jump into more detail. But I'll tell you, we like the ag market. It generally trades at a premium to industrial. Now you have to have the logistics and distribution infrastructure. You have to have that expertise in your sales force and your other people to be able to participate in that. And some competitors say they prefer industrial because they don't like the volatility. Well, the volatility is all on the positive side relative to industrial. It doesn't go the other direction. So all you have to do is look at what some of the other people who like industrial's price realization is versus ours and you see the benefit of being in the ag marketplace. So I would much prefer to be there, but we do, do some base-loading of industrial business because it's part -- helpful to building an overall book of business.
W. Anthony Will: Tim, the other thing I would say is, there's been some shifts in terms of how the market is operating. So you've seen a number of industry participants, some of our competitors, that have done upgrade projects and other things like that, that have in fact shrunken the amount of available ammonia there is in the Corn Belt. And so -- because that product now shows up in terms of urea or UAN. So the number of tons that are available in the marketplace are actually less. And it's not really possible for importers to come in and bring in ammonia because they don't have in-market storage. It's only really 3 producers that have a significant in-market storage. And therefore, when in-market production goes down the way it has because more of it's being upgraded, it really means that there's not the opportunity for that price collapse.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. I actually think it's more the second part of that, which is, at the end of the day, people need to eat, plants require nitrogen, it is not a discretionary nutrient and farmers understand that and apply it every year. We see nitrogen demand continuing to go up about 2% per year. And in fact, all of the things that you're talking about, which create various supply disruptions at different points in the world, really just help us. And our -- one of the benefits of being a global participant but with a North American production base is we are not prone to the same kind of instability and disruption that those other areas are. And if the Brazilians need to import more nitrogen and are willing to pay a premium for it, we're in a prime position to be able to ship it to them. So we really like-- have our asset base and where our new production is going to start coming online here pretty soon. And it gives us the flexibility of either serving North American farmers' needs or Latin American or other places. So a lot of the stuff that's going on out there is actually, I think, pretty helpful for our business over the long run.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. I think it's more, at that point, more of a payout ratio that we'll be kind of focusing at right now. As Dennis mentioned earlier, we think our shares continue to be a screaming value. And so we think we need to be kind of in the right range. And again, I'm targeting sort of 1.5% to 2% because, look, we've got 25% of additional capacity that's going to be coming online here in the next -- beginning within a year from now. And so we think there's an awful lot of runway for our shares to move and put us back into that range. And again, given that we think our shares are a big value, we want to make sure that we have a bias in the short term towards share repurchase. As the capacity comes online and as we start generating these really significant increases in cash flow generation, I think it's -- and with the drop-off on CapEx, it warrants a reevaluation of how we position us with respect to both industry peers and the marketplace and what our shareholders are looking for. But I think the important point here is we're not doing anything stupid. We're returning all of the shares and the people that are long-term holders are very thankful that we're heavy-ing up on the share repurchases because it's benefiting them pretty substantially. So we're going to go ahead and continue to keep the dialogue open with shareholders, but our focus is return excess capital.
W. Anthony Will: Thank you. Just want to give a little perspective on the last few years. So we have and we continue to increase the capacity of our business through high return investments. We completed the sale of our Phosphate segment. We've lowered the cost of capital through our investment grade bond offerings. We've grown our dividends by a compound annual growth rate of 62% since our IPO. And we've reduced our share count by 32% since funding the Terra acquisition just 4 years ago. It's a terrific set of accomplishments, one we are committed to continuing on behalf of our shareholders. Thank you for your time today.
