Bert A. Frost: Thanks, Tony. The global fertilizer market has continued to be very competitive and the supply of fertilizer has been heavily impacted by new exportable global production and lower ocean freight rates. During 2015 and through the third quarter, the devaluation of multiple currencies only exacerbated this situation. Chinese government devalued their currency during the third quarter. This devaluation, along with less expensive coal and ocean freight, help to push the international price of urea lower. However, over the last few months, China has been reducing its exports. This decline has also been evidenced in the last three India urea tenders, which saw lower Chinese producer participation. Additionally, over the last few weeks, several large curtailments of urea facilities have been reported in China. The weak ruble continues to give incentive to Russia nitrogen producers to export rather than to supply domestic Russian demand. Prices are higher outside of Russia, and payment in dollars is more advantageous than in rubles. The Brazilian real also continued its decline during the quarter and has had a negative impact on the urea market, where Brazilian imports are down nearly 38% year-over-year. In North America, the third quarter is traditionally a lower demand quarter as farmers focus on the fall harvest and manufacturers build their inventories in anticipation of the fall ammonia application and spring fertilizer seasons, this year was no exception. While all these factors have led to a depressed pricing environment, we believe pricing is beginning to stabilize and that we have reached the seasonal floor of anthracite coal-based production in China at around $250 a ton delivered to the U.S. Gulf. Sales volume for the third quarter was 3.2 million tons. Production volume was heavily impacted by the turnaround and refurbishment at our facility in Woodward, Oklahoma. The facility was offline for 75 days during the quarter, impacting year-over-year production by approximately 200,000 tons combined of UAN, ammonia and DEF. We entered the third quarter with adequate levels of ammonia inventory after a very robust first six month shipment pace. The new Donaldsonville urea plant was expected to start production in the third quarter, and, therefore, consume most of the excess ammonia inventory position. However, the urea plant will come on later than expected. Coupled with the previously scheduled downtime of upgrading capacity to Donaldsonville, these drove higher levels of net ammonia than usual and we made the decision to sell spot ammonia into lower-priced export markets. During the third quarter, we completed the successful UAN fill program that was launched late in the second quarter. We were able to book over 3 million tons for the campaign at healthy netbacks. Ammonium nitrate continued the trend of lower demand that began in 2014. The third quarter is normally a slow demand period for AN in North America, and 2015 is proven to be especially challenged. However, we were able to maintain an adequate ammonium nitrate production rate in the Yazoo City by utilizing the export channel. In the United Kingdom, AN is also experiencing slow demand, but is more of a seasonal issue and we expect there to be good agricultural demand going forward. We're optimistic about the future of North American AN given our supply agreement with Orica that will be starting in 2017, as well as continued growth in the United Kingdom. The fundamental demand characteristics for nitrogen are strong. In North America, nitrogen fertilizer demand is expected to be slightly higher in 2016 with about 15.7 million tons of consumption. The harvest is progressing, ammonia applications have begun, and the current returns for the 2016 crop based on new crop futures favor corn plantings. As a result, CF now expects 2016 plantings to be 90.5 million acres, which is 2.1 million acres higher than the current year. We have an appropriate level of inventory of product that we believe is well positioned to support our customers' needs for the fall ammonia application and spring season. Along with stabilizing prices and lower imports, this could lead to better than expected pricing for the fourth quarter. We expect to be well positioned to sell all that we can produce. Now, let me turn the call over to Dennis.
Bert A. Frost: Hey, good morning. This is Bert. And thanks for the question. You're exactly right, ammonia price was lower. When you look at ammonia in the third quarter, it is a non-agricultural application ammonia quarter. We had a little bit that might bleed in from Q2 just for some side-dress, but it's predominantly an industrial quarter. And that was reflected in our result. When you look at the – what drives many of our industrial contracts that would be Tampa-based pricing, which was $460 in July and August and then $445 in September. So, for an average, let's say, of in the $450s. Taken to a short ton, that gets you pretty close to $400, and that reflects a lot of what was driving our numbers as well as gas-based contracts when you have gas in the $220 to $270 range during the quarter, that drove the pricing realization lower. Now, we've exported – as we mentioned in our comments, exported or sold into the spot market around 18% to 20% of our volume and that came at those numbers. And so, when you roll that up, we're in line with what the international markets were, actually higher, but lower, I think, what you all expected.
Bert A. Frost: Actually, it's going to be positive. We're still following that and we just participated in the energy conference here in Chicago and what the implications mechanically will be for these engines that are out, already in the market that will be recalled, and then for changes to the existing structure of the power unit going forward. So, we do see that as a positive step for DEF. DEF continues to grow in the 30% to 40% range per year. We're actively participating, actively growing – actively growing our production, as we already announced for Courtright and Donaldsonville. And, that's a very positive light for us going forward.
Bert A. Frost: Good morning. So, for – we don't really give exact numbers, although I did say 3 million tons was done in the second quarter and into the third quarter for the UAN fill program. The fill program is at the end of the season and then that pushes us through generally November, December. We've continued to take sales after the fill program. So, we have a very healthy order book for the UAN, for our UAN position going forward, and are continuing to participate in the domestic as well as the international market. As you can see from our price realization at $241 relative to today's NOLA prices that are published in the publications, we think that's an incredibly positive position, and we're going to continue to build on that. For ammonia, the fall season is just starting; we had a pretty good day yesterday with shipments out, but we're adherents and advocates for the 4R program that the TFI and other industry participants are advocating to farmers. And the crux of that is applying ammonia when the ground temperature is 50 degrees; and today, as we sit in sunny Deerfield, it's close to be 70 degrees. So, we look at the ammonia season as being delayed, but we've got a lot of product sold forward and ready to be applied in November. If you look at the 30-day forecast, which we tend to follow probably every hour these days, you've got positive temperatures in the 50s during the day time into the first week of December. So, we think we've got a lot of runway still to go, and product is positioned. And I think this really gives the advantage to CF. Because of our terminal system, we're able to supply, and we fully supply when that condensed time does take place. And I think this year it could be a week to 10 days that the majority of our ammonia goes out. So we're prepared and price realization, we think, will be positive.
Bert A. Frost: So, right now, you're right, NOLA has been hovering in the $240s, $250s; we've been realizing a different range of price structure based on where we're selling and how we're selling. But I do see some positive things coming, as I mentioned in my comments, with the situation today in China. We expect profitability or lack thereof is for the marginal producer, the anthracite coal producer. But when you look around the globe, we do believe there is sufficient supply available and the cost curve has moved a little bit lower, so we may be stabilizing in that $250 to $285. But I do expect to see some spikes because there is – as we can see from the inventory chain, not a lot of inventory is being built in North America as well as in Europe. And we expect demand to be continued to be strong in India. So there are some good demand points. I don't see Brazil coming back this year. I think, as we said, 38% down year-over-year. I think that we're entering their higher demand season, October, November, December, January for the second crop corn. So, I would say, we'll stay in a range – a little bit range bound this year due to capacity. And then, as Tony mentioned, we're fairly positive going forward in the out-years on what can take place.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah, it's an interesting conundrum as we look and watch these markets develop. I think you're just seeing, we're in a time of change and a lot of product has come on and more product will be coming on, and we have to find a balance in the markets. There are times when NOLA has traded below international parity, and obviously we watched that with interest. And when it's above, we want to participate at a greater share. And so, there are some tactical moves we'd like to make internally with where we position product, where we sell and how we sell. But I think, today with – and you look at the paper market and you look at what the forward markets are offering, we seem to be range bound at least through 2015 and I think some of the other changes will come as a result of inventory decisions, buying decisions. But I do see, like I said earlier, some positive points moving forward with demand coming out of – I think increased demand coming out of India. I hope in 2016, we see return to Brazil that plant that's in (38:32) not be operating for years. So the 5 million tons of demand out of Brazil will probably be there and a return to some other markets. And I don't think that Chinese anthracite coal producer can continue at their current rate of production and we're seeing that reflected in operating rates in China. And so, when you look at the 13.6 million tons exported last year, estimating 12 million tons this year, I expect that to slowly wind-down to probably an acceptable rate in the 5 million to 10 million tons longer term, which sets up available options for CF.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah. When you look at, that is an issue we're following when the sanctions are lifted. We have already seen exports out of Iran increased by, I think, 1 million tons and that could possibly be a further 1 million tons of urea and not necessarily ammonia. There are discussions we know with some Indian producers to look at possibly putting up a new plant at probably three years to four years down the road, but Iran sits on a lot of gas and then it makes sense for them to monetize that gas and they will be a competitive producer and participant. But I think the ammonia would stay more in the Asia marketplace, and – because that push back Black Sea product or Ukrainian production, not much of that is going there today. And so, looking at your – the second part of your question, what happens to Black Sea and Ukrainian production, a lot of that's going to depends on what goes forward with some of the geopolitical issues there. But I do think that gets backed out, and I think Trinidadian supply continues to move into Florida, into Europe, and maybe even into South America with some of the movements that are taking place today. Ammonia as well, it's – we've hit a low point in the market where Tampa is positioned today. And so, we're continuing to watch that and participate and use the benefit of our terminalling system enable to store product, move product, and participate at a greater degree of the agricultural markets in Q4 and Q2 of next year.
Bert A. Frost: I think there are a lot of things driving. That was also a point to change for the industry. Tampa has always been a price setting mechanism for this hemisphere, and you're right, there will be changes, we have almost 1 million ton supply with – combined with our Trinidadian contract for Mosaic. But you have to remember that OCP is also increasing production with their diammonium phosphate, monoammonium phosphate production. So a lot of that ammonia can be sourced from either Ukraine or shooting over from Trinidad, and there have been some of our colleagues in the industry have already signed some contracts for that ammonia supply. So I think it longer term, yes, when our contract starts in 2017 and actually some of our other contracts that position CF well being Orica, and CHS, we think that all those are part of our strategy to position ourselves in what we think is going to be a good market for CF in all the four products.
Bert A. Frost: When you look at the by-region, generally the Q4 application season is ammonia-focused and we start in Canada and then move south as the weather cooperates. And we've had an adequate season in Canada out of our three terminals as well as our plants, moving that product to the ground. I'd expect – like I said earlier, we've had a pretty good day yesterday, but we're still not at full shipping rates out of the terminals. And so, you'll start seeing the Dakotas and Iowa and Nebraska, places like that, kicking off here shortly. And then, the Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas region already had part of their ammonia season go in Q3, which was focused on wheat pre-plant, and so that's more of a July, August, September application. And as we mentioned our Woodward plant was down, so we were unable to participate in a lot of that shipment season. In Texas and for some of the corn acres, they've had a lot of good moisture and we're pretty pleased to see with some of the rains that have come through. That's also good for the Midwest, which allows ammonia to set, and so with a good moisture profile in the soil, that allows your applications to move forward. In the Delta, I can't really comment too much in that region, we're getting ready for ammonium nitrate in the Southeast, in the Delta region. Other than that, that's pretty much all I can comment.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah. When you look at ammonia over time, it's fairly consistent. We're projecting 4.7 million tons. It has been a little over 5 million tons in years past when we were – and we had some higher acres numbers. But we see acres recovering into the 90 million range – 90 million, 91 million. And so, I think with the pricing structure that's available to a farmer and through the retail system, it's pretty attractive to apply ammonia. But we have to think of all the three major products in conjunction, or in – together on an end value. And so you can't get too distanced from what ammonia is for urea and UAN. And we're mindful of that and we're keeping our pricing in line with historical averages. So, we're fairly positive on UAN demand and what will take place for Q1 and Q2.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Thanks, Bert. Beginning this quarter, we have changed our segment reporting, moving from four segments; ammonia, urea, UAN, and Other to five. Ammonium nitrate will now be reported as its own segment. Prior to this change, ammonium nitrate was part of the Other segment. This is as a result of its greater role in our portfolio with the addition of the former GrowHow assets in the United Kingdom. In the third quarter, we generated $256 million of EBITDA on sales of $927 million. This compares to $338 million of EBITDA on sales of $921 million in the third quarter of 2014. As Tony discussed, EBITDA results were lower than the prior year period due to a few distinct items. First, our cost of goods sold was affected by an unrealized mark-to-market loss on our natural gas hedges of $126 million. Second, we incurred $37 million in costs associated with our acquisitions. Third, we had approximately $15 million in costs related to the expansions of our Donaldsonville and Port Neal facilities. And finally, these were partially offset by a gain of $94 million related to the remeasurement of our investment in GrowHow. During the quarter, we also recorded approximately $30 million in other expenses for certain items. These items included $17 million in fixed cost absorption related to the turnaround and refurbishment at our Woodward, Oklahoma facility. There were also approximately $6 million in costs related to the financing of the OCI deal. The expansion projects are progressing well at both Donaldsonville and Port Neal. We announced an increase in the projected capital costs of roughly 10% versus our previous estimate of $4.2 billion. The main factors driving the estimate up are the finalization of engineering drawings later than we anticipated and the productivity of our contractors. As engineering has been completed, we have found that the actual construction quantities required to complete the projects exceeded earlier estimates provided by the engineering contractor. Increases in quantities result in more labor hours required to complete the job. And because we have placed a priority on schedule, that also means more craftsmen, more extended shifts, and lower productivity than originally expected. However, we now have virtually all of the engineering work completed, so the uncertainty going forward at least with respect to quantities of materials has been significantly reduced. Weather and labor productivity will continue to be variables in the equation, but we are beginning to see the finish lines, particularly at Donaldsonville. Including the estimated cost increase, the projects are still expected to generate after-tax returns in the mid-teens, which is well above our cost of capital. This is because our initial financial forecast assumed a forward gas strip much higher than the gas strip available today. Additionally, when we did the original project economics, we used a conservative nitrogen price forecast for the first several years of project operation. For the full year 2015, we expect our total capital expenditures to be approximately $2.6 billion. This consists of approximately $2 billion for the capacity expansion projects and approximately $600 million of sustaining and other capital expenditures. In the third quarter, the company repurchased 358,000 shares for approximately $22.5 million, bringing shares outstanding down to 233 million as of September 30, 2015. Including shares repurchased during the first two quarters, this brings the company's year-to-date share repurchases to 8.9 million shares, for approximately $527 million. During the quarter, we completed a $1 billion private placement of senior notes. We intend to use the proceeds to fund our capital expenditure programs and for general corporate purposes. In the third quarter of 2015, the average realized cost of natural gas purchased by the company for North American operations was $2.77 per MMBtu, a 37% decline year-over-year. The average realized cost of gas purchased by the company in the United Kingdom in the third quarter was $6.43 per MMBtu and gas in the United Kingdom continues to trend downward as the effects of lower oil prices filter into liquefied natural gas prices and long-term gas contracts indexed to oil. The overall average realized cost of natural gas purchased by the company in the third quarter was $3.07 per MMBtu. During the third quarter of 2015 we did not enter into any additional hedges for the balance of 2015, but added to existing hedges for 2016 and 2017 in addition to initiating hedges for 2018. These hedges and the fixed basis differentials we have in place for our Port Neal and Courtright complexes have taken significant amount of cost risk off the table. For additional detail on the company's natural gas hedges, please refer to the natural gas table in the appendix of the earnings release. With that, Tony will provide some closing remarks before we open the call to Q&A.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yeah. And there is – yeah, we also had $17 million of fixed cost absorption that's rolled through as well, Chris, during the quarter. So – but just step back from it, Chris, our plants run with the same efficiency they've always run, gas costs, what it costs, and our gas price profile is very good, and the overheads and stuff associated with the plants are not really any different today than they were before. So, no, there hasn't been margin deterioration. If you look at SG&A, it's up a little bit in the quarter, but it's about exactly the same for the year, and that just reflects the addition of – largely just the addition of the GrowHow assets on a consolidated basis during the quarter. And then the other operating net line you see that that moves up and down, but that's mostly just forex moments for the most part, and then costs associated or expense items associated with the expansion projects. So, no, there is really nothing in there a much of a story.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yeah. The way we look at that, Jeff, just I think a good way to think about it is it's basically – if you think about it around $40 a ton. So for this quarter if you think about the mark-to-market that is embedded in the cost of goods sold for each of the segments, it varies by segment. But if you look at it across the whole business, it's about $40 per ton and it's going to be based effectively on – if you look at the gas content in each of the products.
W. Anthony Will: Well, Chris, remember that unrealized mark-to-market losses on the gas hedge positions rolled through those numbers. So, there is almost $130 million of kind of non-operational, non-recurring cost that show up in those numbers. That's one thing you have to back out.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, Vincent, let me kind of step back and talk about where we sat in 2012 when we made the decision to move forward with these projects. At the time, the forward curve was above $5.50 per MMBtu and that dramatically changes what the profitability of the output of these plants are. We did anticipate at that time based on the number of projects that had been announced and were in flight in Middle East, North Africa, as well as in China that kind of 2016 was going to be sort of a low point in the pricing curve. And so, we had put forward, as Dennis mentioned in his comments, a pretty conservative view of where nitrogen was going to trade over the coming years before it started kind of recovering at the back-end of 2017 and into 2018. And so, nothing really that's happened in the marketplaces is all that dramatic other than the fact that, overall, the global cost inputs for all hydrocarbons have shifted down, but if you look at kind of the effective impact on the margin that we're realizing, it is not that dramatically different. And, as such, there has been a little bit of deterioration particularly in Port Neal, because that's where the brunt of the cost increases have occurred, but the Donaldsonville project is still pretty darn close to where we had made the original calculations for a return on that. And, so as a result, both projects end up kind of solidly in the mid-teens return.
W. Anthony Will: The other benefit, Steve, is it looks like the crop is coming off the fields in about the normal timeframe, are in fact largely off. And so, there looks like a pretty good runway here in front of us for a really strong application season in the fall, given the mild temperature. So we're really pleased with where we're positioned.
W. Anthony Will: So, Steve, I think as we sit here today, based on the dock configuration, we're able to export approximately 50% of the D'ville production. We have enough dock space down there where if that looks like something that we want to increase for a, not that dramatic cost, we can dredge the channel a little bit, do some infrastructure improvements and increase our export capacity. So we've got a fair bit of flexibility in terms of export capability there. I would say, initially we're going to kind of continue to ramp-up versus where we are, but a lot of it just has to do with what is the net kind of – we're not really thinking about it from a netback margin perspective anymore, we're thinking about it from a netback after-tax cash flow perspective. And what we're going to be maximizing is a little bit of a different calculus than what we've done in the past, which was focused on EBITDA and margin. We're going to look at what's the best possible after-tax cash position. And that might, on the margin, lead us to tapping into international opportunities, if they look attractive. But it's really going to be an at-the-moment decision based on the different global market conditions and where we can maximize our cash returns.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. Don, we haven't really changed our philosophy at all in terms of the forward hedge. As we sat earlier in 2015, we look forward and we could lock most of 2016 at basically $3 flat, and we've been historically criticized for being too slow to lock in gas because people have said it takes risk off the table. When we saw a forward price at $3 for the year, we thought this actually makes a fair bit of sense and we didn't do it all at once, we kind of stepped our way into it over a couple of different tranches. But over the long run, we think $3 is a pretty darn good cost, and generally speaking if you're drilling in dry gas fields we think that's still below the replacement cost of new production and maybe lower than that or substantially lower than that in some of the wet plays, but in a dry gas area. So that was part of the rationale as we thought about locking that position is. As we look forward, we think the 2017 and 2018 curve is under pressure a little bit by where the current storage position is in the U.S. and we would expect demand to continue to increase. So while the positions we're sitting in 2017 and 2018 are underwater relative to where the market is trading today. I don't think they were bad decisions to enter into in hindsight. The other thing I want to point out is, we have not hedged the gas associated with the OCI production. So, between the Beaumont facility and the Wever facility, there is a fair bit of increased gas consumption that we have in North America and that remains completely unhedged and in 2016, 2017, and 2018 as well.
W. Anthony Will: Good morning, Joel. Yeah, we currently have not hedged gas in the UK, it is something we are spending a fair bit of time looking at and evaluating and, similarly, we haven't done any kind of forward hedges for the gas that we're going to be needing at Geleen in the Netherlands as well. Gas currently in the UK is trading sort of in and around $6 and it's kind of up to $6.50 on the forward, it's relatively flat. So, as we look at that, it's attractive relative to historical, there is good margin to be had at that sort of gas price. And it's something we're looking at, but we haven't jumped into that so far.
W. Anthony Will: The other point, Joel, that I'd like to bring up is, as you sort of rewind the clock, you can look forward and see there was this ongoing tail of new plants that were coming online in China and Middle East, North Africa. That sort of tail, by the time we get to the middle of next year, is largely empty from there going forward. The U.S. plants will be online. Most of the Chinese plants will be completed and operating. So there has been this pretty significant build that's left this overhang of capacity and the marginal stuff swings on and off depending upon where price is. And, as you say, it sort of puts a relative cap on where prices get to before the marginal producer swings back into production again. The global nitrogen demand is growing about 2% per year and that requires four to five world-scale ammonia complexes being brought on every year just to meet what the demand is. And so, as we look forward and the existing capacity gets absorbed into the marketplace, any kind of rebound in the Chinese economy with attendant increase in coal prices there, all of a sudden makes this marketplace shift into a different dynamic from a really over-heavily supplied position to one where there is some price appreciation. So, we think this is kind of the tough area to get through, but even at these ranges we're highly, highly profitable. And as we get into a recovery mode, we'll participate in that very, very nicely.
W. Anthony Will: Adam, as we look at Trinidad going forward, we continue to think that gas is going to be in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% curtailments into point leases like it's been over the last year or so. And we don't really see any kind of catalyst for additional production coming online in Trinidad. Given how low ammonia price is and most of those gas contracts are and product linked that the net realized price to NGC and back to the gas producers is lower than the incremental cost of bringing on new production there. So, there is not a catalyst to bring on new production, we think those plants are going to continue to run well below what their rate is capable of running, and that certainly helps from the standpoint of an overall S&D balance.
W. Anthony Will: Obviously, most of that goes into ammonia and then as ammonia rolls into the upgrade, it carries that additional cost with it. So, as Dennis said, it really goes as a function of the nutrient content or the end content in each of the products. So ammonia is going to carry the biggest proportion of that on a per ton basis, and then it's going to work its way down.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. So, generally speaking, the system that we have today runs on a sustaining CapEx; this is kind of just keep-the-lights-on basis of about $350 million a year. And what we spend about above that, generally speaking, are things that are improvements. So, we're putting about $60 million into the Yazoo City facility in order to be able to convert Ag AN production into industrial grade in order to serve the Orica contract and make sure that we've got that plant fully loaded going forward. We're doing some DEF expansion projects in Courtright and in Donaldsonville, so that we can add capacity for DEF. We're doing some DCS implementations to improve our control environment and safety in a number of our facilities. Those things are on top of it. So as you look – and by the way, a lot of those projects have pretty significant positive return profiles associated with it. So, the $600 million that we're spending next year is kind of all of that stuff bundled together outside of the capacity expansion stuff, of which, kind of $350 million is keep-the-lights-on; the rest of it has a pretty good return profile to it.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, Dan, so the contract that we have with OCI, puts an absolute dollar limit cap on the amount of cost that kind of gets transfer to us from the completion, actually both of those facilities. So, we know what the ceiling is in both cases and at least with respect to Wever, my understanding is OCI has a fixed dollar cap limit for the construction piece with the construction company that they're using. So it really, at this point, is kind of on the contractors' nickel once they – there is a little of cushion in there that once they're through that cushion, it's all on the contractors' nickel. So, we're kind of $1 certain in terms of at least the top end of the cost, if it comes in lower than that, it will be a favorable surprise to us. But we're anticipating and modeling and assuming that we're going to bear the ceiling on those costs on those projects.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, when you look at China, every year is an anomaly. When you see the numbers ramp-up from zero tons, 2 million tons, 4 million tons, 8 million tons, 13 million tons, and so, we're modeling this year coming down to 12 million tons. I think based on – again, cost structure market optionality and how we see the market developing, I think, that's a declining run rate. But I'm not comfortable giving you a specific number.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, Andrew, so the – we've got antitrust clearance now in the U.S. We filed our final filing for European antitrust clearance, and so, really the kind of the long pole in the tent on this whole process revolves around kind of the SEC process from getting the S-4 offering document through the SEC review period – process and having an effective document that we can send to shareholders. As soon as that goes to shareholders as effective, we can post our annual meeting date, or our special meeting date, we'll have the meeting for the vote on both the OCI and the CF side, and then according to Dutch Law, there is a 60-day wait period following the approval of the shareholders for a reduction in capital in the OCI business that gives their creditors a chance to be notified appropriately. So, it's really kind of the wait period between noticing the annual – of the shareholder meeting, having a shareholder meeting and then the 60-day creditor notice that pushes us how we think likely into kind of the Q2 time horizon. Part of that depends upon how quickly we can get through the SEC review period on the S-4. But we're certainly working very diligently on trying to expedite that process as much as possible. And then once we're closed as long as we're not in the dark window or the blackout window around a quarter between sort of the quarter closing and announcing results that type of thing. The window is open and we'll be able to go ahead and initiate share repurchases at that point.
W. Anthony Will: So on Woodward this year, it was a pretty major turnaround. This was really the first opportunity that we've had to go in and kind of convert the plant over to the CF's standards for doing things. So we implemented a full DCS system in the Woodward plant. We did a complete re-harp of the reformer, and then there was just a fair bit of found work from things that – in the preceding period before we owned the plant had not really kind of been kept up to our standards. And so, as a result of the found work, it did extend a little longer than what was originally planned and the costs were a bit higher that led to then the fixed cost absorption that we had to go through. But our focus is to make sure the plants are safe, make sure we can get high on-stream and reliability out of them, and we feel very good about the state of that plant now on a go-forward basis, so that we'll be able to run it hard.
W. Anthony Will: We, generally speaking, don't provide a lot of turnaround information, part of that is because we've managed very carefully kind of what our inventory position is and how we satisfy our customers' requirements and we don't think it necessarily helps to give all of our competitors that sort of detail around how to plan for what our production looks like.
