Richard Hoker: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. As Steve indicated earlier, CF Industries reported net earnings of $48 million or $0.67 per diluted share, compared to earnings of about $39 million or $0.78 per share in the same period last year. Third quarter earnings included an unrealized mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives of $26 million pretax, $23 million of business combination and integration costs and Perú project development costs of less than $1 million. In the third quarter of 2010, net sales of $917 million included Nitrogen segment sales of $735 million and Phosphate segment sales of $182 million. Nitrogen volumes for the quarter were 3 million tons compared to 1.2 million tons in the year-ago quarter. Incidentally, on this call and in our filings, the word tons refer to short tons, unless otherwise noted. Nitrogen sales were 166% higher than in the third quarter of 2009 due to the acquisition of Terra, stronger demand and higher average prices. Our average price realization for ammonia was $394 per ton, which was about $40 higher than the average price last year. Ammonia sales volume was strong at 513,000 tons. Urea price realizations were about the same as the third quarter of 2009, but volume of 713,000 tons was much higher. UAN price realizations were 21% higher than the third quarter of 2009, with volume of 1.4 million tons. DAP and MAP average price realizations for the third quarter were 43% higher year-over-year and volume was 3% higher. Gross margin of $170 million was up 37% from the year-earlier quarter. Gross margin for the Nitrogen segment was up $39 million from the third quarter of 2009, due to much higher volumes from the inclusion of Terra's results and higher average pricing, offset partially by higher natural gas costs, including the impact of mark-to-market adjustments. Gross margin for DAP and MAP were up 34% year-over-year due to higher average prices. Steve indicated that our cash balance at the end of the quarter was about $650 million. We also held $122 million in auction rate securities, net debt, including the liability for customer advances, but excluding the auction rate securities was $1.9 billion. Customer advances grew by more than $300 million during the third quarter, as we resumed forward-selling activity. We paid back $350 million of our bank term loan in the third quarter, which resulted in accelerated amortization of previously incurred loans fees, similar to what we saw in the second quarter. Also, there are two new tables in the of our press release that show how this accelerated amortization impacted interest expense and DD&A. Approximately $650 million of the original $1.2 billion term loan was outstanding at September 30. We also mentioned in the press release that we're in a period of strong cash flow. We'll continue to use available cash flow to pay down our bank debt in the fourth quarter. Now let me turn it back to Steve.
Richard Hoker: Yes, Vincent, it's actually the reverse of what you're describing. What we do is we project out the full year earnings, and what happened in this particular case is that we increased our estimate of full year earnings. So when those extra earnings get built in to our calculation of a tax rate, they come in at a 35% rate. Now the previous rate was higher than 35%, so the 35% reduces the rate down. And then that reduced rate gets reflected in the third quarter. And so the full impact of the lower rate on the year-to-date earnings goes through the third quarter earnings. So if you want to get a feel for what our full-year rate estimate is, just look at our third quarter year-to-date results, and you'll see that, excluding noncontrolling interest from pretax income, it's about a 44% rate.
Richard Hoker: Don, if you recall at the end of June, I believe our customer advanced balance was $11 million. So it has grown substantially. It is, I think, roughly in line with some other points that we've had in the past. As the outlook for the fall turned into reality and the outlook for the spring seems to be coming together, we obviously have had a lot of interest on the part of our customers to lock in supply, and we've had the normal kind of back and forth between supplier and customer in terms of arriving at the appropriate timing and pricing for shipments.
Richard Hoker: I'm only commenting on how the $11 million has grown into $321 million, and I will just say, in general, that we have good demand for our product for the spring shipment.
Stephen Wilson: Thanks, Rich. I would like to discuss our outlook for the next couple of quarters. The fall fertilizer season is off to a great start. As anticipated, the early corn and soybean harvest is providing a long window for fall fieldwork, and farmers are taking advantage of it. The temperature drop we have experienced over the last two weeks allowed agricultural ammonia movement to get underway earlier than normal in the upper Midwest, and we're in the midst of a period of ideal conditions for ammonia applications. Available supply is expected to remain very thin, although we may have some volume available in the late fall, if the current excellent weather pattern extends the application season. Foreign and wheat crop prospects have both improved over the last few months, with very tight balances suggesting that planting for each could expand by about 4 million acres next year. A tight domestic grain market and the Russian export ban are expected to crop futures and cash prices have historically high levels. With favorable prices, U.S. farmers will enter the 2011 planting season in an excellent financial position, which should encourage complete fertilizer application. Longer term, the EPA's announcement in mid-October that E15 blends are approved for model year 2007 cars and newer will provide additional support to corn planting. The EPA is expected to announce this decision with respect to model years 2001 through 2006, sometime this month. For the 2011 fertilizer year in total, we increased expect increased planted acreage and higher nutrient application rates to lift nitrogen demand to over 13 million nutrient tons, the second highest on record. Urea prices strengthened recently. If reports that China's export tariff position will start at least two months earlier this year prove to be true, global urea supply will be reduced. UAN prices are also expected to be supported by low domestic inventory levels and international availability and should get further support from the increase in urea prices. In addition to these favorable fertilizer market factors, the outlook for our Nitrogen segment is supported by low forward natural gas prices. 12-month natural gas strip averages about $4.10, and our future financial results also will benefit from prices below $4 in both October and November of 2010. At today's product price, $4 of natural gas supports the a very high margins. Phosphate demand for fertilizer year 2011 is projected to increase 8% from 2010, which will return it to the 10-year average. Domestic shipments in the fourth quarter are projected to remain strong due to the robust acreage forecast and recovering application rates. Product availability across the U.S. supply chain remains tight, which may limit new export sales. Indian import commitments continue to underpin international pricing, while favorable crop prices encourage spot prices in other major markets. Global supply is expected to be constrained by a tight domestic Chinese market and potential supply controls there, as well as continuing delay in the modern project start-up. So the outlook for our business is clearly very positive and should sustain strong profitability and cash flow in upcoming periods, assuming weather and other uncontrollable factors are favorable. When we embarked upon the Terra initiative in January 2009, we envisioned a stronger and larger but nimble North American fertilizer producer with a skilled team dedicated to serving customers in an effective and profitable fashion. It was just for this type of market that we sought the combination. I believe we're just beginning to realize the earnings potential of CF Industries. With that, let's open the call to your questions. Regina, please explain the Q&A procedures.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we certainly like having some volume available to take advantage of strong opportunities. But one of the major factors that worked this fall is that, with the low window for fieldwork, we have the opportunity to resupply our system to a certain extent. And so, if the window remains open, we'll be able to get more ammonia to our terminals and, therefore, have more available to customers. That's the general paradigm there.
Stephen Wilson: If you don't mind, Mark, we'll take those in reverse order. I'll talk about the synergies. We are very pleased with our progress on synergies. The focal point of that work is in the whole interplay between production sales, and supply and logistics, looking for opportunities to take distribution and transportation costs out by manufacturing closer to the customer, eliminating movements, where we can or shortening movements where we can eliminate movements. And those are proven to be very successful. We are on track to be at about $100 million per year run rate by the end of the year. We feel more confident about that, of course, than we did three months ago because we're closer to the end of the year. And we're well on our way to achieving in excess of the high end of our synergy targets. Obviously, the rate at which we discover opportunities is slowing down, as we move into the process, but we're still finding new opportunities. And I'd like to have Bert respond to the question on industrial ammonia.
Stephen Wilson: It's all of the above. And as we move through the third quarter, certainly, we're booking business for the current quarter. But also, interest was sparked for next spring because of the robust planning intentions that we feel are underpinning the whole market right now.
Stephen Wilson: Edlain, our view on gas purchasing is that it is a raw material for our fertilizer production, and we tend to want to match our gas purchase price, fixing it as purchase price to our fixed-price nitrogen sales to take the risk out of the equation. So we continue to be on a track where, when we book a forward sale, we will do a swap transaction to match the quantity of has acquired with the quantity of required for the nitrogen product. We do that on a disciplined basis. Obviously, the margins that are available to us today are quite attractive. On occasion, we will take a position beyond that when we see gas prices that are particularly attractive. Given where the strip is today and given, frankly, the relative stability of that, that we've seen recently, we're not really looking to the locked-in gas now in excess of our fixed-price nitrogen needs. But that could change if we have a significant downward-moving gas price.
Stephen Wilson: We made a very brief comment on Perú in the press release. And I really have no glass to answer that. We have a couple of very important infrastructure issues, two pipeline issues, that need to be resolved before we would be in a position to do our final analysis and come to a conclusion on it. And just to remind you, the first issue is the expansion of the pipeline that goes from the Camisea region where the Andes to the coast, that's the main pipeline. That doesn't have enough capacity today to meet the needs of our plant. And then the second need is to build a pipeline from the intersection point with the coast down to our plant site. That's about 120 kilometers of pipe. That project has not been started. And so, until those issues are resolved, we certainly wouldn't commit our stockholders' capital and wouldn't be able to find lenders that would finance it. It's still an interesting and intriguing project. Our spend rate on it has been reduced considerably. We basically spending a minimum amount necessary, it's almost a de minimis amount at this point. And we hope that these issues get resolved, and we can bring the decision forward, but we're not there now. And I can't predict when others will get those other two things taken care of.
Stephen Wilson: Edlain, I guess I just would remind those of you who have been following us for a while and perhaps let those new investors know that exactly or almost exactly two years ago, we had our board approve a $500 million share repurchase program. After a lot of thought and careful consideration, we executed that in about 12 or 13 trading days. We bought the stock back somewhere in the mid-50s. And I believe it works. So that turn out to be, I think, a good use of our cash. As we go forward and assuming that the cash generation continues to be as robust as it has been and we believe it will be, we'll have the wonderful problem of figuring out how to deploy that cash and returning cash to shareholders. We'll be prominent on the list of things that we consider. And I think that our investors should feel comfortable that we will be prudent stewards of their capital given our own history in that regard.
Stephen Wilson: Mike, I know, certainly, our gas cost system has a major cost in the nitrogen side, and I think our gas cost has been roughly with the market. We have some increase in non-cash costs. We have higher depreciation due to the acquisition of Terra. And we had a bit more turnaround activity in the third quarter than normal, so that would have increased some of the fixed costs associated with the Nitrogen business. Those are the factors that come to mind right now.
Stephen Wilson: I believe I'm correct here that we still have some phosphate to ship offshore this quarter or have shipped it this quarter. Beyond that, we have that we don't have any or any meaningful amount of export potential [ph] at this point.
Stephen Wilson: Well, I think our production in the third quarter was around 89% of capacity. That's a fairly typical kind of run rate for us, maybe a little lower than the range we like to have, but I think it's within the range of normalcy. We've had certainly increases in sulfur costs. Sulfur has been particularly tight, it's getting tighter. The costs is going up. The published price for the fourth quarter is about $160 a metric ton, that's a significant increase. That will be feathered into our mix through the quarter. We're not paying that as a blended price in the fourth quarter. We have not had production disruptions due to insufficient sulfur supply. Our team and our Supply Chain group has done a great job of maintaining relationships with suppliers. That isn't to say that they haven't sweated a little bit in the process, but that's okay. That's what they get paid to do.
Stephen Wilson: Sure. And Elaine, I'll be a little verbose here because this is part of the whole Terra acquisition story. In March of this year, when we stepped up to the plate with our increase in our offer price, it was based upon having done a lot of homework in terms of our financial profile and the amount of debt we'd be taking on. We did a base case analysis, and we did a stress test. And in the stress test, we looked out a prolonged downturn what that impact might be on our cash-generation ability, and so it backed into a capital expenditure number that we believed was appropriate, in light of the stress test case. So the $205 million or so that we have talked about was based upon the stress-test distress case. So now we're seven months into the combination, and there are two obvious factors that have changed the need for that kind of tight discipline. The first is that seven months of have passed, and we haven't been in the stress case. We have generated a lot of cash. And our outlook through the fourth quarter and into the spring is quite robust. And so, the need for that kind of very, very tight control over spending is not necessary. So what are we doing? Well, we're not opening the cash drawer and letting people come in and grab as much as they want at the plant level. We're going through the same disciplined analysis that we always do. So there's some projects that we suspended back in April that we felt was necessary to suspend in order to conserve capital, though some of those have been released for completion. And then some very good projects that we think will provide increased production and/or efficiency, and projects that support the DEF business it was going to be undertaking. So these aren't major projects but they are very attractive projects and very good for the business.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we have an IT initiative under way. It's in the early stages. We knew going in that we had two systems that were incompatible. And so, we're working to resolve that. It will take some time. Our focus in the first months of the combination has been on making sure that we can operate as a combined entity with the two legacy systems. And I think we're doing that pretty well. It's not a long-term solution, but it is one that's getting the job done today. If I look down the road on ways, when we have a comprehensive IT tool that's available across the company and having better data or timely data or consistent data and turning that into useful information, should, of course, turn into opportunities to optimize our system, in addition to what we've been able to accomplish so far and we envision accomplishing in the next six months or so.
Stephen Wilson: The spot prices that are being achieved today are not representative of the average that we will actually experience for the quarter. That's an indication of how far the market has moved since the end of last spring.
Stephen Wilson: Lindsay, I guess I would turn your comments around just a bit. It is something that we believe we'll be -- assuming that the weather cooperates and the soil conditions cooperate it, it's an opportunity to take advantage of current pricing.
Stephen Wilson: We manage our book of business on a dynamic basis, and there will be times when Industrial business is very attractive to us. There are times when it's not so attractive. Our objective with all of our products since we're talking about ammonia, particularly with ammonia, is we want to put it to the highest and best use. So we don't have an aversion to Industrial business. We're not totally wed to Ag business. We want the highest margin business that we can make on a sustained basis.
Stephen Wilson: In terms of the physical side, the pipeline outage affected us, but we worked around it in a way. So it really did an impact in the amount of product that we moved and who we moved it to. It was seamless to our customers. We had to do a little more work finding trucks and so forth and so on. With respect to the impact on pricing and so forth, I'll defer that to Bert.
Stephen Wilson: Obviously, ammonia is a product that's focused on a lot. It's focused on a lot in our own shop, because we think we have a great configuration to provide value to our stockholders by selling ammonia. Having the new configuration with end-market production, along with the Madden had [ph] and Donaldsonville production coming in from either outpost, if you will, in either end of the Corn Belt. It gives us a lot of leverage to pull in a lot of ways to supply terminals, in turn, a lot of points from which to serve customers. I think it's been well-received to date. And certainly, it has energized our own people in terms of looking for opportunities to increase our margins in ammonia.
Stephen Wilson: Well, first of all, I don't think we probably posted margin by product. So I'm not sure whether I would agree with your conclusion, although I suspect if you've done your math, it's probably correct. We have a substantial amount of nitrogen production. We can do 13 million tons, roughly annually. We have the ability to shift somewhat between urea and UAN. We actually did that in the quarter, when urea gives us the best margins. We'll do as much urea as we can, and we're certainly willing to shift. I would remind you that if you're looking on a product-ton basis, you may want to actually convert that to equivalent nitrogen-ton basis. Ammonia is 82% nitrogen, urea is 46%, and UAN is 28% to 32% nitrogen. So what we're trying to do is maximize the margin per unit of nitrogen produced. That's our goal, and we have models that look at that. And I think we're nimble enough to be able to shift between urea and UAN. And also, frankly, when ammonia in particular is very attractive, we have the ability to bring them in from offshore and inject it into our system and enhance our margin by doing that.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we're actually producing all the ammonia we can produce. The question is what do we do with that ammonia, and we would certainly only upgrade it, if we're going to get higher margins by doing that. And the math on upgrading in recent years has frankly been a no brainer. We get value on our upgrading, and we get to value from the free ammonia that we sell as direct applications.
Stephen Wilson: Charlie, we don't have an objective. It's a little bit like asking about the mix between domestic and export sales. All we want is the best long-term margin we can generate for the company. We don't care whether it's Ag or Industrial. We want is the highest and best value for our product. So as we go down the road of talking with Industrial customers and talking with Ag customers, we'll find a place that works for us and maximizes long-term margin for our production.
Stephen Wilson: That is certainly something that could happen and may have already happened and I guess I would add that, and I think we talked about this last quarter, but I don't mind reiterating it, that with the combination, there are now more options for product coming out of legacy Terra plants than there was before for ammonia. Terra did not have the extensive ammonia distribution system that legacy CF had and limited storage at the plant sites. And so now, we have the flexibility to move that ammonia in more directions and for a greater variety of uses.
Stephen Wilson: Well, I believe that our production capability, combined with our inventory, is going to absolutely allow us to meet our commitments to customers. We only make our commitments after having done the work necessary to ensure that we have the supply. I haven't done the analysis that you just went through in terms of our inventory position, but I feel quite confident that the work has been done among our production supply chain, and sales team is supportive of all of our customer needs through the fall and into spring, absent some kind of unforeseen event. We do have the ability to bring in product, in addition to that, but that's not part of our base plan.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we'll certainly looking at capital structure as the months evolve here. We're certainly pleased to be generating cash at the rate we are. We're looking to get our debt down to a level where the debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 1x to 1.5x. We just did our bond financing back in April. I think we did pretty well. If we were doing it today, will we do better? Yes, but I'm not sure if it would offset the expenses involved in doing it. Frankly, we have not looked at that when we have our next CFO in place. I'm sure that he'll spend a lot of time looking at our capital structure and, along with the rest of our Finance team, advise me and the Board on what we got to do.
Stephen Wilson: Well, Bert talks to the KEYTRADE people, at least, once a day, sometimes, seven days a week. So I'll let Bert handle that.
Bert Frost: The Industrial section or portion of our business is a critical part of how we differentiate and how we move our industrial or ammonia tons throughout the market. We have stationery business to power plants, and we have industrial customers that are chemical plants and such. And so it's a consistent business, it's ratable. We're able to maintain that flows, so it's a valuable part of our mix that we take to the market. We're working to improve that section, whether it's through pricing, the logistics to improve our returns, but we do need to utilize those customers for our system.
Bert Frost: I think that there's several components to this question, also. The $650 ammonia price that you stated was more folded into October. And so the third quarter numbers, as they were rising, we're reaching closer to $600 by the end of the quarter. The $394 that we reported, like we stated, includes a significant portion of the Industrial that's a contractual based on a Tampa or a gas calculation. So that brings down that average. I think you'll see in the fourth quarter, we don't talk too much about our book, but you'll see the agriculture percentage more weighted in the fourth quarter. And then we have the first quarter to report.
Bert Frost: Is differential between Midwest agricultural numbers and the Tampa plus calculation that, generally, the industrial businesses is calculated on. I don't have that specific number for you.
Bert Frost: I do. In regards to margin and margin management, that's what we're all about, always looking at the optionality that exists for our business. And that can be expressed in several different areas and in products from urea to a UAN production point, looking at export opportunities relative to domestic, reviewing our network, which we're doing through this acquisition, looking at how we can optimize our freight system and our terminal system. Then obviously, as already been mentioned, the agricultural ammonia as related to ag to industrial ammonia and for the spot sales. So each of those and other components will go into making or creating the options for a super margin on a margin uplift in a rising market.
Bert Frost: You have to understand that when you say the tick of the ammonia season, we're currently applying or moving product out of our terminals today at a very high rate. But those positions were put in place months ago. And so yes, we've been selling ammonia. That will be reflected as we go forward in today's activity. You have to put these products into place, July, August and September to be pooled in October and November. And so, your average price of $600 to $650, which is being realized in October and today will not be realized in the fourth quarter.
Bert Frost: With the long window, obviously, we have more opportunity, as Steve mentioned earlier. We are attempting to resupply our terminals to take advantage of that to move our product into position. So as our product is available, we will be selling at the spot prices.
Bert Frost: I think on that issue, you're going to fluctuate throughout various quarters, because there are times when it could be 90 days. It could be shorter and longer, so I would decline to answer specifically.
Bert Frost: Did it say? Well, Steve, the impact on the pipeline, specifically, we did take some precautionary measures and moved some product into position. And I think this is the benefit that we've been discussing as our agricultural distribution system and being able to place tonnage at the appropriate time and the appropriate place.
Bert Frost: In terms of the KEYTRADE relationship, a joint venture that's going very well, and we do rely on them for market intelligence and utilizing them to move our products into the market. They're inside of the markets and they do have a Beijing office. But I think I'd rather go back to the public statements and the industry publications. There's a lot of variations and what will and can happen in China, pulling it to January 12 to December 1 and as early as November 15. And some are expecting that announcement to come today or tomorrow. We're obviously following that, and we do follow that relative to our forward prices of urea, which will have a substantial impact in phosphates. And so, I do not want to speculate today on something that is pure speculation. So we'll say that we're watching that. And relative to the Madden [ph] project, again, there's been reports from other companies that reported their quarterly earnings, and we read the same publications also, they're projecting now that, that will be delayed into fourth quarter of 2011, possibly, even into early 2012. And that also we will watch very closely, as it relates to our phosphate exports.
