Stephen R. Wilson: I'll give you a bit of perspective on our process, and I'd like to put what we did in a bit of a longer-term context. First of all, we noted that we fixed about 2/3 of our gas for 2012. That means that we're roughly 1/3 exposed to the spot market at this point for 2012. And of course, we're fully exposed to future gas prices for 2013 and beyond. What we did in the late fourth quarter really shouldn't be a surprise to the people who've been conversing with us over the last couple of years. We indicated that we hadn't had an appetite to lock in fixed gas beyond our fertilizer sales commitments, but that we might become interested if strip got below say $4, that we -- that had a free handle on it. So when that happened in around mid-December, we convened our natural gas committee. They made a recommendation for a program, which we executed over a several week curve following that series of meetings. We're very comfortable with what we did. We're never going to be perfect here. I'd like to remind everybody that urea is a product that recently has sold in the range of $350 to $450 a ton and higher than that in the past, and to have an opportunity to fix our cost at below $150 a ton was a great opportunity. Part of our decision process, of course, is based upon our past experiences, bad things happen in this business. Out winters get cold and so we were protecting ourselves against the adverse weather events. From a much longer-term perspective, I'd like actually to remind you of how we manage our margin. We've talked a lot over the years about our Forward Pricing Program, how we make decisions about forward prices, how long our forward commitments are, and we've had lots of discussions about the fact that our focus isn't on the absolute price, it's on the margin. And we're looking to achieve the highest possible margin on a sustained bases. Turning the coin over and looking at that gas side, our view is exactly the same, and that is that our focus is on the margin by having our cost structure pretty well fixed. It gives us the opportunity to exploit what we hope and expect will be a firming of prices on the nitrogen side. So over the last period of time, I think we've demonstrated really good discipline in what we do. This is the kind of process that led us to post $3 billion of EBITDA in 2011 on $6 billion of sales. So I feel really good about what we did and where we stand going forward.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we looked at this in around midmonth, and we're looking at the strip at that point. And in terms of the spread throughout the year, there's not much variation throughout the year.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Dan, I really have no update. We have been sort of sitting on the sidelines waiting to see whether some roadblocks got broken. They haven't been broken thus far. That particular report was not factually correct. But the substance of my response is that we haven't made any progress there.
Stephen R. Wilson: Vincent, this is Steve. I'll just add a couple thoughts. One is that the basket that we have available now is bigger than what we would need to complete the program that's in place. And with respect to the last part of your question, which I believe related to does our large amount of fixed-price gas give us a greater ability to do share repurchases. My answer to that is that our gas hedging activity is really a tactical move designed to change our risk profile in managing our margins going forward. And it doesn't really impact our longer-term view on the cash generation capability of the company or what we might or might not do with that cash.
Stephen R. Wilson: The answer to your last question is we haven't had significant activity since the end of the year. With respect to what's going on in Ukraine, I guess my understanding is that there's no news out of the Ukraine since the rumors that came out a couple of months ago and caused a little bit of scare in the marketplace that there was a gas deal on the horizon that was going to be put in place. It hasn't been announced. And so as far as we know, those producers today are hanging there in the range of $7.50 MMBtu for the gas or higher -- and higher in some cases.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, for that portion of our business that is not already booked, we have the opportunity to capture prices at the spot level.
Stephen R. Wilson: A flippant answer would be if we do that, we leave ourselves susceptible to being questioned about why we're not in the spot market when it's $1.50. But that is just a flippant answer. We look at our gas positions on a regular basis. I'd never say never. But there's a lot of gas out there, and there aren't signs of a deep freeze coming before the winter is over. So perhaps, there is as much opportunity -- there's additional opportunity in front of us.
Stephen R. Wilson: Lindsay, let me -- I'm going to reiterate Dennis' earlier comment and then add to it. As we go forward, assuming that we continue to generate cash the way we have been generating cash and the way we expect to generate cash, we're going to be faced with this wonderful question again about what to do with the cash. And we'll go through the same kind of process that we went through before in terms of coming to conclusions about deployment of cash. And at those points, at that point or those points in time, when we want to take actions, we will do whatever's necessary in our own infrastructure to enable ourselves to do that.
W. Anthony Will: Elaine, by any measure, 2011 was a terrific year for us in the production side, as well as for the whole company. We had fewer turnarounds than in '11 and usual, and we also had less unscheduled downtime than a historically normalized year as well. And that resulted in production records across the company. So as we look forward into 2012, we have more turnaround scheduled than in '11 and an assumption that the unscheduled downtime will also return to something that may be more reflective of a normal pattern. And the result of that is that we're expecting for our production volume this year to be a bit lower than where we were in 2011.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Lindsay, on the production side, primarily at Donaldsonville we've got flexibility to move back and forth between more granulation of urea and cutting back on UAN. And that is an analysis that we look at in terms of margin per unit of nitrogen on an ongoing and continuous basis and can dial up and dial back on the fly as we go. And we've been running max urea granulation for quite a while now, and we'll continue to do so.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. You bet. Michael, so we looked at the current market conditions and our upcoming maintenance requirements. And based on where margins are currently versus expectations about what may develop in the future, we decided to move some of our turnaround activities into Q1 that were originally planned for later in the year. And so this has the effect basically of moving production out of Q1 that we'll realize then in the back half of the year. And the net result of that was that our reduction in Q1 production is roughly in line with what other North American producers have announced.
Bert A. Frost: I think how we would look at it is every year is different, every season is different. And our order book, as Steve mentioned, trended lower into the first quarter. So with 93 million acres or 94 million, whatever the estimate is, which would be a 2 million to 3 million-acre increase over what was planted in the spring of 2011, we're very positive what will take place and the need for farmers to purchase nitrogen. So while the book might have been a little bit lower than normal coming into the first quarter, we're anticipating robust activity from this point forward, and we've already seen some activity during the first 2 weeks of February.
Bert A. Frost: We're pleased with our position. The UAN market has been volatile. As you can see from our pricing coming off the fourth quarter at $3.54, we captured exceptional pricing. And you're correct. At the end of the fourth quarter, pricing did come off. A reflection of several issues, you see from the import statistics, a large volume on a 5-year average and even on a year-on-year average were much higher than anticipated. And I think some areas probably on the East Coast where the import tanks were full, that shifted some of the import material into other markets. That, coupled with delays in purchasing, whether that be prepaid that comes in, in December, generally or retailer, wholesaler delays in purchasing during that period, probably pushed a few producers to become more aggressive. But again, last year, when you look at what happened on ammonia and UAN and for the spring of 2011, we had an exceptional fall, an exceptional spring on ammonia and an exceptional summer or spring to summer application of UAN. We're anticipating similar movement this year, and that's the benefit of where we are at CF with our interior tanks in production and our logistical capabilities. We believe will be able to capture the market when it does come, and it has started to come. The urea price, as you know, have moved in NOLA recently and that should on end basis, push UAN to a similar level.
Bert A. Frost: I think the only thing to add is how -- what doesn't -- is not seen is our ability to transition between products in production, whether that be if ammonia is strong, we have the ability to go full ammonia, full UAN or in Donaldsonville, Courtright and Medicine Hat, we have the ability obviously to produce urea. And so those plants that are dual or triple capability were moving between products as the market demands.
Bert A. Frost: I don't want to make a call -- this Bert -- on where prices will be, but you have seen from the lows of December of $350 for urea, today we're at $430 for March and April and expect further strength. UAN will follow behind. Midwest ammonia has stayed strong, you can see that in Green Markets. And again, going back to demand and the need for nitrogen, especially on the corn on corn acres, we believe that the farmer's incentive to apply the maximum or the ideal amount of nitrogen fertilizers will be met, and we will have the inventory in place, and we do expect spot outages. As these delays have taken place on the purchasing side, that limits the logistical capabilities of the overall market, and that's where again, we believe our strengths lie because of our debt strength and assets in place.
Bert A. Frost: I think it goes back to your comment on KEYTRADE and the partnership that we have there that's very strong and the relationships that are in place around the world. We're on the phone or visiting the major markets on a regular basis, that being South America specifically, Brazil. We did move some tons into India, you saw that in the fourth quarter and then other opportunities as they come up whatever continent that -- where that may be. We do have, as mentioned earlier, the new product coming online in 2012, the sulfur MAP. We're excited about that and have a high level of demand or anticipation for that product when it is available.
Bert A. Frost: Well, it's interesting because the statistics are out and obviously we're watching India because it's such a big weight on the phosphate, the world phosphate market. And with the decrease -- they're projecting a 20% decrease in DAP, but you have a consummate corresponding increase in the N-P-K. So the nutrients, and I don't have that on the exact level, were pulled, but we are watching the subsidy level, and if that can have an impact on demand, but the need there is stark. The need for yields, and yields will only be achieved through N-P-K. And each of us in our respective areas -- obviously we're focused a little more on nitrogen but phosphate is important, and our colleagues that do phosphate and potash, we believe that, that -- that India will have to, whether it's through subsidies or market-based mechanisms, have an increasing demand and requirement for nutrients.
Bert A. Frost: So when you look at the world market on a capacity basis, strict capacity basis, UAN is adequately supplied. However, you do have to move that product on a timely basis at the moment of consumption. And UAN is consumed in a narrow book-ended 3-month range of time. And so it's not that those capacities nor those quantities are available at all periods. And so yes, there has been a higher level of imports. And yes, the market has traded at a discount. But at let's say 13 million, 14 million tons of demand for UAN over again, a 3- to 4-month period, we think we're in a very nice position to capture the demand, as well as the price appreciation and/or the price that's available in the market.
Bert A. Frost: I think we're in a -- this is Bert. We're in an interesting time. Normally, the November to January period is slow. And for Tony's point, we anticipated that in the reflection of the market, did what we did. But we see a positive market going forward. Some of the other destination markets in the international side were long or have been longer with inventories, that being Brazil and then the India discussion that when they go to negotiation with the major suppliers, we'll be watching that. But the U.S. had a good fall application window. And I think there is adequate supply in the United States. But we're also seeing -- consummate with the other products, we're seeing a positive market for phosphates going forward and anticipate a rebound in the international activity, probably later in the first but into the second quarter.
Bert A. Frost: I would say the same. I think the 4-month window and the tax structure that's in place is that the obviously, an evolving and changing dynamic to the market, but it's been very positive to the North American phosphate producers who participate in the international markets.
Bert A. Frost: You have to define what we're putting down. The spring season for wheat normally takes place in late January and into February. And so that might have been pulled forward a couple weeks, but that's normal activity in Oklahoma and let's say Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas region. What we mentioned earlier regarding ammonia and to the upper Midwest was abnormal in January. But when you consider that there are 4.6 million to 5 million tons of direct application of ammonia applied per year and a narrow window of January, how much went down in those markets? More than normal, but still, we need a lot of nitrogen for the corn and other products. And I think as a person focused on agriculture, we're pleased with that because that allows producer farmers to anticipate and time their planting, which as you know in the last couple years, has been extended due to weather delays. So this is probably ideal for the United States.
Bert A. Frost: 3 million more acres conservatively, and you're adding acres in, I would consider, marginal areas that are going to need nitrogen. And so you have to add in the caveats and the additional points that still, a lot of product needs to go down. So I'm not -- I don't have an exact number for you. And when we report our Q1, you'll see the ammonia movement. But it's still very positive.
