Stephen R. Wilson: Thanks, Dennis. With a team of employees who have exceptional focus on operational excellence, we're confident that we will be able to capitalize on the opportunity that this very attractive, albeit late starting, plant nutrient application season presents. The late season will require utilization of the strengths of our business: Production mix flexibility, transportation and logistic infrastructure, extensive end market storage assets, and global presence with export options. Our product mix flexibility is a key capability in dealing with the varied markets such as last year, when urea come in at a price premium due to the tightness of its market and this year when attractive prices have made increasing UAN production a valuable option. Incidentally, our flexibility to shift between urea and UAN will increase substantially when our Donaldsonville expansion is complete. While farmers will make every effort to use ammonia prior to planting this spring, we expect they will reach a point where they will forgo preplant application, plant their crop, and come back later with ammonia and/or UAN. We have been producing UAN at high rates in order to meet the demand and to realize the very attractive margins that come along with those sales. While urea prices have been under pressure due to the late-season start and the volume of imports, our transportation and logistics system has allowed us to move our urea into the Corn Belt, where we believe we will realize the best net pricing. And having significant end-market storage, in particular for ammonia, is of critical importance as is being demonstrated this spring. With a compressed time period available to farmers for applying ammonia, having in-market availability of product and the ability to load customer trucks quickly is vitally important. The vast volume of spring ammonia application often occurs in a period as short as 10 days. We have organizational insight to global trends and the ability to market our products to export destinations when price opportunities are attractive. This enables us to identify and take advantage of sales opportunities around the world for all of the products in our production mix. We anticipate these opportunities will include selling significant volumes of phosphate into South America and India this year, as those markets are expected to have robust phosphate demand. Our share repurchases to-date in 2013 bring the total cash we have used to purchase shares since 2011 to $2.25 billion for 17% of our outstanding shares at an average price of $168 per share. And we have authorization in place to purchase another $2.25 billion worth of our shares. During that same period, we have paid $182 million in dividends and spent nearly $800 million on capital expenditures. And last week, we completed our Medicine Hat interest acquisition for about $900 million. In total, we have deployed approximately $4.1 billion of capital since mid-2011 to sustain the business, invest in future growth and return cash to shareholders. This has all taken place since our $4.6 billion acquisition of Terra in 2010, which was clearly a timely value creator for our shareholders. We are committed to continuing this record of disciplined cash deployment as illustrated by our capacity expansions and by our remaining share purchase authorization. So in conclusion, I'm extremely pleased with where CF Industries is today, continuing to post very strong operating results and doing what we said we would do in executing strategic initiatives that we believe will create even more value for our shareholders. With that, let's open the call to your questions. Rachel, please explain the Q&A procedure.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, in terms of the -- I mean, the quarterly cadence of our earnings is frankly not something that we spend a lot of time worrying about. We look at our season from early spring through the beginning of summer, and we move as much product as we can into the marketplace when it's demanded. And the split between Q1 and Q2 ends up being whatever it is. But having said that, we have a very good order book. We're very optimistic about the amount of product we're going to move in -- into the market and the economics associated with that. And Bert, I'll ask you to handle the second one.
Stephen R. Wilson: Kevin, there's actually no deferral involved in this. When we put our estimates together early on in terms of these projects, we tend to err on the conservative side in terms of the timing, so that we're prepared to handle liquidity needs that could come up as we move forward in the projects and we begin to negotiate for individual pieces of equipment and individual pieces of work. We're going through contract negotiations with suppliers, and the resulting terms of those contracts then determine the cash outflow pattern. So what we have is much more visibility into the actual outflows that will occur. So it is simply a refinement in our estimate and it is -- and obviously, it's good working capital management if we can manage it in this fashion.
Stephen R. Wilson: It is not. We're comfortable with our estimate, and things are going along in a way that has, at least, worked in the direction of increasing our confidence level.
Stephen R. Wilson: We've announced that we're -- we have in place call options that cap our cost of natural gas for 90% of our expected usage between now and the end of July. And we visit this opportunity on a regular basis. Should we find the right opportunity to do more of it, we certainly will, but we've made no decisions at this point.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, the early signals are that we might experience urea import levels similar to those that we experienced last year. We don't really know until the window opens up, but we -- in terms of our own planning, we're assuming another strong year of Chinese urea exports.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, first of all, Vince, and I think it's extremely unlikely that the U.S. will be in a net export position by 2016 or '17. I would be quite surprised if that were to happen. But I will just go on to say that one of the principal reasons we're investing $2.1 billion at our Donaldsonville location is that it's on deep water. And so we will be in a position to take advantage of the best available economics, whether the economics are offshore or onshore. And I think we're frankly in a unique position with that big footprint that we have in Louisiana. We have lots of flexibility domestically in terms of the way we move the product, and then we have the ability to load oceangoing ships and move it to the -- whatever region of the world can give us the best net-back. So I think we're ideally suited for handling whatever circumstance evolves.
Stephen R. Wilson: I mean, Joel, I will say I have an idea that it will be a very good quarter. Whether it will be a record quarter for UAN, it's way too early to project that.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Joe, I don't think they're all that different. Certainly, our recent experience over the last couple of years has been that when prices get down into this range that the capacity -- the production that reacts is the production in Eastern Europe, and we'll see what unfolds.
Stephen R. Wilson: Jeff, our philosophy on share repurchases has not changed. We buy our shares back when we believe they represent good value. I think I made that comment earlier that we believe the shares we have repurchased represent good value for our shareholders. And the average price at which we bought -- have bought shares back recently, the $750 million was at $168 on average, and we noted an average of $197 roughly for the -- for what we did in Q1.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, my general comment on that, Mark, is that every year really has the same objective. There never seems to be such a thing as a normal or average season. Some products are in higher demand than others. And at the end of the year, we inherit whatever is there. We're seeing very strong UAN movement. Bert talked about an ammonia season going into July. A lot of nitrogen is going to end up going to the ground. And so we're -- should we move as much as we think we'll move, I think our overall inventory position will be just fine. We may have a little more of one product than another, but that's really the case every year.
Stephen R. Wilson: Sure, P.J. I think we've been very consistent in our comments about capital deployment. All of our initiatives are important to us. We are committed to doing all of them, and we will execute them month by month, quarter-by-quarter as it seems appropriate. Nothing has changed in our attitude towards either the CapEx or the share repurchases.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Mike, we -- we obviously -- I certainly echo the comments that Tony made about this event. And our industry is very, very highly regulated today, particularly our end of the industry. We work closely with DHS, OSHA, the EPA, local and state authorities. We certainly will wait for the full report coming back about what happened. There are initiatives, frankly, that have been underway for quite a while related to safe storage and handling of ammonium nitrate. And in our observation, safety is #1 every place, every day. And I think we do safety well, but every -- any part of our business can be improved, even that part of our business. I can't predict what's going to happen among regulators in Washington. We have constructive relationships with those entities, both as a company and as an industry through the Fertilizer Institute and we'll be absolutely cooperative and helpful in any way we can in making sure that everybody in the chain of making, distributing and using all of our products is following the best safety practices available.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Mike, I think the best way to think about this acquisition of the 1/3 remaining capacity at Medicine Hat is to think about how we did Terra. We put all of the production coming from all of the entities into our portfolio. And we go through a process of rationally selling all of it into the marketplace in an attempt to maximize our overall margin. This -- it's important to remember, of course, that this piece of production is already in the marketplace. It's already been going someplace, so it's not being added -- not being added to the market. We will add it to what our offering is and we'll -- Bert and his team will go out every day and market that in the same effective way that he markets everything else. Mike, I guess, I'll just add one thing to that comment, and that is, certainly, one of the things that will happen in a quarter or 2 is that there'll be much better visibility into what our actual pricing is because we will be past the point of having to go through this adjustment process. And so while the main driver of this transaction, of course, was having the economics associated with this production, simplifying the accounting reporting of it will be a benefit to management and a benefit to investors and analysts.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, I think there's a lot of talk about how the supply should become more reliable. I'm not sure we've seen it yet, although the impact on us has not been all that significant. Over the last couple of years, it's been an aggravation, but I don't think it's been much of an economic penalty to us.
Bert A. Frost: Regarding ammonia application and how late or how long that will go, we're seeing good movement throughout our system today and we have throughout the last week, and that's distributed around where we have our terminals on the pipelines and on the river, and we anticipate that to continue. The areas that were most affected by not applying ammonia last year were in the north, North Dakota, Minnesota and Canada, and that's the area where we believe significant ammonia needs to go down, and that area also has a little bit more of a window to put that product down. And so we anticipate that area to start this week. And if you look at North Dakota on the weather MAP, which we seem to follow every day, they've got an open window probably for the next week, with appropriate temperatures and lack of moisture. On ammonia, you can apply ammonia for preplant and have it cure as short as 3 days, as long as 7 days, and so let's take an average of 5. And so you need a window to apply and then wait for the product to cure and then plant the seed. But don't forget that the side-dress season could continue until the plant is up to 3-foot tall, let's take an average of 3 feet tall. And so I would expect that side-dress due to the late planting will continue into July. So we will see positive movement of ammonia, even though we recognize that some ammonia areas may move to UAN, ammonia will still be going through 'til early July.
Bert A. Frost: Regarding UAN, we identified early in Q1 some trends that we thought were positive for market for UAN. And we executed several decisions regarding sales, sales prices, production increases in UAN -- that actually took place late in -- probably Q4 2012. And so we believe that we identified correctly where the market would be and executed that and then worked with our customers to take sales into Q2, and we're now executing against that.
Bert A. Frost: It's interesting. We talk about these issues. It seems every year, this comes up on what product customers or farmers will switch to, and do they switch and will they switch. And last year, even at urea at $700, those who use urea -- traditionally use urea -- stayed with urea, even though UAN was trading probably close to $320. And this year, we're seeing UAN priced, as you've mentioned at probably a 30% premium and we're experiencing I would say robust demand for UAN, but we also expect urea to pick up as customers look to maximize their N applications as they progress in their planting.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, regarding demand destruction, what we are seeing, and this is anecdotally, that farmers are eager to get in the fields and may forgo a P&K application in certain areas, thinking they can probably pick that up in the fall. How big that is or how small that is, we'll have to wait and see. Regarding summer fill, we have an interesting scenario taking place in the world of phosphates with India delaying their purchasing, and we expect that they have 3 million to 4 million tons to purchase, but having a phosphoric acid negotiation and a rate that's closed, that puts a higher floor on phosphate DAP imports into India. And so you could see an increase in phosphate demand in India for DAP, as well as the South Americans delaying their purchases of -- right now it looks like all their products and at the same time that will come into the market as our summer fill. So you could paint a scenario that the markets will improve over the next several months as all of these demand points come at the same time.
Bert A. Frost: Okay. Well, when you figure out China, let me know. We did not expect the volume of exports to come out of China last year, and it ended up being substantial. And in Q1, they continued that trend, and we expect that for the full year 2013 that they will mirror last year, more or less. Again, we don't have a plus or minus factor there. We know that there are substantial quantities already positioned in the ports for the July 1 export date, and that's kind of hanging over the market. That and the combination of Iranian exports to India, that seemed to take or dominate those tenders, that then has pushed the Arab Gulf tons and other maybe Egyptian tons to the United States and to other markets, in excess. And so we have this 2 million-ton hangover, overhanging over the market right now for this current period, and some of that will bleed into the third and fourth quarter. And so what we're seeing is what's being played out -- an irrational market of urea being priced down to where the Chinese may not be encouraged to export. So the impact on UAN, we've seen a divergence. UAN has been demanded and has been priced, we think, appropriately. We've captured that. The market is eager to utilize the UAN and as well as ammonia is at probably a higher rate. Going into the third and fourth quarter, we will have a natural. And just like historically, we have had the reset we call the fill period in the United States. And those prices for UAN and ammonia will moderate to a level where farmers are encouraged to contract with their retailers and we will then sell to the retailer. And so I don't think we're going to have a substantial drop outside of a historical norm for that period, and then we should trend well into the third and fourth quarter.
Bert A. Frost: Well, predictable or unpredictable, what has happened this year is some traders and producers were long. The U.S. is a liquid market, NOLA specifically, and we saw product from Oman and other places that may not normally come on a ratable basis, begin coming on that -- on a monthly level, as well as some other locations like Indonesia. And so we became the fallback position or the backstop at some points for the market, the world market. Will that continue? I think that nobody likes to lose money. And so if you're a trader or a producer, like this floating China vessel that's stopped in Panama for a couple of months' vacation and then came to NOLA to discharge, those people lost a lot of money, and that's what people in those positions need to decide what they want to do and how they want to market their products on a consistent basis. We will have a demand for urea over the long term. We'll bring it in from Canada, as well as from other producing locations. But at some point, it will get to a competitive market where we in the U.S. will have a substantial increase in production and we will compete with those producers at the various distribution points. And I think that will moderate itself -- the market will moderate itself.
Bert A. Frost: Regarding leaching and the movement of nitrogen during the period of -- from the period of fall application to spring planting, that has also more anecdotal than factual and we're not exactly sure, and I can't give you a percentage. What we will see is what we believe is a maximization of nitrogen as they plant the corn and as they look to have the yield uplift and the right feeding of the crop, you will see various applications. If a spring preplant of ammonia was not able to be put on, you'll probably see 2 to 3 applications of UAN, especially the irrigated areas and possibly a top-dress of urea in more of the northern areas. And so on total end demand, we're very positive that this year will be similar to others and maybe a slight increase to achieve a maximum yield with a shorter growing cycle.
Bert A. Frost: Summer fill is driven by a number of factors, 1 of those would be inventory, 2 would be timing. And generally, the retailers and the farmers want to work through their current purchases and then if the crop is at a state where they -- where it's really left to rain and sunshine, then focus on the next period. And so with the late planting, we would expect that fall fill will also be delayed for ammonia and UAN until those applications are over. And so inventory levels, again, this goes back to the -- you can't -- I don't want to comment too much on the industry, those numbers will come out. But CF, we think, will be appropriately positioned to begin the fill period and -- but that's the benefit of our system with the distribution assets we have in place, with the capability that we have to export products -- when we choose to participate in those markets, we will position ourselves to supply our customers in an appropriate level, at an appropriate price, when the time comes.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, Vince, and I'll just go back to strategy real quickly. We've announced $3.8 billion capacity expansion projects. We just completed Medicine Hat. And we've got a $3 billion share repurchase program, of which we've already done $750 million. So we're very committed to making sure that all of those things happen, as Steve said in his speech, before the end of 2016. You will have seen also we've filed a shelf registration statement. We increased the size of our revolver. So obviously, it wouldn't be surprising, given where rates are today, that we would go out into the market looking for debt at some point. When we have something to report on that that's definitive, we'll let you know. But I think we've got, as I look at our strategic plans, I think we've got a very capital efficient financing plan to deliver on those things over the next 3 years.
Dennis P. Kelleher: Yes, the $54 million nonoperating expense -- if you go back to the discussion in the press release and also in our script, we had a settlement with the IRS with respect to net operating loss carryforwards that were generated during the time when the company was a cooperative before our IPO. That allowed us to reduce our income tax provision in the quarter by $75.8 million to $107 million as you see there, which -- what it is on the income statement. In addition to that, we had an agreement with the pre-IPO owners, that is other cooperatives and the pre-IPO owners of the company, that we would share the benefit of that with them, and the sharing of that benefit amounted to $55.2 million. That $55.2 million is the major component of that other operating expense net.
Dennis P. Kelleher: No, this is a one-time thing. If you go -- if you were to subtract out, okay, the effects of both the agreement with the owners and also the settlement with the IRS, the tax rate wouldn't be 20% as you see here, it would be 31%, okay? And so we still see our tax -- our effective tax rate going forward more or less in the range that we've seen it in the past.
W. Anthony Will: It's a combination of -- for this year for $600 million to $800 million is combination of equipment prepayment, there's engineering and procurement services costs in there, and then our expectation is that we're going to begin civil work and construction in -- sometime in the summer. So there's earthmoving and construction activity in there as well.
W. Anthony Will: P.J., obviously, our thoughts are with the -- those affected in West Texas, and it was a horrible tragedy. The hallmark, I think, of CF Industries and the rest of the producers in the industry is a focus on safety and working with the communities to put in place appropriate first responder, response plans and to run drills and exercises and to make sure that all parties know how to respond. But our first and primary focus is on maintenance and safety and ensuring that we don't have issues in the first place. And I think the communities in which we operate appreciate the -- what we bring to those communities and respect our operating practices and culture in that regard. And so while clearly this is a topic that is getting a lot of media attention, rightfully so, we believe the way in which we conduct ourselves and operate our facilities is appropriate. So at this time, we don't see a significant impact in terms of our ability to move forward on these projects.
W. Anthony Will: Well, Tim -- Adam, sorry, the biggest issue affecting our production cost was really the price of ammonia into DAP and MAP. Tampa ammonia was up significantly year-on-year and that drove the majority of the price increase, the cost increase.
