W. Anthony Will: Thanks, Dennis. As we've tried to lay out in our slides on pages 22 through 26, we believe that CF is exceptionally well-positioned to benefit from recovery in the nitrogen sector. Although there is currently oversupply in the industry, global nitrogen demand is expected to continue to grow at roughly 2% per year. There is a lack of new plants scheduled to come online post-2017. And as a result, the global supply-demand balance should tighten leading to an increase in product prices. As this price recovery begins in 2018 and continues thereafter, CF should benefit disproportionately. As page 26 indicates a $25 per ton urea equivalent increase translates roughly to $350 million of additional EBITDA on an annual basis. Bert indicated that average published Q3 urea prices at NOLA was $180 per ton. However, prices are already $30 to $40 higher than that today. With our new plant starting up and improving market conditions, we are very excited about the future. With that, operator, we'll open the call to questions.
W. Anthony Will: Good morning, Vincent. Yeah. So, as I said earlier, in September, we tested the granulation part of the urea plant. We have been stockpiling ammonia into the tanks and anyone who is in the Port Neal area has seen the flare stack lit up, so we've got gas and steam going into the reformer front-end. As we work kind of from the reformer through the CO2 removal system, we're going to start sending CO2 over to the urea plant and then be able to pull ammonia out of the tanks. And so, that's what we're planning in terms of the parallel commissioning. So, it's very likely that urea will actually be online before the ammonia plant is fully up. It's a simpler plant to commission and granulation is already operational. But our expectation is it's a matter of a couple of weeks, maybe three weeks or four weeks, depends upon the number of little issues that you find as go through it. But that was fairly consistent with our experience at Donaldsonville. And hopefully we'll be able to improve on that because of the great team we've got from D-ville that's up helping the Port Neal guys. So, I would say our expectation is urea, hopefully here by the end of this month and ammonia, plus or minus a week after.
W. Anthony Will: Steve, the other thing to kind of remember is, as we indicated, I think in some of our materials, the nitric acid and UAN plant at Donaldsonville is kind of the largest single train that's out there at 4,500 metric ton a day, which is about, at nameplate, about 5,000 short tons a day. And that plant is running over 20% above nameplate. We've done several days here just even this week at over 6,000 tons a day. So, Bert has got a big job in terms of finding a home for all of that product given how well those plants are running. And as he pointed out, what we're trying to do is just try to get the best aggregate netback across the entire system.
W. Anthony Will: That's going to really vary based on market conditions, and the trade patterns are evolving and starting to adjust for where the new capacity comes out. We certainly have an ability to export as much as 3 million tons, 4 million tons a year but that wouldn't probably be our first choice, all other things considered. The point though that I would like to highlight just to remind everybody of and we've got a slide to this effect in the appendix, that even after all of the new capacity that's in flight in North America comes online, North America is still going to be a very import-dependent region where there's about 30% of our total nitrogen demand has got to be met by imports. So, when we're exporting here and there, it really is just around the edges and, primarily, during periods of time when there isn't a lot going to ground in North America and there's demand in other regions. So, it's a way to maximize overall system netbacks, not a have-to-do kind of thing.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah, Joel, we have been in, as you would imagine, very close communication with the guys at Mosaic. So, they have been keeping us abreast of what's going on from a delivery schedule perspective on the vessel. And Bert and his counterpart have been working well at coming up with different ways to manage that situation, whether it's giving them ammonia via the pipe or send some stuff up through their terminals, doing some timed product swaps and other things like that. So, we're on top of it and kind of managing it jointly with the Mosaic guys and don't foresee that is as any kind of real issue.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. Good morning, Adam. The plant has got to be basically put in service and operational in order for us to be able to depreciate it. So, we need the plant to be running. Now, that said, as I have talked about, it's not an all-or-nothing kind of thing. We've already tested the granulation plant at urea. We are ready to put CO2 into the urea melt plant, the synthesis plant, and kind of get that up and running. The offsite have all been sort of tested and are operational. And once we've got CO2 going over to the urea plant, then the front-end of the ammonia plant is operational. So, again, this isn't an all-or-nothing kind of thing. We're putting sections of the plant in operation as we go. But again, our expectation here is, based on our experience at Donaldsonville, the urea plants are sister plants from one another and the one at D-ville started up within a week. So, we think we have plenty of time to get it up and operational. The Port Neal ammonia plant is a lot less complex than the Port Neal is – or Port Neal is less complex than D-ville because Port Neal is a 2,200-ton a day plant where D-ville is a 3,300-ton a day plant and configuration of the Syn-Loop in Donaldsonville is much more complex. There's a whole 'nother section to it. So, as we look at this, we feel very comfortable in terms of being able to get the plant online here by the end of the year and that's why we continue to say, it's $800 million in terms of the tax refund next year because we expect to get everything online.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. I mean, as you point out, this is based on kind of a pro forma simulation of the various spreads that existed for our last full year, which was 2015 and if there are differences going forward, that's going to change. The vertical axis is our realized price, but I think in the third quarter, the published average NOLA price was $180 and our realized price was a little over $200. And so, we would expect that spread to go up once Port Neal comes online because we are adding about 1.4 million tons in market that's going to have a $30 a ton, $40 a ton premium associated with it because of transportation cost from the Gulf. And so, that kind of gives you a general sense of kind of the premium to the Gulf that we would expect. In addition, although ammonia is a little bit different animal because of the volume that's available out there in the deepwater market, we would expect UAN premium to come back in line with urea. And we can switch back and forth between granulating more or producing more solution, depending upon where that premium sits. And to the extent that you don't get the corresponding bumps that you would expect in UAN, we'll just shift the product mix. So, I think over the medium-term to long-term, those things have to come back into rough equilibrium. Otherwise the producers are going to shift the mix and the end values have to trade at a minimum on parity with very likely UAN continuing to command a premium the way it has.
W. Anthony Will: Yes. So, when we mentioned the weakness, it's more the weakness in the ammonia price structure and why that was driven more in relation to the contractual structure of our industrial book of business, which is gas-based as well as Tampa-based and Tampa is very low. Demand has been a little bit lower in the industrial segment due to some of the issues around caprolactam and phosphate. I think it's just with more of additional phosphate exports out of China has put a little more pressure on some of the other phosphate producers in terms of overall volumes and possible changes in mix as moving some to micro nutrients, as Mosaic has mentioned, away from possibly that. So, weakness – I don't think it's anything we're concerned about. Our volumes are, we think, going to hold steady. Regarding DEF, we're very – we're positive what's going on in the DEF market, continued demand. We're going to have a record year on DEF volume. Pricing is holding up. We're continuing to see the growth of 30% to 40% that we have seen year-on-year. I do think just due to this slight slowdown in shipments, you have probably seen the Class 8 truck volume – the new truck volume slowing down a little bit on that end, but you do have additional demand coming from off-road as well as different segments. So, we're positive on the DEF front and continue to invest and grow and build the team and participate in that business.
W. Anthony Will: There's something important to remember here, which is the ammonia price, when it's weak, it primarily affects the industrial demand that Bert was talking about. In order to be able to get ammonia into the farmer's fields, you have to have a place to move it to. And it's not like urea where you can just leave it on a railcar, put it in a shed kind of thing. And UAN, there's a lot of availability of tank space. With ammonia, you have to have big cryogenic storage tanks. There's principally only three companies and they are the producers that own those. CF has got the largest network of the ammonia tank terminal system. Koch has got some and Agrium has got some and then there's kind of onesie-twosie tanks here and there that are owned by other people like Trammo and so forth. But if you don't have the storage terminals, then you can't take Gulf ammonia up into the marketplace and get it in the hands of the farmers because you've got no place to move it through. And so, even though there is some impact in terms of agricultural demand or agricultural prices for ammonia, it's not directly tied to Tampa ammonia the way urea price in the Midwest is tied to NOLA urea price. So, that's one of the reasons why the distribution terminal system that we've got in ammonia is so valuable because it allows us to capture a pretty sizable spread between the value of agricultural ammonia versus cheap or relatively cheap deepwater ammonia.
W. Anthony Will: Yeah. So, John, on the dividend, if you look at our balance sheet, we have almost $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet. We've got an undrawn revolver. We've got $800 million of cash coming to us next year in the form of a tax refund. And so, that's before dollar one of operating profit. And so, the problem is not from an investment grade standpoint, the dividend or our liquidity situation – we have plenty of cash. The issue is all around in the near-term, the pricing environment and the EBITDA generation relative to the aggregate amount of debt that we've got outstanding on the business. And so, change the dividend, don't change the dividends, it doesn't have a meaningful impact in terms of that particular metric and that's why we worked really hard on the secured credit facility to make sure that we've got the flexibility that allows us to continue paying the dividend going forward because that's an important element for the equity holders. So, our focus is to get back to investment grade and we are planning, as Dennis articulated earlier, to retire the debt that comes due in 2018, that's $800 million. And so, we'll be de-levering at that point, that will certainly help. And then, as we move into price recovery in the sector about that time, we expect that will help as well. So, we're going through a short duration situation here but it's not really dividend-dependent. Dennis, do you have other...
W. Anthony Will: I mean, I think consolidation, generally speaking, is a constructive force. It allows for kind of rational behavior and, in general, there's synergies to be had. So, I think it's the kind of natural consequence of things when you go through these cyclical troughs, periods like we're going right now. Sorry, let me go back to one question, the second half of the question you asked earlier which is, is our preference dividend or share repurchase. As a general theme, we like to maintain the dividend. We don't want to be in a situation where we're reducing that. But I think on a day-in, day-out basis for consistent and timely return of capital back to the shareholders, our biases towards share repurchase, we think that tends to be a more efficient vehicle to do that with.
Bert A. Frost: So, we are seeing – good morning, Chris. This is Bert. We are seeing UAN prices already move. Egypt just closed a tender this week and that was closed at $140 per metric ton, and that's up from the $125 level from the previous tender. We're seeing that prices increase in Europe, in France, as well as other locations, and in the United States. So, we're seeing activity step up in North America over the last several weeks and pricing, correspondingly, is increasing. Ammonia, we have not seen the big move yet for fall applications in North America, but we have pretty positive weather pattern in front of us, and we expect that to go fairly soon. Around the world, I think, with – around ammonia specifically, with the additions in Asia, the SABIC plant and some of the new capacity that has come online, that did pressure pricing in Q3. But we expect moderating prices on the upside as we roll into 2017.
Bert A. Frost: Well, I think the ammonia situation for us – it is just a lower quarter on demand. You really don't have ag demand during Q3, so it's an industrial-focused quarter. And with Tampa pricing at a low level with contracts either based on Tampa or on gas that drives the lower price for the product. And so, for our specific price realization and demand we do expect that, obviously, we're going to see an improvement in Q4 with ag and then, rolling into next year. Over the next year or two, you're right, there is additional capacity coming online. We expect most of that North American capacity to be converted into upgraded products and we have a two new plants coming online that are probably net losses for ammonia. And the current capacities coming on in the Gulf outside of CF is pretty much committed to Dyno and Cornerstone and some other movers. So, we feel fairly good about the ammonia market as well as our ability to move and continue to participate through our terminal and distribution system in the ag as well as industrial market.
Bert A. Frost: So, we're constantly looking at all of our costs, as Tony has mentioned, whether that be SG&A, production, CapEx. I think that in this type of an environment, we're driven to do that and, obviously, logistics is one of those areas. And our logistics team has done a great job in terms of leveraging the various platforms that we have. And what we have done – I'll tell you – the rail rates have gone up and it has been an impact on UAN. And we have met with the railroads and we continue to do, whether it's spot situations or looking at the complex as a whole. One of the things we did last year was we opened up Stolthaven, which allowed us to get on the NS and bypass some of the blocked activity we believe we're experiencing in Donaldsonville. We've also leveraged and moved up our barge participation on UAN, increasing the level and then, like I mentioned earlier, the exports. And so, we're able to achieve a fairly attractive netback moving our product to all over the globe, but principally to Argentina, Uruguay, Europe and some new markets we're developing. And we've moved to France for less than $15 a ton, $14 a ton. We can't move to St. Louis for that on UAN. And so, as you see us develop and grow and mature, we're going to continue to leverage those options to benefit us. Other opportunities for what we're doing – we've met with the railroads on shipping out of Port Neal. We have UP and BN servicing that plant and we've built that facility to fully load that product out by truck. And so, you have to take defensive measures during these times to be able to position yourselves to pull in the attractive pricing for rail and other logistical options and that's what we're doing.
Bert A. Frost: Well, it depends on where you go. I mean, obviously, D-ville is going to be a – it's a huge plant and we have a lot of urea coming out of there but most of it moves by barge and now we have the ability to move that up by vessel. Some of it will move by rail, but the product that we have been moving by rail into Iowa, Nebraska, the Dakotas, all of that will come out of Port Neal and that will all be very competitively positioned. And we can load the trucks with a pup so you can average more tons and lower your freight cost and we think that will reach 500 miles to 700 miles by truck outside of the plant. And so then it's going to have to be: do the railroads want to compete with that, and we've already worked with our customers to be able to receive this product. So, we believe that we have linked the system together to effectively serve and move our product at all times at the lowest cost possible.
Bert A. Frost: Yes. So, when you look at our system, as I mentioned, we do have the flexibility first on production. So, we can produce ammonia, urea, UAN and some of the other products. We will continue to do that and leverage those options up and down as the market necessitates. Then, you go into loading options where you have pipe, barge, truck, rail, vessel. Then, you go next to terminal opportunities and where those terminals are. We have taken on some additional terminalling space, which we believe is in our long-term interest in markets that we have not necessarily participated as much in the past and we can effectively serve now with our logistical options. But you're right, exports are a great opportunity because you can immediately put 40,000 tons out and load it in a day. And so, that's a great leverage point when you're looking at inventory at the plant and how you're moving it out incrementally into the interior. Buying patterns have changed and we anticipate that they'll probably be this way for another year or so. But at the end of the day, you do have to have your product in place to serve the farmer customer. You can only move so many railcars per day and railcars can only make so many trips and they have to return empty and load out and get in line. And so, we believe as that window closes and every day is another lost shipment day, that that will challenge the delivery system. And this is more of a UAN story than it is for urea because I think you can move that up by barging up through the various terminals. So, we're fairly positive looking forward into 2017. If you really look at it – if our Texas and Oklahoma, that will start applications in February; Midwest, March and then April, so you're not much more than four, five months away from application. We're just starting winter and we're already looking to spring. So, we think it's going to turn out pretty well for us.
Bert A. Frost: Yeah. I wouldn't infer too much into that because what we're doing is just creating optionality for the company. And I would rather have 10 options to take 1 ton than have one option to take 10 tons. And so, we would rather create these options whether they be exports or the Coast. And we have looked at the Coast throughout the years and participated in various manners. But today, when you look at the East Coast, that's a million-ton market that we probably had 50,000 to 100,000 tons five or six years ago and I think that presents a tremendous opportunity for us. That's why we're getting on the NS, looking to get on the CSX, utilizing Courtright on the CN. The West Coast, we've got some good agreements and partnerships out there with some of the distributors. We're able to rail directly from Woodward on the BN from Donaldsonville and Port Neal on the UP, and we've been moving product by vessel through the Panama Canal to the West Coast, and that's an attractive opportunity for us. But I wouldn't – yes, new products and new production is coming online in various parts of the country and we're going to continue to participate in those areas. We ourselves are adding capacity right in the heart of the Corn Belt and we're just preparing.
Bert A. Frost: Relative to your question on demand and changes in demand patterns, we've experienced two falls, 2014 and 2015, that were below expectations and below normal but that was weather-driven. And then, we experienced two record springs in 2015 and 2016. And so, as I mentioned earlier, when you look out on a10-day to 30-day forecast, we see some positive developments in all of our terminal region even up in Canada, which receives snow in October. In limited applications, we see that drying out and temperatures staying in the 50s in the afternoon, allowing probably the applications to accelerate. And when you look at, as a farmer, for corn, you have a number of options for and applications thereof. For ammonia, traditionally, in the past, it was 180 pounds per acre, you put it on the fall and you plant it in the spring and off you go. That has changed with a different agronomic prescription. And so, we have seen a little bit less applied in the fall and then pick-up an additional applications in the spring two, three and four stage applications, a combination of ammonia maybe side dress ammonia or UAN top dress or even flying over with urea. Each of those are positive for us. And so, we do see ammonia in the fall as a component to good agronomic corn practices and we see that continuing.
