Stephen R. Wilson: Thanks, Dennis. Nitrogen market conditions are exceptional as we approach the midpoint of the second quarter. Near-term demand for all products is robust, with a large number of corn acres being planted, favorable weather and low industry-wide nitrogen product availability. Corn planting is showing excellent progress with 53% of U.S. corn planted as of April 29 compared to a historic average of 33% for this time of year.  The ammonia pre-plant season is winding down after an early start with continuous very strong demand. This robust demand has been visible in published spot market prices, and we look forward to a very good side-dress season. The re-application continues at a brisk pace, and we have seen strong UAN demand in recent weeks.  The last month has been characterized by some nitrogen supply interruptions in North America. While these industry events are quite normal, the impact has been more visible in the market this year due to the tight conditions during 2012. We at CF Industries have met our commitments to customers and believe we're on course for an excellent second quarter. We expect the global nitrogen fertilizer market to remain in a relatively tight position at least through the first half of the calendar year. Although a significant amount of new capacity is being built globally, several of those projects have been delayed, and we do not expect to see some of them come online until the second half of the year or even later.  Market dynamics affecting existing producers in high cost regions are keeping the floor price for urea at a high level. The Chinese urea export window is expected to open again in July. However, given the Chinese producers high coal costs and their own domestic fertilizer needs, we expect that China will export less than 3 million tons of urea in 2012, down from an estimated 3.6 million tons in 2011 and 7 million tons in 2010.  In addition, natural gas cost appear to be rising for some Eastern European producers as Brent crude prices have risen, discounts from Russia have not materialized and alternate supplies of lower cost gas have largely been exhausted.  Meanwhile, India has significant urea needs and their purchases, along with demand from Latin America and Southeast Asia, did soak up much of the available global urea supply. We anticipate that the phosphate market will continue to improve as the year advances.  Market is being supported by expectations for strong demand in Latin America as well as the planted area increases due to high soybean prices. India and Southeast Asia also are expected to have strong demand this summer. In the supply side, high production cost may limit Chinese exports of phosphate.  We will continue to use our production and distribution flexibility to pursue the highest margin sales opportunities, whether domestically or through exports. Additionally, we will seek opportunities to provide upgraded, higher-value products. One of these current opportunities is our introduction of software-enhanced MAP or MAP-S. Earlier this week, we started test runs of this new product. Those tests have started out well, and we anticipate moving to full-scale production before the end of the second quarter. We're very excited about this product, and our customers already have voiced their interest. This is a higher-value product and should provide a modest boost to the earnings potential of our phosphate business.  Longer term, CF Industries will continue to benefit from several macro market factors to provide -- which provide opportunities for revenue growth and cash flow generation. First, global population growth, rising income levels leading to a shift towards higher protein diets and continued use of grains as a fuel source are all contributing to long-term growths in crop plantings and plant nutrient needs. Secondly, the abundance of natural gas in North America has created attractive cost economics that give us the competitive advantage in the nitrogen market. And finally, at CF Industries, we have a leadership team and a workforce that have proven their ability to deliver on our shareholders expectations by fulfilling our customer's needs.  These factors provide an exceptional opportunity for CF Industries to continue to create long-term growth in shareholder value, consistent with the view I expressed last quarter, that we believe our nitrogen results will be characterized by higher highs and higher lows going forward. As we have done in recent years, we will apply discipline in developing our cash deployment alternatives. We hope that our shareholders are as pleased as we are with our earnings and cash flow performance and with our prospects.  With that, let's open the call to your questions. Stacy, could you please explain the Q&A procedures.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Vince, I'll make just one comment to your last point. I don't think anything about our outlook is bad. Right? I'll just turn the overall question to Bert Frost.
Stephen R. Wilson: Sure. With respect to the whole question of cash deployment, I'd like to put a little bit of context around it. We've now been a public company for going on 7 years. I think our record of investment and other cash deployment has been quite positive. And frankly, I'm very proud of it. Going back to 2008, we had an opportunity in front of us to repurchase our shares following the -- at that time of peak in the summer of 2008. We bought stock back in the fall at a very attractive price, $500 million worth of our own stock. Last summer, in August, which is only 8 months ago, our board authorized a comprehensive approach to cash deployment. That included a plan to invest up to $1 billion to $1.5 billion inside the fence in our nitrogen business and to buy up to $1.5 billion of our own stock back. We bought $1 billion worth of that stock back before year end. I think the average price of those shares was around $153 and change. Recently, our stock has been trading in the range of $180 to $200 a share. I think that was a very prudent amount of purchases at a pretty good price. The authorization that was put in place in August 2011 runs through December of 2013. So I'm proud of what we've done both strategically and tactically in this regard. We continue to develop strategy in the future consistent with our good stewardship to date, and the tactics will become visible as we make announcements about actions that have occurred when they occur.
Stephen R. Wilson: We were -- as you saw in our press release, our ammonia units ran at the rated capacity in the first quarter. I think absent some kind of problem that's not anticipated at this point, we expect to be very pleased with our production in the first half of the year.
Stephen R. Wilson: With respect to the second part of your question, we're on the exact timetable in looking at investment opportunities as we contemplated last August. We have a period here of doing front-end engineering and design work. We have to overlay market studies on that. That will all come together later in the year. And assuming that we have positive decisions, we would expect to be making announcements around the end of the year. That's what we contemplated. I think we actually talked about that in our fourth quarter conference call. And so there has been no change either in our appetite for these projects or on the timetable associated with them. With respect to repurchasing shares, when we announced our buyback in August, we announced it as a $1.5 billion program. We said it had a longevity through the end of 2013. We didn't make any commitments with respect to the pace at which we'd buy back stock. And when we purchase shares, we will let you know at the end of that -- each quarter where we stand.
Stephen R. Wilson: As a general matter, Charlie, we're very comfortable with our order book position. We're very comfortable what we've seen as it trends in pricing. And beyond that, I don't want to be any more specific. I don't think that's what we do in the normal course.
Stephen R. Wilson: Going into the first quarter, we had hedged roughly 2/3 of our natural gas for the full year. And it was not exactly pro rata through the year, but it was close to that.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we normally have an advantageous position in -- at Medicine Hat. We normally have an advantageous position at our Oklahoma plants. We normally have an advantageous position at Courtright, Ontario. And I think our Port Neal facility is generally less than Henry Hub. Donaldsonville, of course, is right on top of Henry Hub. Did I miss anybody? Those numbers move around, but they're, I think, pretty widely available in publications.
Stephen R. Wilson: Okay. With respect to corn acreage, our internal view on corn acres is just a little bit less than the USDA, which is 95.3 million. At this point, all we know is that a lot of corn is being planted. Whether we get to 96 million, I don't think anybody knows it at this point. But given the amount of nitrogen that's moving, it's going to be a pretty big number. We're very -- obviously, very pleased with our KEYTRADE relationship. In fact, KEYTRADE is celebrating their 15th anniversary as a company this weekend. We haven't been with them quite all that time. KEYTRADE is in the trading business, not in the distribution business. So fertilizer distribution around the world is a very different business. We're very comfortable with our position as a manufacturer, mostly manufacturing for the domestic market, but accessing the world markets when it's appropriate for us to do so. I would not say that we would never consider that, but that's not something that's prominent on our radar screen.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, the ammonia situation is characterized, I think, in the following way. A year ago, we had a huge second quarter in ammonia and a fairly weak first quarter. This year, we had a huge first quarter. And given that there is roughly the same amount of land to which direct application ammonia is applied, then I think it's a reasonable expectation for ammonia to be down in the second quarter compared to a year ago. For us, we don't really care whether it's in the first quarter or the second quarter. We're in the middle of a huge nitrogen demand pattern in the first half of the year. And so we expect a huge UAN movement, weather-permitting, in the second quarter. And I think it's also important to note that we've had rising prices. And if you look at year-over-year prices, market prices right now are stronger than they were a year ago. We're going to sell -- again, weather-permitting, we're going to sell everything we can make. We're going to be testing our ability to sweep the floors of our warehouses and drain product from our tanks. And we welcome the challenge of doing that.
Stephen R. Wilson: In general, there's been no change in our strategy towards hedging. We ended up taking some positions in excess of what had become traditional for us at the end of 2011 because the market gave us that opportunity. It is our maximum -- well, clearly, the technical maximum is what our production is, how many ammonia molecules do we need translated back into MMBtus of gas. From a more practical standpoint, we would obviously want to leave a little bit of room for unplanned outages and so forth so that we didn't overcommit. And frankly, I think we like being in the spot market to a meaningful extent in a market like we just had. So every day is different in a commodity business, and we will continue to evaluate. Our committee will meet and get together. But our overall philosophy of hedging has really not changed.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, I don't know any more about that particular plant than I've read about. I think anybody who is contemplating building ammonia capacity in the U.S. should have a pretty good grasp on the environmental challenges associated with building that capacity and, obviously, that includes ourselves. And whether that ever got -- would get built, I don't know. But I think in today's environment, with respect to environment, it would be a challenge. In our particular case, we are sitting in a pretty good position because of all the plant sites we have, all the infrastructure we have and our own experience in expanding production on a brownfield basis. So the projects that we are contemplating in this $1 billion to $1.5 billion that we may spend will be quite lower cost than greenfield capacity, in the range of, let's say, 1/3 to 1/2 the capital cost of new capacity. That's a great position to be in. We can do that relatively quickly. We would phase it in constant with -- in concert with our normal turnaround schedule. But it is really -- it's a set of high-return, low-risk projects that we're really hopeful we can undertake.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, we're in the market every day. Bert's people are answering the phone. In general, there's been a lag in spot prices showing up in our order book and our shipments, but we're very comfortable with our position in all of our products with respect to the margins that are in that book.
Stephen R. Wilson: We do turnarounds on an ongoing basis. It's just part of our normal routine. The benefits of doing a turnaround are, we keep the facility in tip-top shape, operating to its capability and prolong its life.
Stephen R. Wilson: When we have comments to make about deployment of cash, we'll be making them. That's all I have to say on that.
Stephen R. Wilson: Chris, I think on our fourth quarter conference call, we made it clear that the basket had been refreshed under our revolver, and we're free to go.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, thanks for that question. That's a nice question to have. We have a very good window to the world. We hear a lot of opportunities. We will normally look at any opportunity that pops up in front of us. On the M&A front, if something were to come along as attractive, we certainly wouldn't hesitate to consider it. We have been -- 3 years ago, Jeff, we were in a position -- maybe 4 years ago, of absolutely needing to diversify away from North America, and that was an objective for us. As shale gas developed this country, our existing asset base became more valuable. It certainly has reinforced the value of the Terra acquisition. So our -- we're comfortable with our North American profile today. And we -- I think it's safe to say that given our disciplined nature, that the fact that we have more jingle on our pocket doesn't make us any less disciplined in our deployment of cash.
Stephen R. Wilson: Well, Ben, just as a matter of prudence, we don't comment on announced pending transactions by other people.
Stephen R. Wilson: I would add just want thought to that, and that is to follow up on the Moody's upgrade we had this week. We think we've had investment grade credit statistics for a long time. And so generally, my view there over the long period, we ought to maintain investment grade and an investment grade credit profile. Whether that results in investment grade rating or not is out of our control, but what is in control is our own capital structure.
Bert A. Frost: Well, looking at the latter half of the first 6-month period, you have a lot of activity still to take place with various applications on corn and then the continued application of ammonia in the Northern tier, as well as side-dress. And so we're very positive what can and will take place and believe that N applications will be up for the year on $96 million, which is a recent record on acres, as well as the other crops. And we're getting positive rainfall in Texas for -- we're anticipating good demand for the cotton crop, as well as the pivot application in the Western aquifer area. And so that coupled with -- we have to take also into account, world demand to sustain -- we are in a world market -- to sustain world pricing event and what's taking place as you're following India and South America and the limits of exports coming out of China, all really roll up into a very positive period moving forward.
Bert A. Frost: Yes, relative to pricing, what you saw in the first quarter was a fairly weak period coming out of the fourth quarter through January and February and then pricing appreciated beginning in March, maybe late February, and has continued to do so through April. And we recognize and, obviously, we have to participate in these environments on a day-to-day basis but believed our story and believed the potential of the high acreage number, and then we priced accordingly for the first quarter. For the second quarter and looking forward, we always say about order book is we're pleased with where we are, and we have products to sell throughout the quarter. The pricing will continue, I think, to be a positive throughout this second quarter period because you've had less exports coming into United States for ammonia and urea, a little higher on UAN today, and high acreage and high application rates. So you can see what's post into some of the publications, probably will trend through a quarter and then begin to weaken for the fill period.
Bert A. Frost: Specifically looking at UAN, world capacity today is far above world demand. And so you do have differentials trading, and it does play off the other products where UAN is relative to urea and ammonia and nitrate also, but where the world producers set their production targets and then where they move the product to various markets. And so we do monitor what's going on in, I guess, the drivers in these other countries relative to gas, demand, production and where they're marketing their products and then what that impact would be on the United States relative to imports and where they import into then, therefore, how we price our products. UAN, what we are -- where we are today is in the logistics market, and so that's where the benefits to CF having in-country production facilities and distribution assets allow us to participate in the spot market and, therefore, capture spot pricing. And so corn today, you can call it 96 million, you can call 92 million, it's still very positive for UAN. So I'm not really anticipating the acreage impact to negatively impact the first 6 months on UAN. Exports, we do -- as you can see in the first quarter, we exported UAN to a few countries. And we continue to use that vehicle as a way to moderate not only our inventories and production rates, but to participate in other markets. And so as we look forward, I think what your question was leading to is the reset price for UAN. The end products today are very positive. As I mentioned earlier, world demand and world S&P scenario is being played out today. And you're going to see that in the India tender for urea really plays well to what is going on with nitrogen. And so I think UAN will set -- reset their positive place and -- but we have to be aware that there's a pretty long carry period for UAN. So that price reset will be at a level that's attractive for an end-user to purchase in-store, and then we will continue to move and produce our products.
Bert A. Frost: Just relative to market share, I would look at it on a 5-year import average for urea or the other products and then compare. And urea was under imported in 2012 relative to the 5-year average. And there -- I think that drives a bit of the supply and demand imbalance that we experienced in the first quarter.
Bert A. Frost: I think where we are in inventory, we're into drawdown period for all the products. And so it's natural that we would trend at the end of the quarter -- the second quarter to low inventory. And I think part of this is good decision-making on the distribution channel to moderate their purchases, to manage their risk, which is managing their inventory and be prepared for the reset period. But also, that moves into, I think, our sweet spot of logistics, where we're active on all modes of transport of the end products. And so I think it's going to be a positive position for CF going forward on the reset.
Bert A. Frost: Well, I'll hit them with the side-dress. Yes, what you're going to see -- what we're seeing is -- and you can see it in the published planting speed that's going on, obviously, you're going to have an earlier -- as we've all said, an earlier crop in the ground, which would then push forward the side-dress season. And so we're anticipating here in a few weeks probably in the lower half of the United States that the side-dress for ammonia would take place, and UAN will be a little bit later in the Northern tier. Iowa has a little bit later planting than Illinois. And your second part on harvesting early and then possible early application of ammonia, that will depend on soil temperatures and the right application periods. So yes, the corn could come off early. Let's say, it's in the ground 3 to 4 weeks early, so you might pull the harvest 3 to 4 weeks early, which would be nice if it dried out by December -- or by September. But we would anticipate that ammonia then being -- that they would do the fieldwork to prepare for ammonia, that would only probably commence in late October.
Bert A. Frost: The other thing that we did was we moved the turnaround out of later in the year to earlier in the year, partly because of the soft nature of the market opportunity that was there. So we took an outage during the period of soft demand. So we'll have production capacity online later in the year, where we believe pricing will be more supportive.
Bert A. Frost: We expect normal behavior. Inventory will be very low for at least 2 of the 3 nutrients. That would be N and P. And so we were anticipating actually probably heavy purchasing because -- then you get into a logistical situation where you can only move so many railcars of UAN and the pipe can only handle so much ammonia up through. And then also, we'll be participating in the international market because we do see heavy demand for phosphate in South America. And we'll be monitoring India to see if we need to participate or not.
Bert A. Frost: We've had several factors impacting movement of urea, and we had some difficult markets. If you look back over the previous years, we've had a collapse of pricing in March and April. And so those who imported early were punished for that decision. And so I think with -- if you watch what the traders and the producers, a lot of this product are shipped in by producers direct and then put on barge. I think they were playing a more prudent hand, looking for more spot purchases or sales around the world. And also, the China impact, we had probably 1 million tons come in to the United States in January -- December and January a few years ago, and that product is basically nonexistent this year. So when you factor all that in, a few plant problems around the world, the new capacities do not come online, less available and the risk of the forward market, I think people -- again the traders and producers were just acting more in a short-term interest.
