Anthony Nocchiero: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. As Steve indicated, CF Industries reported net income of $105 million or $1.54 per diluted share in the second quarter, down from earnings of $213 million or $4.33 per share in the same period last year. Second quarter earnings included $114 million of business combination and integration costs, and unrealized mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives of $15 million, and Peru project development costs of almost $2 million. Second quarter EBITDA of $392 million included the $55 million of business combination and integration costs unrelated to accelerated loan amortization, $15 million of unrealized mark-to-market gains and $2 million of Peru project development costs.  In the second quarter of 2010, net sales of $1.3 billion included Nitrogen segment sales of $1.1 billion and Phosphate segment sales of $185 million. Nitrogen volume for the quarter were 3.9 million tons compared to 1.9 million tons in the year-ago quarter. Nitrogen sales were 49% higher than in the second quarter of 2009. Both segment volumes and sales were, of course, boosted by the acquisition of Terra. Our average price realization for ammonia was $380 per ton, which was up about $60 sequentially but was lower than the average price last year, which benefited from FPP sales booked in the peak of the market.  Sales volume of 1.2 million tons of ammonia exceeded all expectations. Comparing that to our terminal storage capacity of about 650,000 tons, illustrates how fast product was turning in the quarter. Urea price realizations were about the same as the second quarter of 2009, but down slightly sequentially. UAN price realizations were 30% lower than the second quarter of 2009, but 7% higher sequentially. DAP average price realizations for the second quarter were 32% higher than the second quarter of 2009 and 11% higher sequentially.  Gross margin of $397 million was down 7% from the year-earlier quarter. Gross margin for the Nitrogen segment was down $36 million, with the inclusion of Terra's results failing to offset the significant year-over-year decrease in average prices for ammonia and UAN. Gross margin for the Phosphate segment was up, largely due to the increase in pricing.  On June 30, 2010, the company's cash and cash equivalents totaled $600 million. We also held $125 million in auction rate securities. Net debt was $2 billion, and we made good progress in paying down debt. We'll continue to use available cash flow to pay down the bank debt, moving us toward our net debt-to-EBITDA target of 1:1.5. Operating cash flow in the quarter included a seasonal outflow of $378 million for a reduction in customer deposits. We ended the quarter with $11 million in customer deposits.  Finally, I'd like to announce that we have agreed on the terms of the consent decree with the EPA and the Florida Department of Environmental Protection to resolve a notice of violation issued by the EPA in 2005 over phosphate industry water management practices. We've disclosed the enforcement matter in our Securities filings since issuance of the notice of violation, including our ongoing negotiations to resolve it.  The U.S. government and the State of Florida are filing a consent decree with the Federal District Court in Tampa this morning, and it won't be final until it's approved by the court. Because the settlement is considered confidential by the government until it's lodged with the court, we won't be able to disclose the specific terms on the call this morning. I will say that we anticipated and planned for this outcome, and we're pleased to have resolved this issue through a negotiated settlement. Now let me turn it back to Steve.
Anthony Nocchiero: The regular amortization charges related to the existing debt after all those prepayments that we reported this year is going to be about $5 million a quarter.
Anthony Nocchiero: We have those non-deductible transaction-related costs. The biggest one of which is the Yara break-up fee, and that's going to work its way through the P&L. For the rest of year, we're going to say at a tax rate of about 47%. And as we go into next year, we expect to be back in the range of 33% to 35%.
Anthony Nocchiero: The total DD&A we reported was $149 million. Of that, $59 million was the accelerated amortization related to the repayment of the bridge loan and the B2 term loan. There was another $5 million related to the regular amortization that I just mentioned. We had a $40 million related to the stepped-up basis of the Terra values and then $45 million or $46 million related to the legacy depreciation on the existing assets and that carry over assets from Terra.
Anthony Nocchiero: I think what we're referring to, that was a year-over-year comparison person. I think that's what you're referring to then. That related to higher prices from FPP in the previous comparable quarter. We weren't referring to the sequential quarter.
Anthony Nocchiero: Well, we haven't given you a target for the pay down of the term debt, which is the debt we're repaying right now. But we're still targeting 1:1.5 as the net debt ratio.
Anthony Nocchiero: As I said, we're making very good process in debt repayment. We expect to be inside that range of 1:1.5 net debt-to-EBITDA ratio the year and that's all I think I'm going to say about it.
Anthony Nocchiero: Yes, we're focused on repaying the term debt. It has some covenants and restrictions in it that, of course, limit our ability to do other things on the investment side. But not really significant, but we pledge to the market that we get our balance sheet back in shape. We hit the 1:1.5 net debt-to-EBITDA target, and then we'd move from there. So an important part of that, obviously, is paying down the term debt.
Anthony Nocchiero: We think we've given you all the components to get to the number, and if there's any confusion about the adjustments to get to a pro forma basis, we're happy to talk to you about it offline.
Stephen Wilson: Thanks, Tony. Now I'd like to discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2010. The conditions in agricultural markets always provide the basis for our outlook, and those conditions remain positive. Global grain prices dipped during the second quarter but have moved up strongly in the third because of drought conditions in the former Soviet Union and parts of Europe.  We expect to see corn prices well above historical averages through the marketing year, as already tight conditions receive additional support from export demand and the Renewable Fuel Standard. You can see the strength of the demand environment when you consider that despite a forecast for one of the largest U.S. corn crops of all time, the stocks-to-use ratio is still projected to fall.  Financial markets will watch yield projections for the 2010 and 2011 crop carefully over the coming weeks. Our base forecast assumes that this year's corn yield will be in line with the trend, with some areas producing very good yields but others suffering from excess moisture received in the spring. Farmers should enter planting in 2011 in a strong financial position. Crop budgets continue to favor corn planting next year, with variable returns for corn expected to be at about $100 per acre, greater than for soybean. We expect 2011 to surpass 2010, as the second highest corn planting of all time in the U.S.  In addition to higher planted area, we expect nitrogen and phosphate fertilizer demand in the U.S. to benefit from higher application rates as well. In the fall, we expect Midwest ammonia shipments to rebound 9% from last year's weak weather-depressed season. That rebound in the very low ammonia inventory position in the Midwest right now should support attractive Corn Belt pricing. Also note that a couple of ammonia upgrading projects was slated to come online, including our own project at Woodward.  U.S. Gulf urea prices rose by about 15% during July. The global supply-demand balance will depend in part on supply outages, which are difficult to predict. But the tone of the market now is positive. The domestic urea market should be supported by the planting and application outlook I just discussed. U.S. Gulf UAN prices rose by about 40% in July, as customers rushed to restock severely depleted downstream inventory. U.S. phosphate producer shipments are expected to remain strong through the fall, underpinned by continued recovery in the domestic markets and strong offshore demand, mainly from India.  Many of you probably noticed that we did not specify our forward-order position in our release. We decided to end that practice for several reasons. First, our Forward Pricing Program has served us well during its seven-year history and continues to be an important marketing tool. The original reason for disclosing our FPP position was to provide investors with insight into our risk-mitigation actions in the context of high and volatile natural gas costs. As a new public company, we wanted to assure our investors that we practice margin discipline in this commodity price-driven business. I believe that the need to provide quantitative assurance of that discipline has been diminished over time, as we've compiled a track record of demonstrating it.  Second, we're now a much larger company with a very different and more stable risk profile. FPP is just one of several tools we have available to manage our margin, and we have decided that highlighting just one tool gives it undue prominence in our discussions with investors. And finally, we simply believe that our forward-order position is competitively sensitive information. Consequently, we've dropped discussion of the FPP order book from our routine disclosures.  To summarize where we stand for the second half of the year, our outlook for demand and margins is very favorable, which should sustain strong profitability and cash flow and allow us to pay down our bank debt quickly. Beyond the market factors supporting our success, I feel great about where what we've accomplished our integration. We're ahead of our original synergy plan, our team is energized and working effectively to blend the best of both legacy company's approaches to the business. I'm very confident in our ability to optimize North America's largest nitrogen system.  Next week, we will mark our fifth anniversary as a public company. It's very gratifying to look back at what we've accomplished during those five years, as we made the transition from a Corn Belt co-op to a successful public company and now a much larger enterprise. A lot has changed in those five years, but our team believes that we're just getting started down the path of establishing CF Industries as a global leader in the Nitrogen and Phosphate businesses and building long-term value for investors.  With that, let's open the call to your questions. Noella, please explain the Q&A procedures.
Stephen Wilson: Well, we're finding synergy opportunities in every area that we delineated in, in our comments that we've made over the last year and a half. They're in the transportation area, they're in the distribution area, they're in the area of our mix of business, they're certainly in the SG&A area. And we're making progress on all fronts, and we feel good about every aspect of our synergy delivery.
Stephen Wilson: Well, first of all, with respect recent business, we've mentioned that we launched our UAN fill program in July, has been very well received. The market is strong, and that's obviously evidenced by the rising prices that we've seen. So we're very comfortable with where the market is and where our position is in the market. With respect to natural gas, we maintain our discipline of essentially backing forward orders with committed gas so that we have -- we lock in our margin and we mitigate the risks associated with being exposed on one side or the other. We have the ability under our natural gas policy to take gas positions outside of that. We do that sporadically when we believe the market is in a good place and we're comfortable taking a gas position. We would never get into a gas position that exceeded our physical needs for gas. It's a pretty tightly controlled process, and our policy is board approved. With respect to recent activity, we mentioned in our release and I mentioned a couple of minutes ago that we did bought some options to cap our gas exposure in the months of August, September, October, just to be prudent with respect to the hurricane risk.
Stephen Wilson: Sure, David. I guess I would prefer to look at the kind of synergy part that you're referring to as market-based synergies in kind of a broad sense. Revenue would be part of it, but there are also cost synergies that come with taking the kind of actions that we'll take. CF traditionally has had a focus on large wholesale customers, where we've been relationship-driven. We value those relationships. We'll continue to value those relationships in the months and years ahead. They're very important cornerstones to our business. Terra had a different approach. Terra had a substantial number of smaller customers downstream, further than the wholesalers. Those relationships were a set of very, very strong long-standing relationships, and we value those relationships. And so, we will continue to take a position with respect to our customers, where we want to have long-standing good relationships, but we also are making enough product that we like to have, product available to take care of, to respond to opportunities that arise in the marketplace on occasion. So we will be working in the following fashion. We'll be trying to optimize how we serve those customers. We will be working to make sure that we have the right mix of Domestic business and Export business. We have established ourselves quite well in the export market with respect to both phosphate and more recently, nitrogen. And so with Donaldsonville, where it is and the legacy Terra plants where they are, we have a tremendous opportunity on a continuous basis, optimize what business we serve from what locations and take advantage of export opportunities. And then I guess the other leg I would add to that is that Terra had a substantial percentage of its business in the industrial market. We had some of that at legacy CF, but not nearly as much. So as we look at industrial customers, and frankly, all of our customers, we need to be cognizant of the fact that we should be putting our product to its highest and best use, and that's frankly what will drive our whole marketing strategy going forward. We have the full range of nitrogen products now, and we have multiple locations at which to produce them. And we'll be looking to put every ton to its highest and best use.
Stephen Wilson: It's an interesting subject, David. I guess I would reinforce comments that we've made, I think, consistently to investors. And that is, we have a pretty much a perfect match between our mine capability, our mine production and the needs of our chemical plant. And we designed it that way. We do not have excess rock production. And certainly, the production that we have right now is earmarked for Plant City and on to our customers. I would like, if I may, just make a comment on the situation that Mosaic has. We don't take any pleasure in watching that happen. We operate in the same state. We operate with the same set of regulators. We operate with the same permitting practices. And we watched that situation over the years. Certainly, I don't know the details of the case, but I certainly know in general that they seem to have followed all the prescribed procedures and done it in a good-faith way and obtained their permit. And I think it's unfortunate that they're not able to mine their property. In respect of our own situation, we do have 12 or 13 years of fully permitted reserves in Hardee County today. But down the road, we have plans to mine some more rock. And so, we look at the experience that Mosaic has had, and we'll certainly learn from that experience and build as many bridges as we can to various constituencies along the way. But it's certainly a troublesome situation.
Stephen Wilson: Well, it's now August. Bringing in nitrogen for the fall would be challenging. I think it's probably still possible but it's getting pretty late to bring in new supply. But remember that half of the nitrogen consumed in this country, roughly half is imported. And so, there's a pretty continuous flow of imports already. it's has its spikes and troughs, but it's pretty continuous.
Stephen Wilson: I don't have a specific comment on that. The market seems to be strong in all of our products today, and that's because we're looking forward to an early harvest. Certainly, a window that will be longer than usual for application, a longer period of time during which we could get cooperating weather. And then looking forward to next spring, we see everything lined up to having a really terrific spring planting season with good crop fundamentals. We think that the demand pattern domestically is real good.
Stephen Wilson: Well, Mike, let me just refer back to a comment that Tony made. At the end of June, we had $11 million in customer prepayments.
Stephen Wilson: Sure. The KEYTRADE relationship has been a very beneficial relationship for us. Our sales people have communications with the KEYTRADE folks on a daily basis, sometimes hourly basis, working on individual opportunities. It's really a two-way relationship. We help them generate trading revenue on occasion and they help us with export sales. And frankly, there are times, when we want to manage our supply such that we trade a little bit of our own production for offshore production and things like that. It's a great relationship. It brings us great market intelligence. And it's been, I think, a win-win for both sides.
Stephen Wilson: While the formal closing of the merger was the 15th or the 16th. But we incorporated Terra results from April 5 forward. And if I remember the calendar correctly, two of those four days were weekends.
Stephen Wilson: Our sales department is open for business everyday. We take calls. We have good conversations with our customers. And we make a lot of product. We're going to make and sell about I think 13.5 million tons of nitrogen and a couple of million tons of phosphate. So we're open for business, and we certainly like the business environment right now.
Stephen Wilson: I would, I guess, just point out, I don't know, we've seen significant runoff in crop prices. And we had a spike in wheat prices yesterday and the day before. We have seen good movement up in corn prices. There's a lot of money to be made in growing crops next year. And our model, I think, as I indicated, shows corn leading to about $100 an acre, more value than soybeans. Actually, that spread has probably widened in the last few days. Whether today's corn prices is sustainable is I think open to some question. But corn in the $3.80, $4, $4.20 range is really good for I think everybody in the chain. And at the farm level, I don't think today's nitrogen prices would be an impediment to planting.
Stephen Wilson: Well, certainly, we subscribe to Glenn's view that around $4 seems to be the sweet spot on a long-term basis. I don't think today's price is causing a problem. But if it gets much higher, it could become a problem.
Stephen Wilson: Well, this is a quarter in which the supply chain is restocked, and normal kind of restocking is occurring. The fill programs that are out there really result in kind of an even flow of product back into the supply chain over a number of months. And we do have -- we didn't come out of the second quarter industry-wide to the full chain with very low inventories. And so, there's a lot of restocking that has to occur.
Stephen Wilson: I'm not going to project EBITDA. Normally, the third quarter does not have as much volume as the second quarter. I'd be surprised if that trend is not present this quarter.
Stephen Wilson: Well, you have our first quarter results. You have Terra's first quarter results. You have our results for the second quarter, and we don't have the math for you on that. We feel very good about the cash generation capability of the company.
Stephen Wilson: Well, with respect to sort of the next fertilizer year demand, I think for nitrogen, we're looking at something like 2% to 2.5% in phosphate, maybe 4% or 4.5% or more. So we think those are reasonable estimates. We're looking to support something north of 90 million acreage of corn. So that's a pretty robust environment. I think, Don, is now with 91 million acres for 2011. With respect to DEF, it's clear to us after a few months that Terra has done a great job of positioning this product in the marketplace. They have led this sector in many ways in terms of establishing a flow of product, although I suppose flow might be overstating it. It may be more like a trickle of product so far, as this DEF gets rolled out into the marketplace. But the brand is established, and there's momentum there. We are in the late stages of evaluating that business. Obviously, we were taking a fresh look here, and we haven't come to a conclusion yet. But I will say, Don, from the broadest of perspectives, we have a lot of flexibility in our production and distribution system. We make a lot of nitrogen, and we can do a lot of different things with it. We have more flexibility in that regard than Terra had. So we want to make sure that as we make decisions with respect to DEF, that we are putting our nitrogen to its highest and best use going forward. That will drive the decision, but the market is clearly there for the product.
Stephen Wilson: Well, our business historically because of the deposits we've gotten from the FPP program has been largely self financing. So we expect most of the patterns from quarter-to-quarter to remain in place. But it will depend, obviously, on how aggressively the FPP program gets used across the new company. We do intend to continue to use the program as a marketing tool. So just in general, I wouldn't expect the patterns we've shown in the past to be much different from those in the future.
Stephen Wilson: Production and distribution flexibility first. What we did in the second quarter in this area is I would say, a hint at what we can do in the future. It was meaningful to us because we did it, and we were able to move the product where we want to move it out of both legacy systems. And we proved to ourselves that what we believe is a substantial opportunity can be achieved. There will be much more of this kind of activity in the quarters ahead. With respect to Peru, the comment on infrastructure, if I turn it in to a more specific comment, is really focused on the need to construct a pipeline from where the major pipeline comes to the coast from the Camisea gas fields down to our potential plant site, which is a distance of about 120 kilometers. There's been no work on that. And we, obviously, are dependent upon that. We wouldn't make a decision on a project in the absence of that and no one would lend us any money for the project, even if we wanted to make a decision. In addition to that, the Camisea fields continue to be expanded, more gas must come over the Andes to the coast and there's a pipeline expansion that has to happen in order to get sufficient quantity to the coast to feed all the needs that have been promised by the gas producers. So those are two events, two hurdles that have to be overcome. These things have to be put in place before we make a decision. We continue to do work on the cost, the cost profile is moving in the right direction. Of course, part of the reason that's moving in the right direction has been the change in the value of the currencies. The euro has weakened, and we have substantial euro content. That could go the other way and could erase it in short order. So we don't have a definitive cost at this point, and we won't really have a definitive cost until we get to decision day.
