Mike Lamach: Great. Thanks, Janet, and good morning and thank you for joining us on today’s call. In the second quarter, we delivered earnings per share of $1.13. There was a small amount of restructuring in the quarter less than a penny. This quarter’s reported and adjusted EPS are identical. That’s at the top end of our adjusted earnings guidance range and a 22% increase versus the second quarter of 2013. Revenues were $3.5 billion, up 4.3% versus last year. Leverage were consistent with our guided revenue range of up 4% to 5% for the quarter. Orders were up 5% in the second quarter with Climate up 6% and Industrial up 2%. Adjusted operating margin which excludes restructuring from the prior year was up 150 basis points. Climate margins increased 150 basis points and Industrial margins were up 30 basis points. Pricing exceeded direct material inflation as it has each quarter for more than three years. Operating leverage was about 50% with 43% leverage at the segment. We repurchased 4 million shares in the second quarter. Overall a very good quarter with revenues about where we thought they would be, and excellent operating leverage on the revenue growth, particularly in HVAC businesses, both residential and commercial. Now Sue will walk you through in more detail on the second quarter. I’ll then take you through the third quarter and 2014 outlook.
Mike Lamach: Julian, the thing that is important there is the pipeline that we measure. And as I’ve in the past, we’ve tried to keep that pipeline between 110% and 150% of what’s required understanding that there is timing issues and some things don’t work that were planned. So to help the pipeline looks like it’s still in fact both materials perspective as well as direct and indirect labor perspective. So I would say that we’re not forecasting any real changes in productivity, however it’s always subject to the pipeline timing of what project actually has.
Mike Lamach: Yes, it’s actually mostly in Western Europe as well too. So it’s combination of other things, Andrew. I wouldn’t just to pick one but clearly we’ve done well with the efforts to invest feet on the street in the region. We’ve got I think great product with a good price point in the region. I think that oil free, it’s been a significant gainer for us there as well, and for that matter across the globe. So no, I don’t think that 20% growth rates are something to plan on when you are going forward, but we are pleasantly surprised to see that we have a great quarter.
Mike Lamach: That corporate last year as we were really truing up half spend, there was stock-based comps, benefit changes that came out really in the fourth quarter higher than the normal run rate. So there is a pickup in the fourth quarter. We also had a flood in China in our Industrial businesses which hopefully won’t repeat again this year, so that would be another reasons why the fourth quarter leverages looks so much higher than the normal.
Mike Lamach: Are you talking about residential HVAC or what part of the business? Just assuming you’re on mute at this point, I am going to assume that’s residential HVAC. And they are at about normal levels at this point of time. We’re running higher bookings in the first quarter, shipped a lot of those bookings in the second quarter towards fairly low at the beginning in the second quarter. So fairly normalized levels for us, which tends to be a little bit lower than some of what our industry competitors sold. And if you go back over a long period of time, largely we’ve been trying to do better job on cycle times from the factories to the dealer to allow distribution to actually hold less inventory at different times during the year. So the answer to your answer, in short form, fairly normalized.
Mike Lamach: Yes, we have and we actually have what we believe is the much more reliable part to review that which is a pipeline view which goes all the way from early conversation with the customer or the identification of the project, all the way through to following it through a pipeline percentage estimate of flow and so and so forth. So you do see a large pipeline going through, but again I don’t see that there is sort of an immediate inflection point in applied that some of the third-party market data points would suggest I think some more gradual improvements through 2015 with some more gradual moderating in the unitary business in 2015, but yes, we’re seeing that as well.
Mike Lamach: Jeff actually we had across the board, so if you put Climate, both resi and commercial and then split up, commercial by region, by product. We actually have positive price in all areas that as we did industrial as well. So there weren’t any big gaps and that Sue just alluded to clearly one of the biggest surprises was the residential was actually price leaders for us in the quarter.
Mike Lamach: Well, it’s a very inexpensive insurance policy right now with working capital rates where they are in a company, and areas where we got long lead items. Great example might be a diesel engines for TK would be a perfect example. That was a really strong bookings backlog. And although we expect it to moderate, but still I don’t want out of engines which can take 12 weeks to come across the water to get here. That would be a good example. And it’s selective throughout the business. So if you go to our tools business, there is 25 tools that we just absolutely will not stock out of, and there has been great activity in that business particularly around some of the new product launches with our electric power tools that actually have electronic interface into customer production system, that’s been a big winner for us and that’s something we’re going stock out of. So again it’s really building advance. And also campaigns that we’re running certain areas of product growth team are spearheading, so we talked about the six product growth teams but in areas where they’ve got a deliberate plan, its spearhead, something into a particular vertical market or particular region, we’re making sure that to tie our order plans consistent with what we’re trying to do. In other words, we’re trusting that those product growth teams are going to be able to action out what it is trying to do. The worst thing we want to do is have them do that not be able to support the product. So it’s selective, not across the board. It got nothing to do with the value stream. It has got to do with where they are pockets of growth and where there is the unique opportunities, it is being able to take advantage of that. And certainly and really lead, 12 to 16 weeks items that commence from suppliers that we want to make sure that we’re not running out of those.
Mike Lamach: Yes, David, for five years we’ve been running somewhere in this 40% to 50% incremental margin range. I haven’t calculated likely but I don’t think we wrote it much last year. And at some point in time, logic prevails that you’re going to be normalizing back towards something that looks like gross margin of company. Of course we’re trying to drive gross margin of the company up and of course we had higher rentals, but any time we do above 30%, we’re truly digging in beyond variable costs, we’re digging into the fixed cost base of the company. So we guided initially the 25% along with some breakage in the business, and pipelines that may not materialize. In the first two quarters, the pipeline did materialize and we were able to take advantage of the opportunities and manage away the risks, but that’s not always the case, that’s why I caution you and listeners on the call that good number tends to be the gross margin of the company. And really the safer number is the gross margin of the company less the breakage that normally is involved in these sorts of things.
Mike Lamach: Yes, as it relates to factory utilization, just think as a bit where you’re going with lean. You could think about the fact that we’ve taken so much that physical footprint out which has given us that 40%, 50% operating leverage over these past five years, we feel pretty good about the factory footprint at this point in time. And although it’s always a thing or two we might consider doing, it’s not like we’re doing any wholesale changes to that where we’re very well utilized across the business. And so lean at this point in time, more about making sure that as we see business pick back up we have the capacity, we have the ability to handle more throughput through the fixed cost base, and that again will help ensure that we’re getting operating leverage at least equal to gross margins of business which would be the plan. That’s how we think about it.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Steve, the first part of your question. 14 versus 13 SEER, the industry price is somewhere between 19% and 21% difference between 14 and 13 with the expectation I think that 13 saw decline probably more cost reductions on 14. And therefore probably a lower differential from what was 13, so what will then be 14. I don’t have a breakdown in front of me Steve on 14 through. We had nice sure gain there, so it plays to our strong suit because we are seeing a mix up particularly as you’re looking at 16 and above for being nice actions there for us. And then to your point, we’re mildly optimistic. Our forecast for applied, unitary or commercial HVAC in general would tell you that we expect stronger back half than first half. So it’s marginally strong but it’s a better second half than the first half. That’s again going back to this point that the market prognosticators show that happening. We see that happening. Albeit we think that not be very steep inflection point that are more forecast to the industry data.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Steve, actually interesting for us because there is two things going on. One is the pipeline is improving but the second activity here is making that a little bit difficult to give you an exact answer which is that in most of our climate businesses, there is a market coverage initiative on your way which is looking to make sure that whether it’s by ZIP code or by country or by region or places we get our hands on it, what’s our coverage ratio of the market, how many projects are we finding, what’s the density of our revenue per available square foot of HVAC content. And what that’s doing is driving investments into these markets, additional sales people for market coverage. So you’ve got a combination of market coverage and improved pipeline giving you a larger number than I think what’s actually going to be reported by some of our competitors. So I don’t want to give you a wild number on that. A year from now, I think we’re bit more normalized there. That would be the number that I hope we could report to you bit more would be bit of a leading indicator on pipeline, but I would not be comfortable to throw out a big number at you today.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Deane, it’s mixing up which is good always for Trane and for American standards, good for us. Our strategy is always been to make sure that we’re shoring up sort of the13 and 14 which I kind of see as one bucket. And then really however you play 15, but 16 and above would be higher efficiency systems that always has been a strength. It continues to be of strength, both in dealer base but also in the product portfolio. So the key there is we want to continue to have that historical Trane strength, American Trane strength in the higher SEER systems but we’re making a lot – we’re making a lot of progress in the 13, 14 as well and so it’s really playing both.
Mike Lamach: Yes, that set of investments there would be somewhere north of $100 million is what you’re seeing on that page [ph] there. That’s been part of what we’ve been talking about for four or five years. We started on that ECTV [ph] project I think when I was still running Trane commercial in 2009. So it takes four, five years to be something like that, now they come out much faster than that, which is a good sign but vitality is good. The vitality for the Trane applied portfolio really kind of the off the charts in the next five years, won’t make any sense. It won’t be meaningful, it will be almost a complete transition of the product portfolio. Unitary, we’ve been at that and kind of cycling through, so it’s a more normalized kind of 20% to 30% number that must be there, but applied will be 50% to 100% probably over the next say three to five years.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Nigel, same old broken record with me. I can tell you it’s well over 100 things that we looked at in the five years since I’ve been here, in this job. I think it’s been three years maybe five tops that we’ve had a real interest in for various reasons. So it’s not as if we haven’t been looking at exercising that muscle all this time. It’s just the longest time simply was not as good as the share buyback was. So we’ve made the right decisions there. So as we look in the future, we’re going to continue to hold up that mirror and understand which is more accretive and over what period of time. And that’s the same old answer I am out with.
Mike Lamach: It comes back to basics. The feet on the street in the right places. It’s been a constant drum beat on the portfolio innovation there on change, as that continues it’s a similar story as our applied HVAC business in terms of what that roadmap looks like or a product portfolio going forward. And when we launch those products, we in fact launch them feature that are superior to competition at margins that are superior to what the replacement product was. So the double effect when we launch products that we should have margin expansion and growth. That’s kind of what we’re seeing there. So there is no magic there. It’s been – that group has been hard at it for five years like the Trane team has. They had a earlier market recovery when HVAC of course had much more supporting incremental margins for the first three or so years of that. And hopefully that’s what we’ll see in the HVAC business going forward.
Sue Carter: So Julian, when we look at those, we’re leading the industrial segment at flat to up 20 basis points. And then on Climate as you pointed out, we were at 40 basis points to 80 basis points, and it now looks like about 80 basis points to 110 basis points. So we did take that up with the guidance increase.
Sue Carter: And Andrew let me just add one thing on there. For 2014, we’re expecting revenues in EMEA to be mid-to-high single digits for the year.
Sue Carter: So Joe, as we think about the guidance and what we’re seeing in the markets in our performance, we’re obviously pleased with what we’ve seen through six months and we’ve seen actually gives us some confidence for the year. As you pointed out, we’re still in a low to moderate growth environment. And so as we looked at the revenue, the outlook is only a little bit higher, and most of the earnings guidance is from higher operating performance. The enterprise leverage is in the mid 40s and the segment leverage in the mid 30s for the revised guidance. And again as we looked across the businesses, the performance that we have, what we see on enterprising versus material inflation, productivity, etcetera we thought this was the right place to land.
Sue Carter: So I think as you look across the quarters, I think we’re still seeing in the third quarter that prices is going to offset direct material inflation but at a lower rate, also same for the fourth quarter in terms of the overall businesses. And then one of the other things that you see in terms of that leverage is the amount of corporate expenses that are in the fourth quarter.
Sue Carter: So Jeff, what we’ve talked about for corporate spending was a range of around $200 million for the year. When we’re talking about today and what we’re thinking about is a range of around $200 million to $220 million, depending on how some of the things that Mike referenced earlier like the stock-based comp. The benefit planned true-ups and investment spending comes in for the year, so that gives you sort of $50 million to $55 million quarter range for corporate expenses, but as we look at that and I talk about $200 million to perhaps $220 million, I want to be clear that the restructuring spend and the stranded cost that were taken off from the Allegion spin were taken out in late 2013 and early 2014, if the number was above the $200 million range, it would be – because we had decided to do more investments or we had items again in not stock-based comp or in benefit planned true-ups.
Sue Carter: So let me give a broad overview on pricing and what we’re seeing. So from the perspective of being overall, we still expect the pricing environment to be fairly modest in 2014, so about 50 basis points of price. We still expect to be able to more than offset material inflation, but we think towards back half of the year, as I said earlier that the positive gap will look more like what we saw at the end of 2013, which is more in the 20 basis point to 30 basis point range as opposed to the 50 basis point range that we’re seeing. And I think that across the segment we are seeing favorability, and but to your point resi was a little – was part of the stronger piece of price.
Sue Carter: All right. So David as I think about share count and I think about tax rate is we’re looking at the – I’ll give you an example. We’re for the second quarter, we got about $0.10 benefit coming out of the share count and a headwind out of the tax rate of about $0.15. And for the full-year, you’re going to have the same story. You’re going to have more of a headwind coming off of tax than the benefit from shares. So as I look to what happens next, I mean obviously we need to go through and do our operating plan. We need to look at the areas where our income is going to come from in ‘15 and beyond, but I think from an overall basis, there isn’t a reason to think that it would be a lot different than sort of the mid 20s type of range which is sort of where we’ve been at for a while. So again in ‘14 you’re going to have less benefit from shares than the headwind on taxes at around 25% for the year.
Sue Carter: I think as we think about it, I would say let’s hold on to somewhat about 2015 until we get later in the year, see more of the activity and continue to evaluate where we are.
