Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. Steve, so half of it would've been really in commercial HVAC and then a small portion would have been residential, very small, balance being TK for the most part. So that would total something in the $80 million range. What I'd say to you is that, and I don't necessarily talk about sort of third quarter, but I will say we looked at what was happening with bookings in the first few weeks of July very carefully and they came in very strong. So I don't think that there's going to be an issue there for us with any hiccups in the quarter.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Sure. I think for the full year 2018, Steve, the best way to think about that, the headline would be that I'd expect Climate margins to improve say 10, 20 basis points overall. And the pricing is then loaded in. And the productivity is something that across the company I always talk about the health of the pipeline. We look to make sure that 125% of what we need is in the queue. The calendarized version, or the part of the perpetuity pipeline that is being worked comes down to a monthly and quarterly view. And that monthly and quarterly view would support the productivity side. So I would say with bookings where they are and the health of the end markets with pricing, the effectivity of pricing being good, what I mean by that is the pace at which price was received and to the extent we were able to get the price that we were looking for, it's as good as I've seen. The productivity calendarization looks good. When you net that all it out, I think you end up with 10, 20 basis point improvement for the full year implying a pretty good back half.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: 2018, it's not necessarily that material to the company, but the early days has been, it's been excellent. It's been exciting and the teams are off to a great start. They're active in the market and its performing as we would have hoped. So, all systems are go and positive on that front.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Actually, we think Industrial remains strong. Everything is pointing forward. We're looking at probably a two year high now in terms of Industrial productivity. We're seeing strength across the world. We're seeing services grow at about the rate of equipment. So no, I think for the most part we see sort of steady as she goes in Industrial.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, you've got a little bit of that first $50 billion in tariffs coming through in July and August on those two.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: So I think that the safe view of that at this point would be the original guidance we have which is a flat back half. We saw great price effectivity in the second quarter. It was beyond what we thought. But yeah, I think we need to pace ourselves based on changes that happened with tariffs the dates of implementation as how those looks might change. But we think that we're managing it really effectively and that we've got a plan and contingencies around how to manage changes that we would get on the tariff front. By the way, it's not just tariffs; it's inflation. We really have a region for region strategy. And so if you think about the impact we're seeing, it's not so much on the actual tariff. It's on the derivative effect of commodities in the region increasing because they can as a result of tariffs.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, I think the market data was released already, Steve, so we grew share in the quarter. We know that. And if you look across the board, and I know you'd love the detail on this, but let me just tell you that on the Climate segment itself, when you think about the revenue growth rate for the segment, we didn't have more than one point of variance globally across HVAC or transport or residential. So it was really good uniform performance. And then North America specifically, when you look at applied unitary and service, everything there was say 15%, 16% plus growth. And so that was really strong across the whole range which probably tells you what you're asking I think at that point.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: There's not a lot of variability around price effectivity around the globe for us at this point, Jeff, and that's part of, if you will, the surprise here. So the margin improvement in China is going really well and that would've been the point we would've been talking about a couple of quarters ago, but that's going really well. And there's not enough differentiation globally to really kind of point out here in that space. Now, I mean, clearly we're covering and have been covering material inflation in every business with the exception of our global commercial HVAC business and what we're seeing there is that that gap is flattening and improving with the increase that have been put out in the marketplace.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Jeff, we're ready to build and ship more so send us orders and we'll get it to you. Yeah, no, it's a good time and we need to make hay when the sun's shining. We all understand that and that's what's happening. So we don't have any capacity issues at this point in time.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, revenues will be higher because of price, but profit's not up because you're neutralizing cost with price. So there's a arithmetic margin headwind. If you haven't done the math or don't know it, that's fine. Just curious.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Jeff, a good example here is that it's one of the better gross productivity years, if not the best in terms of the absolute dollars that we've ever had. So although the bridge shows that to be flat, that's absorbing 20 basis points of freight in that equation as an example that wouldn't have been planned which will show up a bit in price. So this stuff, to Sue's point, is moving around between price and productivity and it improves in the back half of the year. But to get to the arithmetic math, the arithmetic equation there, we'll follow up with you.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. The market's growing something in the 5% range so we're growing in multiples of the market there. And it's in the areas that we would expect which is the applied systems and some of the larger infrastructure projects and in some of the geographies that we weren't covering as deeply as in the past. So that is the strategy. That's what's being executed. It's being executed very well and the margin profile and linkage to service continues to improve. So it's been a great success. It's probably one of the greatest successes we've had in the past year or so has been that whole strategy and I would expect that to continue.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, same equation in China applies here. We build about 95% of what we sell in China in China and the supply chain's localized. So it's the same equation as we have here region-in-region.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, some of the bigger growers in the quarter would have been applied and it would have been Compression Technology's equipment. So in essence we're building 2019 as we speak. And I would say a lot of that is our view toward building a profile for 2019.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, in terms of the market, we called out Asia specifically and that's true. It was really across all of the oil free technologies which would be centrifugal and oil-free rotary combined. But also strength in some of the quick ship or the quick book and turn business short cycle compressors were strong as well. Service growth across the board is really stepping up. That team has done an outstanding job of taking the operating system for sales excellence and really putting that into how they manage for daily improvement. And so the coverage of the market, the activity we're seeing through that coverage in the market is much stronger than we've seen in the past. So that's part of the playbook that we actually saw from the HVAC China business if you will in terms of how we're thinking about covering the market more fully and differently there. So, but North America was good, was strong as well. We saw that in content coal as a (36:52) technology. We see that in plant there. Centrifugal, sort of going into general industry, that's been good as well.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: No. We wouldn't do that. If we thought it was better, we'd roll that through but that's the roll up we've got at this point in time and some of that's going to be a combination of mix and timing of projects. So I think it's a good forecast where we think the year is going to end at this point.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I mean, we're seeing, again, there's very little variability between unitary, applied, controls and service. It's just a strong healthy global environment for us really all regions of the world. There were no large performance contracts in there and something that would skew the results. That's really important to know. So because you're seeing such strength in applied, you're generally finding longer lead projects. And so if anything, there, again, you're building quarter one, quarter two of 2019 backlog, which we're already well into that based on customer timing.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, really it's the best press price effectivity I've seen in 33 years I've gone through this, both in the urgency to get it done and in the ability to maximize what it was that we were asking for. So the combination of that got us a bit ahead of the curve which is great; further along than we thought we'd be in Q2. And then the ability to absorb the first $50 billion into the pricing that we've put out in the marketplace would be the success there. So it's the copper specifically. We ladder and hedge and so yeah, it's great that things are moving down, but as you enter quarter three in the back half of the year, a smaller percentage of the spend is really in the spot market. We begin to lock that in. So if it continues, we'll see some benefit, but that would be reflected in the locks we would be doing going into 2019 at this point.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, I mean globally as we track proposal activity and we look at what's happening in the market, Nigel, things are strong all over the world for us. And it fundamentally comes down to in most parts of the world, it's a replacement business; 80%, 85% of most of what we're seeing in North America, Europe for sure and the Middle East is going to be replacement business. And even China and some of the newer economies are 50%-50% in terms of replacement, new construction. And so what's happening as when you can build an equation, economic value and a payback related to energy productivity energy efficiency, and if we're able to couple that with a story that helps customers achieve their greenhouse gas emission or sustainability goals, there's a demand creation opportunity out there that's really not factored into how people might look at particular put in place or market data across the globe. So it truly is a secular tailwind tied to this whole nexus of energy efficiency and sustainability. And I think that that's a long lived phenomenon. You heard me in my opening and close that really relates to the fact that I think as you see more urbanization, you see more pressure on energy and the environment and you think about what businesses we're in, where HVAC is such a major contributor to building efficiency and to greenhouse gas emissions followed by transport refrigeration followed by industrial processes, we're in the right businesses to have an impact. And so I think that's a big part of it. The product portfolio, the investments in controls and digital, the investments in the channel really just go to support that model that we think is the right model.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, I mean, services was actually mid-teens and it's so unusual to see when equipment grows mid-teens, you get services growing mid-teens. But it really comes down to the wholesales ASO once (44:29) work being conducted across the company and that bearing fruit really over time. And even parts of the world, historically, places like China where, I can imagine in the next three to five years, you're seeing the same sorts of linkage parity that you're finding in Western Europe and in the U.S. And so, that is certainly impacting service growth. Rental is another one. We think that's an important part of the strategy to be able to backstop customers' uptime requirements, as well as an opportunity to provide seasonal equipment and to create service opportunities through the rental business. And so, that's helping us in that regard as well. As far as Industrial...
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, you're definitely seeing utilization rates across most of the economies in the world increasing up to critical points where you're finding expansion opportunities. So, to me, what's really happening in the Compression Technologies business is the market coverage we're taking on and the investments we're making in covering the service opportunities in the market has taken on a whole different sense of urgency. That connectivity strategy that Todd talked about for really a couple years at this point in time is something that's showing up in the results in a meaningful way.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: No. I think that we could see Q3, Q4. I think these are sort of landing gears down on a couple of these. So I think that quarter three, quarter four would be my guess.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: No. No, it wouldn't. The contribution there is going to be just fine. In gross margins you'd see it a little bit, but contributions will be accretive.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I mean, really, you're seeing applied, which I would link to Institutional, growing at the same rate as unitary, growing at the same rate as service.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Specifically on the deals done, they're integrating well and we're achieving what we thought we would achieve which had a high threshold. So I don't think anything changes with the guidance we gave you around 2018 and 2019 around contribution.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, I mean from a U.S. perspective first, you've got tight shipping capacity, you've got regulatory changes, you've got the impact from U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and we'd expensing, all that's going to drive some opportunity. You're right, I mean, technology is a major difference. If you think about what's going across the road in refrigerated trailer really in a Class A tractor, the need to manage the diesel engine and reduce fuel consumption, to manage the refrigeration cycle, the energy and any greenhouse gas emissions coming off those units and to supplement that with auxiliary power units when the vehicles are idling, it's a big opportunity that I think continues for a long period of time. I mean, ultimately like you're seeing with consumer vehicles, you're going to see more electrification of that over time. And that's certainly what we're doing now with some of the hybrid applications as well as telematics investments that we've made across the portfolio.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, history would say that it doesn't happen, that there isn't disruption over time. And so, I rely a lot on history and I would also rely a lot on the discipline that happens within the industries themselves, and so the structure of the industry. It's something we do look at, but we're not seeing any changes to historical patterns here.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Joel, Club Car was the weakest, just marginally negative and the strongest would've been CTS and material handling, albeit material handling being smaller business, but CTS would have been additive, Club Car would have been dilutive, and power and fluid management right in the hunt there. So that's the rundown there.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, let me do the second part first. Sue can tell you about share buyback. But on the first part, nothing has changed with regard to our methodology, the discipline, about how we're thinking about M&A. I think about 80% of what we look at in M&A are assets that we know and think fit the portfolio. 20% are always the good ideas that come in from additional sources that get evaluated to see if we're missing something or there's a fit. So nothing's changed there with regard to how we look at the pipeline, how we manage it, how we think about it strategically, or how we compare that to other alternatives including share buyback. And Sue, you may want to comment on share buyback.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: You know, I said actually refrigerated freight mile is up about 30%, which is great for our TK business and we were seeing dry freight at that time up in the market about 15%. I didn't actually say what our rate increases were. I did say earlier on the call though that there's a 20 basis point impact in the productivity other inflation bridge that we've got. So if you take that bridge which shows flat, there's a 20 basis point headwind associated with freight in that number. So that's the impact that we're seeing.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: And then – hey, Andrew, and a lot of the productivity initiatives – not a lot, but a number of productivity initiatives in the third and fourth quarter are looking at ideas that we've got around freight and warehousing. And so, that's sort of an exciting thing that we're thinking about. We started that about a year ago. It's a bit fortunate, if you will, that we've got that kind of teed in for the Q3, Q4 of this year so that should help with that equation dramatically.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Nope. We'll ship all you want. Again, send us your orders. We're happy to do that and we've got no problem building them and shipping them.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well we employ a lot of people in China. We've got factories and technology and product built for the market. And so in China, we think about ourselves as a Chinese company. In the U.S., we think about ourselves about it as a U.S. company. Fundamentally we're a global company and we've got to act that way in the markets that we serve. So to your question simply, no. We haven't seen any reaction to that one way or the other.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Have to think about that. There really was a second price increase which would have happened depending on the business kind of midway through the year. So we wouldn't have had a lot in there for meaningfully – I mean, certainly would have looked at material inflation and new news around freight 232 and 301 and we were trying to get on top of that as it was happening. So David, I'll probably have to come back and answer that. But it's not something meaningfully popping out on the bridge to say that that is a such a difference from where we were originally.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: David, I'd probably say, maybe a point to 120 basis points for the full year would be price. Everything else is going to be pretty well volume.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Hey, David, I guess our math's a little bit different too, by the way. I mean, to get to a 10, 20 basis point expansion in Climate for the full year we're going to have to get something like 50, 60 basis points of improvement in the back half of the year. That implied leverage organically of somewhere between let's say 23% and 25%. So we'll at least take...
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: High level, David, I'd say that, as Sue said to you, the 232 and 301 really hit the Climate segment much more, if not almost exclusively with the Industrial business. And so to my mind, you've got more headwind there to offset. There is more price in the back half obviously than there would be in the first half. You've got direct material inflation which continues in the second half to be a bit larger than the first half. But shoring up the math to the raise, we can work with you later on and kind of compare notes.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Yeah, I haven't done the math. But what I would say, Jeff, is when we think about this through the entire P&L is we're not just working off of that equation. We're working off of all of the different elements. And so as we point out to you on productivity, we're continuing to put productivity projects into the pipeline because there are other elements that are inflationary and moving around in the P&L, too. So we can certainly come back to you on that answer. But my general overall answer is I'm going to manage everything that is on the P&L to get to the guidance that we've provided and that we're going to hit for 2018.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Yeah. I think that's right, Joe. And when we think about that, the goal that I would have is to get ourselves to the point where in 2019 that that blended rate gets through our locks and that dollar cost averaging that we're doing on a copper buy comes down overall. So we never lock, as we told you, to the full amount of the commodity, 75% at the beginning of a quarter. So we do get some benefits on any purchase that we're going to make from those prices coming down. But I would look at that as more of an opportunity for 2019 as we go forward. So it's always good because we are always buying all three of the commodities. So we'll certainly take advantage of any price drops that we get.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Well, so what you did see, as we look at the M&A activity that has impacted cash flow in the first half, so $286 million, that is the announcement that, or the committed transactions, the ICS Cool Energy as well as Mitsubishi that we had committed at year end. But I think one of the things that I would do, Rich, just as you think about this is, I'll step you back to almost a capital allocation and sort of broaden out your question, which, as we think about capital allocation we think about investing in the business first, having a strong dividend second, and then having the remainder split off between M&A and share buyback, if the stock's trading below its intrinsic value. If you look at the first half of 2018 and I follow that along. So we've got heavier CapEx in 2018 related to some of the footprint optimization as well as the new product development that I talked about in the prepared remarks. So that's actually $163 million. We've got the dividends that we talked about of $222 million. We've also got the share buyback of $500 million and the M&A of $286 million. So in the first half of the year, we've actually deployed over $1 billion of the excess cash that we've got. And so M&A's a part of it. We're going to continue to look at the pipeline, but I just wanted to take the opportunity to point out how strong the capital allocation has really been in the first half.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Yeah, on the share buyback, the way that we model this, Joel, for purposes of the guidance is absolutely consistent with where we started out the year. So we put a placeholder in for $500 million, which, as you know, we've completed. But that isn't the capital allocation strategy. The capital allocation strategy says we're looking to deploy the excess cash and that we're going to look at the M&A pipeline as well as more share buyback to absolutely finish out the capital deployment for the year. So, the model today with the guidance is consistent with where we started out the year with the $500 million.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: No, because David, the way that I would think about that is with the pricing and generally again, your pricing realization in the neighborhood of 1% to 2% is going to kind of flow through. So it might move the growth slightly but it's not going to be the biggest factor in changing the growth. It's really coming out of the volume that's occurring out of the end market as opposed to pricing, or FX, or acquisitions, which basically are having about the same impact as the original guidance.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Right, but I'm thinking out loud, David, as we go through this. But I think what you have to do with all of this is you can't just parse out a couple of pieces. And it really is important to understand that the majority of the big inflationary items are occurring in the Climate segment of the business and that as we're looking at the Climate segment, itself over the second quarter, you're actually seeing an improvement in the overall margins for the quarter. So we're offsetting the headwinds and continuing to improve margins in the business.
David Raso: Yeah, so that's not all new pricing from the previous guidance, right? That's full year, what you ...
David Raso: I mean the reason I ask is when you look at the segments, and I don't know if it's conservatism or as you said a lot of the inflation's in Climate, but you just raised your revenue guidance for Climate $475 million, but you only raised the EBIT, $46 million right? So basically a 9.7% incremental profit on incremental sales you're now looking for. And that sort of begs the question, are we really seeing price versus cost maintains the margin? Or price of $100 offsets cost of $100? So just to be clear, we're saying price/cost does not erode the margin the rest of the year, especially in Climate or is it – no. It's $100 of cost get offset by $100 of price and yes that does dampen the margin but at least we're offsetting it in dollar terms. It's just the incremental margin on Climate just seems low on what you just raised the sales by.
David Raso: The incremental margin year-over-year, it is 23%, but I'm talking about literally what you just raised in sales and EBIT which you would think is incremental.
David Raso: Well, that's why I asked the pricing question. If it was simple, look, I raised revenue in Climate by you name it, the $475 million. But half of it was price and all I'm doing is offsetting cost, then I can appreciate why the incremental profit on that sales is modest. Right? We're just trying to understand is there conservatism in that number or when you look at Industrial, that same math on the way you raised the sales $114 million, you are dropping through 36% more profits. So is the messaging here that yeah, the inflation's in Climate. That price/cost might be a drag on margin but we're more than making up for it in Industrial and thus the whole company has price/cost, no margin drag.
