Mike Lamach: Yes. Jeff, first, to you and all the folks on the call today, thanks. We’re occupying a lot your time today. So, thanks for the coverage and for following us. The answer to your question really the strategic comparatives don’t change for Climate. The strategic focus around being able to really pinpoint the strategy, the investments and really create the most agile structure that we can come up with from a customer perspective is critical. And then, we’ll continue to invest like we have in innovation and into the channel. So nothing changes. It’s just a sharper focus on running faster and being successful.
Mike Lamach: Nigel, I would say that once we get closer to the actual effect of the spend and ClimateCo giving some guidance, clearly, that quarterly working capital will change a bit because of the seasonality of the business but other than that, Sue’s exactly right on point with 100% or better conversion, which is the goal.
Mike Lamach: We’ve seen a good market so far this year and even with the weather being less supportive, it was still a good quarter for us. So good revenue growth in the quarter, good bookings, good margin expansion. New regulations I’m sure helping with that and also surprising opportunities on new furnished regs. In terms of share, really if you look at any rolling 12 month period, pretty much any quarter over the last 4 years, we’ve gained share and we would have gained share again over the last rolling 12 quarters. So I think it will be for the fifth year in a row that we’ll see pretty significant share gain again.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I think that when you look at the company today, the dyssynergies that we see are about $150 million in terms of how we integrated the company from manufacturing and sourcing to engineering to shared services. And so spinning off a company without something of scale to merge with and develop synergies is a pure headwind. So when you find a situation like this, you got a $250 million synergy opportunity not including the growth side of this but $250 million on the cost side of this thing, it’s really fully offsetting any headwind we have on the dyssynergies also avoiding that public company duplicate startup cost around that and then allowing us to really streamline the way we go to market in the Climate space, Steve. So it takes some timing, some valuations that work, the math has to work and it takes a willing and a good partner. It takes confidence on both sides that the management team going forward can execute on the strategies so that is our confidence in Vicente and the go forward Industrial company team as well as our confidence in the management team at ClimateCo being able to execute that. So all things point to the right valuations, right timing and the right partner to be able to effect a net positive versus a dissynergy number in the math.
Mike Lamach: Well, nothing’s changed in our view that we’ve been talking about for 2 or 3 years around this in terms of the market and consolidation and what could happen between willing partners that want to do that. But I will tell you that strategically, it’s the same place we were and we don’t need to do something, we could if it made sense for shareholders. I think, we’ve got great optionality either way it goes. But it does create a much sharper focus and ability for us to think about being just faster in everything that we do from a customer, and from an innovation perspective. And -- I mean to me, it’s really exciting to think about what’s possible going forward as a -- is a sharper focus to a Climate company.
Mike Lamach: That’s why we try to give a bit more color this quarter around the other pieces of this because when you think about the North American business both res and commercial, it was really an excellent quarter again mid- to high-single-digit growth rates. North America unitary particularly strong. We saw strength in office. We saw a strength in Industrial and a subset of that is really data centers driving that component. We see the manufacturing warehouses, labs as well. Applied, no surprise there that continues to be running incredibly well with great backlog and great order rates. Even China sequentially, and this would apply both to the Industrial businesses and the HVAC businesses showed sequential progress in the quarter where we came out of March with strong bookings and some healthy optimism around that. Europe was a little bit weaker but there’s a lot going on and weaker -- I mean, Europe, and I think that from an HVAC perspective in Europe, we’ll continue to capitalize on the mega trends that are driving growth outside sort of the general economy. But it has impacted things around Transport and some of the Industrial economy in Europe as well. The Industrial markets seem to be doing okay, as well. There again is some moderation in China, which we felt was positive. U.S. Industrial productivity remained strong. Capacity utilization’s at record levels in the U.S. CapEx projections in the U.S. are low single digits so it supports our forecast there. In the EU, the PMI didn’t decelerate further so that’s I guess a bit of a win that had sort of plateaued, flattened. In China, PMI, it’s still down again but it was up sequentially so things are looking better I think in China.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Julian, too. I guess, last thing I’d say is if there is place probably in the guidance where there could be opportunity, it’s certainly in price cost, which we continue to surprise ourselves with what we’re able to affect there and still continue to gain share in the process. So we’re careful about that but that’s going very well.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Julian, I think one way to think about it is, it’s a little bit like the Applied business. Right now, you’re booking this -- in this backlog. You’ve got great visibility into it, when you take out the noise of the compares on the bookings because of Transport, you end up with this mid-single-digit revenue stream, which looks pretty solid through 2020.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I mean, starting with China, its demand strengthened throughout the quarter and it’s a maybe testament to what’s been happening with the direct sales strategy to drive those above market rates. In China, generally, we saw acceleration in even auto and pharma. So that was a positive. And it was less concern both in HVAC and in the compressor business around exporter activity. So it’s certainly a more positive constructive environment there. The rest of Asia with the exception of Taiwan is pretty good for HVAC. So India, Indonesia, Vietnam, all -- Thailand, all positive. Just Korea is a bit weak for us there. Europe continued to outperform the market. It’s not really so much connected to GDP as it is connected to the regulations and around some of the transformation there. We’re doing very well in Latin America but it’s difficult because if you think about the currency translation there, you get hurt in a lot of places but it’s a healthy business in Latin America from an organic perspective. And the U.S, continues to be strong and I think will stay strong for the balance of the year in all aspects of the HVAC business.
Mike Lamach: Again, first, it’s hard, Andrew. We don’t really forecast sort of that way around orders, it’s really around the pipeline. So Sue, I don’t know if you’ve done the math on that.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Andrew, I think, to that point, add color, we’ll just need to provide more color, so I don’t think the story is going to be in the headline bookings, it’s going to be understanding the health of the components and HVAC in a totally different trajectory and globally, on a different by region trajectory than it would be for Transport North America. We’ve just gone through heck of a boom here in the ‘18 and early ‘19 timeframe. So we’ll give more color to help you understand that.
Mike Lamach: Well, it’s been a great success, the JV itself. So, it’s been something that I’m glad we did. In fact, I’m heading to Japan next week and look forward to sitting down with the CEO and going through the performance at this point but we couldn’t be any happier with what has transpired at this point in time. But really in our view number one in the market particularly where we participate together, we’re number one. And the dynamics are the same where you’re seeing good ductless growth in the U.S, slightly above the ducted revenues and you’re seeing ducted revenues outside the U.S. and typically ducted markets growing faster than ductless revenue. So it goes to the theory that at the end of the day, it’s going to be companies and channels that can sell a full suite of products and services that are going to win. So I’m very happy with that joint venture and I would say it’s exceeding expectations.
Mike Lamach: Well, we do a lot of -- by our self today. I guess that probably helps to put some color on that. For really sort of the premium end of the market, Trane Mitsubishi is what we’re going with. For the entry-level point in the market, we’ve got everything from making it ourselves, doing both variable refrigerant and variable waterflow systems along with ducted offerings in Europe, that we produce ourselves all the way through to some source product we use in various applications around the world. But when we think about the premium offering, that’s going to be a Trane Mitsubishi offering for us. If there’s a lot of segmentation here, which I appreciate the question because that is an important factor is understanding the segmentation of the market and make sure we’ve got a product and a solution for every part of the world and every price point that we need to plan.
Mike Lamach: No. We killed that in quarter one. So no, we’re good to go. I wouldn’t put anything in the model that’s not -- that’s -- if that one’s complete. Run the ground.
Mike Lamach: Well, I mean, this has been a factor, I think, competitively and I think we’ve been able to win by being able to have the capacity or at least change the playbook and have the playbook with different tack times to be able to hit different customer demand patterns. And so this was played out well and I’m really proud of what our whole team has been able to accomplish there. And it’s been tremendous growth and we’ve wrecked the wall through that. With that being said, sure, I mean, you’ve got suppliers that are stressed and some situations where we’re needing to pay extra -- needing to pay extra close attention and in some situations where we’re needing where we can to be able to carry more inventory.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Services and controls are actually -- continue in both the CTS business and in the HVAC business globally exceed equipment growth rates. And the strategies there are working. And our controls growth rate continues to be kind of that the double-digit growth rate. And it’s not unusual, I mean, everything you’re seeing in terms of products and systems today going as a system controls in our view is really part and parcel to a system that we sell.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I think Tim, you’re saying for res, commercial, and TK, do we expect margins to increase? And we do across all 3 of the sub portfolios in Climate. To your second question, I think we’re looking for an answer on that.
Mike Lamach: Well, it’s potentially, yes. If you ask the presidents running the businesses, they will tell you it’s really outsized but from our point of view, they’re all doing what they need to be doing and they’re doing a great job. So no, there’s nobody -- there’s 3 gold medals, that’s what we’re going to hand out at the end of the year.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Well, I’d say cycles are not telling the story anymore, I mean, you’ve got to look at the regulations and what’s happening in various parts of the world. You’ve got to think about 1 billion more people coming into the middle class and needing air conditioning and the demands on power in the grid and sustainability of all that. You’ve got to think that 15-plus percent of greenhouse gas emissions are happening through HVAC systems. And if you fast-forward and we do nothing about it, 25% would be through air conditioning in homes and buildings by 2030 on that larger population urbanizing. So the way to solve that I mean, is to do what we’re doing. I mean we alone with the technology we have today that can cut out 2% of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions just by doing what we’re doing today by 2030. And you can imagine if 50 other companies join that, you wouldn’t have a problem or at least the problem would be totally recast. So I think this is totally different. And then if I take it down to sort of ground-level today, I mean, this is why the services businesses are so critically important and wants to help counter these mini-cycles around what happens with office building or institutional in one part of the world or some geopolitical disruption in the part of the world. We’re left to deal with those but long term, whatever those sort of mini-cycles are, the trend is up into the right about what needs to happen in the world between now and say, 2050 for that matter.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I mean, it is normal for us. If anything you might have seen, well, it depends on what competitor is launching the furnace platform when and when their pricing increases go into effect and you can get some disruptions from quarter-to-quarter. But the right way to look at that is not quarter-to-quarter, it’s over a long period of time, a rolling 4 quarters makes a lot more sense on that. With all that being said, I continue to like our strategy. We’ve continued to penetrate the market with brands at various price points, with staying in front of regulations, with fully utilized, very efficient plant and supply chain structures. So, we’re going to keep on doing what we’re doing and competitors are going to do what they do. But frankly, through the first quarter, everything looked great. I mean, sort of price realization, cost position, bookings, revenue, there was nothing but positive news there from our point of view.
Mike Lamach: Yes, the easiest way to think about that is those larger projects really have the kitchen sink costed into them. So on a contribution basis, we’re making sure it’s accretive with the margins that we’re trying to post from an op income standpoint. So the gross margins may be lower but you’re really -- talking about all-in costs stand to execute. So I don’t think you see any dip on operating margins.
Mike Lamach: Well, there’s a lot of the year left. When you’re talking about something less than 15% in the quarter, I think there’s a natural hesitation to go out on a limb. I think it’s given us the confidence to raise the top end of our guidance but I think we’d really need to see something more than the second quarter. You’re really looking to see July and August to dramatically change that, Nicole. But I think the first leg of this is a lot of confidence in the first quarter to go to high-end of the range. That’s not something we typically do.
Mike Lamach: It’s all in. It’s assuming that PFS with our Industrial portfolio is merged into Gardner Denver and the total of all of the combinations is $250 million.
Mike Lamach: No. It wouldn’t have anything to do with the RMT structure. I mean, the way that 2 important issues that would be looked at, it had to be looked at independent. So when you think about PFS being something that for a long time, we thought was a great fit with our Fluid business. We had to be prepared in that process, in that process’ timing and to be successful. And then concurrently and somewhat in parallel as we are having discussions with GDI around the RMT structure, you’re thinking about, well, look, if I’m successful one way or the other depending on timing, does it make sense in combination, if you will, the 3 businesses, GDI’s business, PFS’s business and our Industrial segment and the answer is, yes. So we felt like, look, we need to get after that asset because there’s no guarantee that we come into an agreement with GDI and if that’s the case, we’re going to still build a bigger Fluid Management organization and go forward. And if we did, then it’s going to be even more productive in terms of putting that combination together, particularly with their Medical segment, which is a lot in common. So we figured we couldn’t really loose in that so we had to work within the processes we’re working in.
Mike Lamach: Yes, it’s a -- the answer to your question is no, there’s no restrictions to us but it is complex and nuanced and to have a full sort of discussion on this would depend on the situation itself. And it’s probably best left toward the end of the transaction or maybe in some disclosures. But to answer your question broadly, no, there is no encumbrances or restrictions about how we run the company going forward.
Mike Lamach: And Deane, maybe to piggyback on the segment question, I mean the way that we think about this is an opportunity to create an organization that is how we want to manage the organization, I mean how we want to lead the organization in an as efficient and agile a way as we possibly can. From that, some segmentation will pop-out of that but you’ve really got to go through the hard work of looking at all the designs going forward. Frankly, that’s the exciting part of what we’re doing. We really can take a clean sheet of paper and think pretty boldly about that and then however the segmentations spills out of that would be the way we run the business.
Sue Carter: Yes, Jeff. No. That’s not what they were intending. So the $450 million is the cost to achieve the synergies and then they have an additional $100 million that is their advisers and their cost to actually separate the Ingersoll Rand and include the Ingersoll Rand businesses and all their stuff. So in other words, they’ll have tax and all of those things as well and then it came out that way simply because they’re taking the name. But that is their cost, onetime cost of the transaction and the $450 million is the cost of achieving the synergies.
Sue Carter: So, the answer, Nigel, is there is not a significant difference between the Climate businesses and the Industrial businesses. So, what we challenged the businesses with and actually they deliver is achieving 100% of operating income as their operating cash flow. And then, as I look through that and convert operating cash flow into free cash flow, again, they’re both in sort of that 1% to 2% range on CapEx. From a tax rate perspective, I would call tax for Climate to be slightly on the lower end of our range and Industrial slightly higher. But what you end up with as I parse through all of that is that both of those businesses deliver about 100% of net income on free cash flow.
Sue Carter: And Steve, if I can add a broad comment on top of the excellent color that Mike gave. If you think about Transport orders throughout 2018, they got tough comps going in all of those quarters. I would also say that if you think about the enterprise and where our growth came from in 2018, the second quarter, I don’t care which business you have is a tough comp when you look at it. So again, that’s not to indicate that we’re not going to have great bookings growth but those tough Transport comps are going to be there and the second quarter was a particularly high enterprise type of growth in 2018. So tough comps.
Sue Carter: So Julian, as you think about it, what is going to happen in actuality is you’re going to start lapping the price in the second quarter. So in other words, the great pricing that we saw carryover from 2018 into 2019, we should go throughout the year. And you’ve got tougher compares on the overall pricing dynamic, which is why we talked about that price cost really sort of moderates as you go throughout the year and gets you back more into that 20 to 30 basis points spread type of environment. And again, you’ve got a first quarter we’ll see what happens as we go into the cooling season but it really is the pricing comparisons and the material inflation sort of staying where it’s at.
Sue Carter: Yes. It’s always the productivity. We’re going to get more ideas as we go throughout the year and it does ramp up. So it balances throughout the portfolio between price and material inflation and productivity and other inflation.
Sue Carter: Yes. So I guess I would start the conversation by saying that with the amount of backlog that we build in North America trailer and in APUs throughout 2018 and again in the first quarter of 2019, we’ve got really solid footing on revenues going into 2020. So the only point on the tough comps was that there wasn’t just one quarter of Transport bookings. So I would expect just as you said that we’ll see strong North America revenues coming off of the backlog that we have in North America and APUs. Europe is going to be slightly impacted by Brexit and perhaps not as strong with the backlog and the overall orders. So now you say Transport’s going to have a very good year in 2019 and 2020.
Sue Carter: Yes. So, as you think about how we thought about price costs going throughout the 2019 period is we obviously, had some tailwind coming off of the 2018 pricing. And we obviously, have left the tariffs that we put in the original guidance in. So they might have moved out a month and that might have created a little bit of less material inflation, if you will, in that guidance but it’s not significant. So again, what we talked about when we gave the guidance and what we’ve continued to talk about is that if the tariffs don’t materialize, our pricing will adjust. If the tariffs materialize, or they’re greater or there’s more inflation we’ll adjust as needed, but the pricing that’s in there is our normal pricing for what we see. And again, if the tariffs don’t materialize, we’ll not do price increases to cover something that didn’t actually happen, if that makes sense.
Sue Carter: Yes. I think, Andrew, when you think about it. If you just did modeling with those comparisons, you’ve also got a large HVAC order that was in Q4. So if I pull that out as well as the Transport pieces, again, you’re going to get enterprise bookings that are going to average out. So I don’t really see an issue with that in the back half of the year. So what I pointed out to you is that Transport had heavy orders throughout the year in 2018 and tough comps but the overall business had a really excellent booking quarter in the second quarter but also the fourth quarter had the large commercial HVAC order. So if you take that noise out of there, I think we have very good bookings. And if you think about Q1, I mean, you had Q1 bookings that exceeded our revenue, the 105% ratio, that bookings ratio, book-to-bill ratio that I talked about so I wouldn’t get concerned about that. I think it’s just more color for your expectation.
Sue Carter: So, the answer is no, there is no impact on free cash flow and no, there is no restrictions on our ability to buy back shares if the price is below our intrinsic value going forward. No.
Sue Carter: TBD, we’ll do some work on how we want to structure all of that going forward, Deane. So don’t have a definitive answer on that but we’ll come back to you as soon as we do have one of those. I’d also like to add on your previous question, the tax-free nature of the spin is really a condition of the actual transaction closing, not anything that would impact the Climate business. And if the tax-free nature didn’t happen, it would impact the transaction not ClimateCo. Just so you’re clear.
