Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Thanks, Sue. As we conclude, I want to emphasize a few points that I think are important for you to have as takeaways as we head into the final quarter and into 2017. First, we're performing well with a solid strategy punctuated with excellent execution over time. As a result, we have delivered consistent, reliable top tier financial performance on organic growth, EPS growth and cash flow over industrial and climate cycles. Second, our management team is effective in anticipating and seeing around the corners. Our commercial HVAC business is strong and focused on the right growth areas with equipment, controls and service. We believe we have turned the corner with our Industrial segment, and starting to realize margin improvement versus the quarter 2 trough. And our Transport Refrigeration business is resilient. Our team is capturing margin expansion, despite downward sales. Finally, we're building a stronger, more valuable, more sustainable and less cyclical Ingersoll-Rand. The results we reported today are a direct result of the strategic work, persistence and tenacity of the talented people that represent the unique culture we've built. I'm proud of our people, who continue to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. Our momentum is strong as we conclude the year and head into 2017. And with that, Sue and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, maybe like a tenth of a point, Nigel was the difference. So, the good people here would not allow me to round that up, as they should not have allowed me to round that up. But that's the difference.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: They were largely institutional, but we're seeing them around the world, there are some large lumpier projects. So, it's difficult to always know the exact timing but the pipeline looks pretty strong going into 2017. So, the backlog 2016 ending will be greater than it was of course 2015 ending and then we've got a good pipeline coming into 2017. So, we feel like the earlier comment about 2017 looking a little bit more like 2016 with perhaps more institutional tailwind and if anything a little less of the commercial headwind will net out to a pretty good year.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, Nigel. First, when you think about the TK unit itself, you've got North America down maybe as much as 20%, you've got APUs down, you've got global marine down, pretty much everything else is going to go up. That's North American truck, truck and trailer and Europe and Asia, air, aftermarket, bus and rail should all go up. So, there's a chance that TK pulls off something close to mitigating that. But when you back away and look across the company, institutional is going to be strong. We think industrial margins will recover. So, there's a lot of levers to pull inside the company and a lot of confidence in the teams that we've got across the company to make it work. We see EPS growth next year. So, that's how I would look at it initially.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Hi, Julian. So, let me start with the quarter, that we've got in North America. You can add about 20% or so to Europe and the rest of the world in terms of trailer. Truck is a little less than 20%, aftermarket is a little bit less than 20%, APU in container are high single-digits, bus, air and rail are low double-digits. So, we've got North American trailer down, we feel pretty good about our plans, pipeline and the other businesses with the exception of marine container, which we don't think will recover much next year.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I think one of the things we wanted to highlight for you was that in the last five years and we could go probably a little bit longer than that, but 18% per annum cash flow return on invested capital, we're doing well. So, even with the timing on Cameron not being great, we didn't lose a beat last year and we're not losing a beat this year in maintaining a strong cash flow ROIC. The kinds of things that seem to populate the list for us would be channel investments and product extensions where we're selling products through existing channels that we have today with the sales force that we have today. There's a healthy pipeline of that, probably 50-50, I think across channel versus product and it's important to be patient there. They would be more accretive if they can be closed, don't say share buyback at this level. So, the optionality is important to wait it out to make sure that we do the right thing.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Jeff, we're seeing flattening really, not improving markets, flattening markets and easier comps coming into 2017, but a lot of what we'll do in 2017 is improve margins to the op excellence restructuring and cost activity. And then, very good product launches coming in this quarter, fourth quarter and next year as well and that's really our game plan for Industrial for 2017. We are not counting on a broad based Industrial recovery though.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I'd say, it's largely energy efficiency retrofits replacing old antiquated systems with newer systems and those projects can get very large. So we'll see it from universities to healthcare to municipalities, state governments, federal installations. This is pretty much the market that we anticipate continuing into 2017.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: So, I'm going to punt that down the road here a little bit for us to be honest. We want to dial in what North American trailer volumes will be. We're going to probably set around a 20% down number, and make sure we don't do anything. In the event that it's only down 10% or if it's down 30% we want to optimize the cost structure to match it. So, I know that if it's down 15%, we're working a plan to be relatively flat. We'll see as we get closer and dial this in, but we need a few more months on this before we can really come back to you on that.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. Really, it's the volume running through Industrial's so low on the large equipment, which is where the big heavy fixed costs tend to sit. So it's more volume dependent. If you look at what's actually flowing through there's good productivity on that lower volume. So, Steve, the long story short is volume helps productivity, cost reductions we've taken need volume to apply them to and that's – it needs to happen in the Industrial business. But look, fundamentally, you'll see us turning up the gas again in 2017, and we'll make sure the pipeline – we try to keep the pipeline 125% of what we think it needs to be. We try to calendarize that by quarter. So what we're doing now and we do every month is to make sure that we've got that pipeline lined up to be 125% of where we want it to be for our plan, allowing for things to break or timing to be different.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I think the combination of the regulatory effect and the thought about getting in front of that when customers have the opportunity. Plus, from our point of view, there's a passion at the company around energy efficiency and sustainability. I think you hear that every time you talk to us. That combination I think is helping our people in the field make the story more compelling. And I do think it's led to why we're seeing share gain globally across the board.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah you're seeing some of the smaller equipment growing, which is a good sign. You're still seeing really severe contractions in large machines. But we're ready to lap that, I think, next quarter and so that's why I think it's going to stabilize where it is. And you're seeing a still good growth in oil-free machines and contact cooled machines that would be supplied into pharma, food and bev in particular, markets which – again, the earlier comments I made, were really trying to direct more of that proactive activity into the markets that are actually growing. We don't see a lot of relief coming in iron, steel, air separation, those sorts of markets.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: I'd say it's exactly that, Andy. It's exactly what you just said, it's North America trailer, APU and marine as being weak and not really a surprise. We've been thinking about this really all year. We thought it would actually be earlier in the year, it's actually the back half of the year. But certainly, that's the change really as you come through now the final quarter.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: I would hope not. We're trying to look at crop yields and other fundamental factors that determine if you're going to see produce and food and perishables move. So, structurally, you're getting to a pretty low level here.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. It's the typical way is it does evolve. It really is always kind of a K through 12 led institutional recovery, and then it moves up through higher ed, through healthcare and then eventually with state, city and federal projects. And a lot of that is based on just property values, the ability to tax against those values and have bonds pass local city vote. And so, you're into that cycle here now. It's still about 25% below where it was last time on a volume basis. So, there's quite a bit of room I think on the institutional side to continue to grow.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. Maybe to step back even one step further, I mean, the first thing we want to do is make sure that we are absolutely investing in the business fully and I can check the box and say we're absolutely doing that. I can check the box and say, we've now put the dividend in a good place relative to the peer group and we're proud of that. So, it really does come down to what do you do with the other pieces of this thing and if you think about it over the long run, roughly half of the cash going to either acquisition or share buyback. We'd certainly like to grow the company, but we're not going to do that at the expense of making a poor capital allocation decision. So, what you see right now is a large number of channel and potential product expansion investments that might fit the portfolio. If we could close, they would be worth the – the juice is worth the squeeze on those, so that's really why you're seeing us hold back here. Now, with all that being said, we've continued for at least seven years I guess now that I have been saying this, always controlling dilution of the share count, so Sue alluded to the fact that's roughly 2.5 million to 4 million shares and we'll continue to make sure it's part of the program going forward.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, mix matters, Josh. I mean, definitely, if you look at the high margin material handling and tools businesses, they matter a lot. But if you look at a normal mix that we would've seen sort of pre-downturn, about 70% of the downturn that we've seen has been volume related, the balance being some currency and then some mix. So fundamentally, we do need volume to return, but with that being said, if volume doesn't return next year, and we have the same mix of business that we have today. We have a healthy expectation to expand margins in 2017 in the Industrial business based on the actions we know we can take at these low levels of volumes. And we'll be bold about that and you'll see us commit to that probably in February.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. Josh, I don't have an exact split for you, but I'm amazed at the size of equipment and controls orders that we are getting that are not performance contract based like the Chunnel tunnel and I can name a handful of sort of marquee projects like that. So we are winning a lot of that sort of work and we are loading up on that work as well. With that being said, performance contracting is an interesting place for us to play and there is a healthy amount of pull through that comes both not just in equipment but in service. Performance contracts always have a healthy service component that comes along with the guarantee.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: It's going to be large applied and performance contracting, and so it will be equipment and controls and service with and without an energy guarantee is the way to think about that.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Robert, I'll tell you, I don't have a public point of view that's primetime at this point. So, good try, I appreciate the last question is one more shot at it. But we're putting our plans together now and there is a pivotal process at all companies to put that together, so I don't want to sort of put an end here too soon on that, but we understand what top quartile will be, we understand what our goals are, what our operating system is set out to do. And so, there is not a lot of acrimony inside the company to understand what good performance looks like. That's what you'd expect for us next year, and I'll dial that in as we get closer into next year.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: So, Steve, let me start out with the industrial comment and the fourth quarter. So, you're correct that the operating income is about flat, but what you have is a dynamic in the fourth quarter where you really have more of the large compressors on a year-over-year basis. It's going to be a tough comparison. (34:58) going to be one of those areas, you have tools and material handling, which are high margin businesses that are going to be down on a year-over-year basis. So, in essence, you're going to have a volume challenge. You're also going to have some investments that are occurring in some of the business. For instance we're doing some investments in the Club Car business as well as in new products for the CTS business. So, it's really a story about volume and investment and a little bit less on the Industrial side with commodities, but also some impact there.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: Yes. Free cash flow, that's a great question. So what we've done in 2016 is we've really changed the way that free cash flow has come in. So every quarter as we've started out 2016, we've had positive cash flow as opposed to having everything really backend loaded. So again, I think where we're at at $992 million at the end of the third quarter, is fabulous. We brought it forward and we brought it forward by paying attention to things like terms on accounts receivable, making sure that accounts receivable is balanced with accounts payable terms across the globe, with working through inventories and making sure inventories were there to serve the customer, but not too much to have additional product on hand. So we've really managed this very, very carefully. And so what you see in the fourth quarter is really that instead of doing heroics to end the quarter, we've normalized it, which is really how we want to operate the business and how we want our cash flow to come in.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: So, let me comment on the general business first. So, Steve, as we're going through and we're looking at the business, we still see strength in the commercial business for next year. We see strength in the residential business going into next year. We'll see improving margins coming out of the industrial business. So, we're going to get some good play on that. We're going to remain focused in terms of the price cost spread. We know we'll have a few headwinds on the steel side, but we'll still have a bit of deflation that occurs on the basis of copper that we already have locked-in and some of the aluminum that we have locked-in for 2017. We're also going to hit productivity really, really hard in the business, that's part of our hallmark of our operational excellence, and we're going to offset inflation. We're going to continue to press on corporate. So earnings per share growth next year on – I think is going to come from all of the different parts of the business, as well as tax. Now, tax is something that we're really proud of, and we're really proud of because it's – we started to talk about a low 20%s tax rate earlier in the year, we got there faster than we expected, but we got there by really doing what we call operationalizing tax. Which is basically we assign tax partners to each of our SBUs, they're working projects within the SBUs to actually work down the effective tax rate. Things like trading hubs, things like energy credits, things like really legal entity simplification. So, we've really operationalized that, I think it's kind of cutting edge. I still don't think our tax rate is going to go below the low 20%s, I think that's where it should be. So, yes, we'll get some tailwind out of that going into 2017 because I think the low 20%s is where we project the rate. But I think, it's operational also and something I think that's really good for Ingersoll-Rand.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: It's Sue. Our pension I believe as we look at it at this point is going to be flat for year-on-year in terms of pension expense, so I know a lots of people are calling headwind on pension because of discount rates falling and of course obviously ours are down 75 basis points from year end also. But I think with the way that we have the portfolio setup with the asset returns that we've got, my expectation is that we are going to be flat.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: What we're focused on is really exactly what you said that the EBIT growth should be the free cash flow growth, and that's exactly what's happening in 2016 is, the operating income growth is falling through, our percentage on working capital is remaining true. We are not having to invest heavily in terms of capital, but we're also doing all of the projects and all of the items that our businesses bring forward that make financial sense. And so, if we can keep that rigor going, that is exactly the model we want which is see the EBIT flowing through.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: Yeah. So, let's talk about the fourth quarter first. So you are right if you do the math and you have an 80 basis point spread for the year it would get you to flat to maybe 20 basis point spread in the fourth quarter. But what we see happening and again the third quarter came out better than we had hoped at 60 basis points which was really about 50-50 materials equation and the other price. As we start to look at 2017, I think what 2017 does is it reverts to what we've said all along which is that we would have a 20 basis point to 30 basis point spread between price and cost and as you start to look at commodities for 2017, so steel has moved around a little bit. We saw an increase earlier in the summer to over $800 a ton. We currently see spot prices back in the $700 range. So, we have about a six-month time lag between when those prices move around and when we see it. Translated, that means I am going to see some steel inflation in the fourth quarter as well as probably the first quarter of 2017. However, I still continue to see tailwinds coming out of copper and aluminum going into 2017, helping us to offset that balance. So, we have line of sight to what we think the commodities are going to do and therefore we have line of sight to what our costs are, so that we can price per our operating model with top line margin expansion and get back to the 20 to 30 basis points for the year.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: And I think what you're seeing, Shannon this is another point on that is, we're going to be patient with this and with the cash that we have, because we really want to create long-term value. We'd really like to invest in some of these opportunities, to your point some of them in the smaller size with channel investments, but also in new products. And so, it doesn't mean that we are going to just make an either or decision, we're being patient with the cash that's on the balance sheet and we're finding the best opportunities, but we want to let some of those M&A opportunities flavor a little bit and see if we can close them, because we think that's important too.
