Steve Shawley: Yes Jeff, we talked about this in December. We talked about a refinancing we’re planning in the middle of the year. We’re planning on refinancing the Z-tranche that’s due, I think it’s in August, and probably another $300 million on top of that to take care of the cash associated with the spin costs, restructuring, etcetera. So what that will do is that will free up most of the $1.1 billion to go towards the share repurchase throughout the year. 
Steve Shawley: Yes, for us Jeff, you’ve got to look at Western Europe, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. So when we look at that collectively, we’re really saying the Middle East will be up again mid-single digits, maybe a little bit better. Eastern Europe, Europe up maybe a little bit less than that and still a fairly weak Western Europe.  So net-net we’re not expecting great things out of Europe, but we do think coming off the lows that we saw, we should see just a little bit of latter year growth, and that’s supported with what we’re hearing from long term customers. 
Steve Shawley: Let me just address the numbers question first Shannon. In 2013 we expect the corporate unallocated costs to be somewhere in the $180 million range, about $45 million a quarter, and don’t forget, we’re making heavy investments in common systems throughout all of this. If we really ramp that up this year – in fact, some of the story about corporate costs in Q4 was common systems related, so that’s a big piece of the increase in 2013.  We also are seeing an up-tick in pension and benefit costs, and we have some technology costs falling out, associated with the technology centers that are managed by Paul Camuti here in the corporate center. That’s what really seized up the increase in 2013, and like Mike said, we’ve pulled all the deal costs out of 2013. So that increase is not really deal cost related.  I think if you look at the glide path of corporate costs going into the future, some of the restructuring obviously is going to have the impact corporate overheads. Also, you look at the common system spend sort of tapering down through 2015 and ‘16, I would say we’d hit likely the peak of the spend for systems in late ‘14, early ‘15. So you’ll see that start to come down with the abatement of the systems projects unit. 
Steve Shawley: Well, we’re working on the stranded costs here. This is part of what we’re doing with restructuring that we’re talking about for quarter one and going forward. So we are dealing with that now, but clearly there’s going to be additional public company costs for new securities out in the marketplace.  So I mean just for right now the placeholder is $180 million for the year, and we’ll update you going forward as to how much of the stranded costs will be addressed and with the standalone cost with security, once we filed the Form 10’s. 
Steve Shawley: And Julian, the ‘13 guidance includes a positive gap between productivity and other inflation. It’s not quite as big as what we achieved in 2012, simply because the pricing is a little heavier, things like employee benefit costs, healthcare costs affecting that line, so a little bit of a contraction, but still a very positive gap. 
Steve Shawley: Fourth quarter tax accounting is always an adventure Deane. If you look at last year, a huge positive adjustments or favorable adjustments in our NOLs got valued in Q4. That goes on every year-end.  So if I look at the fourth quarter tax rate, we were a little bit favorable on the ongoing rate. The distribution of income was kind of in our favor. So if I look at the $0.06 or $0.07 delta there, it’s about half associated with a slightly favorable rate for the year, and the rest of it is the fact that we had the chance to value some NOLs around the world. Much less of a pickup than we got last year when we did that, but it’s just something that happens every quarter, and it adds potentially a lot of volatility to the tax rate.  All-in-all, I’m very pleased with how that fell out. It was definitely within our parameters or expectation of the ongoing rate and we just picked up a few favorable pinnings from the NOL valuations. 
Steve Shawley: So if you look at the rate going from ‘12 to ‘13 Deane, it’s really based on the earnings, the increase of earnings in the U.S. primarily, it’s going to cause a pickup in the rate. So that’s kind of the ins and outs of that. 
Mike Lamach: Longer-term Shannon, we would target $180 million to be the summation of the two standalone companies, but that’s going to go through a little bit of a peaking here in ‘14 and ‘15, because of the systems projects, and probably ramp back down to that normalized level after we get through that. 
Mike Lamach: I can. I mean I’ve got the data here for the put-in-place, institutional versus industrial. You’re asking specifically how do we factor into play into those things.  This gets a little bit back into my comment about being selective around growth markets and platforms, and going where the business is growing, as opposed to sort of maybe what the historical mix has been. So the investments that we’ve made in the unitary product have been really targeted toward the growth we’ll see in the commercial and office space, as an example.  So we got on that faster, looking at this data from a longer-term perspective, understanding there would be an opportunity in that market, as opposed to addressing markets that just weren’t going to grow, and so these pockets of growth are a lot more important to us than where the exposure has been historically. We see still great growth in data centers, which is another market that we are looking to address with more and more content as we approach those markets specifically.  So not to evade your question. We have historically been a bit more institutional tipped than commercially tipped, but we are working that really to where the markets are growing and security is a great example of that. They put in place a very, very effective program to get after a particular market niche where we weren’t really penetrating, put a very specific set of programs together to address a channel need, and drove tremendous success in North America in the security business in the fourth quarter.  So it is possible in over a two, three quarter period of time to move ourselves into these pockets and address them a little bit differently. 
Mike Lamach: Yes. I think to do that, to have it be apples and apples, we would pull restructuring out of both sides, right? So we pulled restructuring out of 2013, we pulled it out of 2012. So I’d kind of give you those numbers ex-restructuring, both just to help you apples to apples.  But climate, in spite of the TK softness, we’ll probably see 40 to 60 basis points of margin improvements there; industrial, I may see 50 to 70 there; res, we’re looking for more like 125 to 175. We think there’s still great opportunity there to do something more dramatic.  In security, they’re just going to do a great job executing where they are at. They’re going to be fairly flattish, depending on the mix, which could go more towards Asian markets or a slight recovery in Europe. You might see it down as much as 40 basis points, but it will continue to be just an exceptional margin earner for the company. 
Mike Lamach: No, I think you hit it on the head. You put the sales and salespeople together at an event and it’s pretty exuberant. So it’s not going to be a horrible market, no doubt about that, but we just go back to the data, look at the put-in-place numbers, look at it by segment of the institutional, by segment of commercial industrial and then compare that to where we’ve got specification activity, where we’ve got quotes outstanding; what the ABI are saying, and then lag that and you just end up where we’re at.  So I think we were pretty close this past year. I think we’ve got a good methodology in that business for doing fairly accurate forecasts there. So I just see it overall as being sort of a low moderate growth market for us. 
Mike Lamach: Service will probably grow twice as fast, but that’s been history, and we’ll continue to grow service and invest in that footprint to help offset some of that cyclicality. 
Mike Lamach: I have to say I want to give no guidance on January, okay? So to answer your question, no, I’d want to just talk about the month. So glad we’re through the fiscal cliff and we’ll see what happens with round two in Congress, and I think our forecast reflects a bit more of the status quo. 
Mike Lamach: Yes, Josh. We had a very good 2012 collectively. So quarter-to-quarter you get these aberrations, but 2012 res, shares, volumes, margin improvements, just health of the product portfolio, talent in the business, it’s been a very good year for us.  Let me talk to you about the quarter specifically, because there’s a lot of nuance here that went on in the quarter. So on the call, I mentioned we were down low-single digits versus last year. Now shipments would have been flat, obviously because the mix changed for us.  When you add back sort of the change in inventory levels, and the fact that we were really pushing $90 million of inventory out through last year, and mostly 410-A, you end up with a high single digit market for us.  I think Steve mentioned we were the only guys that didn’t have a fourth quarter price increase in pulling shipments in, and we know of one large OEM that had that effect that you had to actually ship before November, over concerns of a factory closure are one of the larger factories closing. So there was a lot there, but between pricing, competitively pulling it into the year, and then our own reconciliation, you have to do between ‘11 and ‘12.  What I will tell you, and that’s probably the way to keep sanity in this, is that we’re about 50-50 owned versus independent distribution. So our shipments in revenue reflects final sell through on the owned side versus a couple of other OEMs who are 100% independent going through wholesale.  When you compare that to the Hardy Data, the sell-through for quarter four by month was up 11.6% in October. It moderated to 6% in November. It was actually down, it was negative 1.8% in December, and all that gave you a 5.7% sell-through for the quarter, right? So if I look at the 5.7% sell-through for the quarter, and look at us apples-to-apples being up single digits, and the fact that Hardy’s indicator level for inventories was up, okay in the quarter, I feel pretty good about that and think we are really well-positioned coming into 2013.  So Josh, I feel good about it and unfortunately I got to give you a little bit of bridge here to explain it, but I think it’s something that clearly you can piece together on your own. 
Mike Lamach: Yes, the material inflation environment has been fairly sedate, and we’ve lapped most of our large price increases, so we think pricing this year will be under 1%. Probably a good number, something more like 75, 80 basis points for ‘13, and we’ll still have a positive gap to material inflation, but I think it would be close to the probably 30 or 40 basis points for the year. 
Mike Lamach: Yes. Applied in unitary, there is some shifts going on with applied in unitary in the marketplace. We’re seeing in some cases more unitary being used in some of the data center applications, which is a good thing for us, because it’s large unitary and that’s very profitable for us.  So we generally see applied being a little bit weaker in 2013. I would say slightly negative, because it would still lean more toward the institutional larger customers, and I would say unitary is still more following the commercial industrial Dodge data of being more positive. So with slight shifts going on within vertical markets, you’re seeing more unitary than applied.  And then specifically in the HVAC business in North America, we’re dealing with low equipment growth. You probably see service growth 5% to 1% kind of pulling the mix up there, and that’s something that has been a function of putting feet on the street, putting technicians out, doing training and really working the whole part service agreement and retrofit market, and we were able to do that last year even in spite of the flatter market. So I hope that’s helpful. 
Mike Lamach: Well, the one that we had talked to you about for probably a couple of quarters was the large infrastructure projects that we were waiting on in Asia, kind of getting through the political changing of the guard in China, and then finally the awards of those projects, and what we saw clearly in China in the quarter was very, very positive in that regard. I think revenue was up nearly 40% in China for the quarter, so that was helpful. But you know the other positive story for us was just what happened with the security business in the Americas, and it got back to the earlier question of teams doing a good job finding pockets of growth, I mean growth platforms in flat markets. We needed to do more of that, but that’s a great example and one I’m proud to tell you about. 
Mike Lamach: Yes Julian, look, clearly we set the targets out there. We think that we’re going to see mild material inflation. We’re going to see other inflation continue to rise at sort of an unhealthy rate. So you’re looking at overall inflation running somewhere in the mid-3’s and you’re looking at our productivity plans somewhere in the mid-4’s.  I told you the four levers that we’re pulling here are sourcing, functional, lien and lien the value streams and all of that really kind of coming together is our plan to address it. So we continue to sort of chip away at it, build a pipeline and work the pipelines here.  So I would have no reason to believe we couldn’t continue to see productivity at the same level. As long as we see inflation stay where it’s at, I think we’re going to be fine. If we see higher inflation, that’s going to test our pricing capability and see how agile we are there. So net-net, there’s no reason to believe we shouldn’t be able to do that. 
Mike Lamach: Yes, Deane, in the quarter there was the locked and loaded with the exception of nailing down and communicating all the specifics around restructuring activity, but in terms of investments and plans for the quarter we’re in good shape.  For the year it’s running at about the same rate of increase it was last year for us and those programs have been paired to the point where these are the critical and essential programs going forward. So I don’t see that we would be pulling back on investments per se. I think if we were to run into additional headwinds, we would take a second or third look at the restructuring work we’re doing and go further there, but no pullback, really that I see as being good long term on the investment lines. 
Mike Lamach: Yes, Deane, I mean the only thing that’s a little bit of a wild card and we tried to spike that out for you, is U.S. non-discrete tax charge in quarter one. Whether or not, we’ll owe that or not, its a bit of a legal debate and then two timing events, a bit of a timing debate. So we just spiked that out not to surprise anybody that the timing in the worst of all worlds could be in the first quarter, and that’s how we planned it. 
Mike Lamach: Well look, first of all Steve, what’s underlying, all of this is going to be the weaker ThermoKing across the board picking up by the back of the year, but that’s going to be one issue we have from a business standpoint in the first quarter.  And then if you look at it sort of by geography, Europe happens to be very weak for us in the industrial segment, which creates a mix issue there. Because actually industrial is a profitable business for us in Europe, and so a combination of those two are putting some pressure on all that, so…  But that being said, we still see margin expansion of probably 20 to, call it 50 basis points in the quarter. 
Mike Lamach: Well, I’ll tell you, easy and hard is an interesting thing. If you talk about it getting more exciting, getting more momentum in the company, getting more people pulling on it, it’s phenomenal, okay.  So, I’m not sure about hard or easy, none of this is easy, okay, and particularly if you want to stick around longer than just a flash in the pan, but the impact has been dramatic, and every time we run the data, we call it separation of results. We take the value stream work and then compare that to the average of the company and we just get further and further apart. Thankfully, we’re also increasing the amount of costs under sort of management through the system.  So, its very exciting Steve. It’s something that looking back over three years, it’s been a long haul and anybody that’s in the lien world will tell you that that’s still the early innings. So it’s something that if I’m doing this 10 years from now, it certainly would be something we’re talking about. 
Mike Lamach: The $90 million inventory Steve that we had last year in the fourth quarter of ‘11, when you think about sort of what we had to do there, we had to pull that back from distribution. In some cases where there was a sale, we worked the product, and then try to push it back out in the marketplace through any channel we could, often through our wholly owned channel.  So we fundamentally pushed the $90 million inventory out in the marketplace that wasn’t necessarily inventory the market wanted if you will. So, we look at it and say, if you adjust for sort of $90 million in revenue, that probably was something we forced. Meaning 2011 was probably worse than the revenue we reported. That’s where the adjustment comes in. 
Mike Lamach: Absolutely Steve, and if you look at just harkening back to that, I think we ran our plants 21 days the entire quarter, okay. So we took it really on the chin from absorption and all that, but it was fundamentally pushing this $90 million through.  So absolutely, we were forcing product into the marketplace with record low pricing, getting into the market, which affected -- actually it lifted the revenue for 2011. However, it also had an average impact on absorption, because we weren’t making anything. So the productivity was a pretty easy beat too, right, this year. 
