Vik Kini: Thanks, Vicente. Moving to slide nine, we continue to be pleased with the performance of the company in Q1. Q1 saw strong balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by the use of IRX with continued signs of improvement across industrial end markets. Total company orders and revenue increased year-over-year 29% and 17% respectively, with strong double-digit organic orders growth across each segment. In fact, our organic growth on both orders and revenue in the quarter were records for the company and set us up well as we move into Q2. In addition, the company continued to drive performance on productivity and synergy initiatives using IRX as a catalyst, and we remain on track to deliver on our $300 million cost synergy commitment. The company delivered first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $293 million, a year-over-year improvement of $107 million and adjusted EBITDA margins of 21.4%, up 550 basis point improvement year-over-year. Continuing performance from previous quarters, we also achieve incremental margins of 54% in Q1. What item to note, these financial metrics do not include the High Pressure Solution segment, which was classified as discontinued operations in Q1 with relevant restatements to prior periods. Given the recently completed sale, we will not report on the segment moving forward. Free cash flow for the quarter was $108 million, up $78 million year-over-year, yielding total liquidity of $2.6 billion at quarter end. Turning to slide 10, for the total company orders increased 25% and revenue increased 13%, both on an FX adjusted basis. The IT&S, Precision & Science Technologies and SVT segments all saw double-digit organic orders growth in the quarter. Starting first with IT&S. The total segment saw 13% FX-adjusted orders growth with strong momentum in core compressor technologies, with the Americas showing mid single digit orders improvement, EMEA with low 20% growth, and Asia Pacific with high double-digit improvement. Precision & Science saw 14% FX-adjusted orders growth in the quarter. Continued double-digit growth in product lines like Medical and Dosatron drove this performance, given their niche end market exposure in areas like lab, life sciences, water and animal health, as well as strong performance from the AROo brand, which primarily serves core industrial markets. Specialty vehicles saw exceptionally strong order performance, up 89% excluding FX. The team has shown positive orders growth for five straight quarters and Q1 saw continued strong growth in consumer vehicles, as well as golf offerings and aftermarket. Overall, we posted a strong book-to-bill of 1.24 for the quarter and improvement from the prior year level of 1.13. We remain encouraged by the strength of our backlog moving into Q2. The company delivered $293 million of adjusted EBITDA, an increase of 57% year-over-year. The IT&S, Precision & Science and SVT segments all saw year-over-year improvements in adjusted EBITDA and strong triple digit margin expansion. And finally, corporate cost came in at $34 million for the quarter consistent with prior expectations. Turned into slide 11. Free cash flow for the quarter was $180 million on a continuing ops basis driven by the strong operational performance across the business and ongoing prudent working capital management. This compares to free cash flow of $30 million in the first quarter of prior year on a continuing op basis in what is typically our seasonally weakest quarter from a free cash flow perspective. CapEx during the quarter totaled $15 million and free cash flow included $10 million of outflows related to the transaction. From a leverage perspective, we finished at 1.9 times, which was an 0.1 turn improvement as compared to the prior quarter. This included $184 million cash outflow to fund the Tuthill acquisition, which closed in February and did not include the cash received from the HPS divestiture which closed in April. We have line of sight to leverage coming down materially to below one time once the SVC sale is completed, which as mentioned previously, is expected in Q3 of this year. On the right side of the page, you can see the breakdown of total company liquidity, which now stands at $2.6 billion, based on approximately $1.64 billion of cash on hand, and nearly $1 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. With our current liquidity and the additional cash we expect to receive from the HPS and SVT divestitures, we will have considerable balance sheet flexibility to continue our portfolio transformation strategy with M&A, coupled with targeted internal investment to drive sustainable organic growth. I will now turn it back to Vicente to discuss the segment performance.
Vik Kini: Yeah. And Mike, I think your first part of your question with regards to kind of seasonality and kind of how we're thinking about the backdrop, I don't think we're thinking about it much differently than you've seen from a historical perspective. Obviously, strong first quarter, I think we're very encouraged by the orders profile where in IT&S and Precision & Science, you had book-to-bills of, I think 1.14 and 1.20 respectively. So we've obviously built some solid backlog now moving in the second quarter. And as Vicente said, typically speaking, you tend to see, particularly for the longer cycle businesses order stronger in the first half and shipment stronger in the second half. So typically speaking, you know, you tend to see Q1 seasonally a little bit of the weakest, Q4, seasonally, strongest and Q2, Q3 in between, I don't think you're going to see anything dramatically different in the context of the phasing, or how we think about seasonality here in the context to 2021.
Vik Kini: Yeah, Josh. This is Vik. I'll start there. I think the answer is absolutely yes. You know, we've been very, I think transparent in the context that quality of earnings and continue to execute on many of our strategic levers, notably areas like the synergy funnel, procurement, I2V, as well as you know, pricing realization are clearly focus areas and footprint, for example, you know, as that'll still kind of more so yet to come, frankly, from a synergy delivery perspective. So I think the answer is, you know, a mid-20s percent EBITDA margin kind of on the IT&S segment is without question, I think where we are targeting this business to be from a more medium-term perspective. And I think one thing to add would be, you know, we're really encouraged by the momentum we're seeing, frankly, across all the parts of that business. It's really not coming from one distinct area, I would tell you, all the regions, as well as, you know, the power tools business, inclusive, continuing to show good momentum. And I think some of the commercial initiatives that we also have, you know, Vicente just spoke to continuing to see good aftermarket traction. We're seeing a little bit outsized OE right now, which we think is a good thing. As we kind of start to show more of that shift into aftermarket and build from that 40% kind of baseline we have right now with aftermarket sales that obviously help us well. So all good signs and things that we would yet say, yes, should point to 25% margins definitely being the target here as we think ahead.
Vik Kini: Sure, Matt. Yeah, I mean, I think generally speaking, a lot of the initiatives we talked about, I think you've been speaking to, you know, a lot of the - a lot of the questions we've had with regards to whether it be oil-free, whether it be investments in the you know, hydrogen, whether it be the products that we actually highlighted in the release, in the slides, the Runtech acquisition that we made back in 2017, or the, you know, the ZEO application from the Precision, Science technologies business. Generally speaking, all of our NPDs that we're really looking at have some facet of sustainability, energy savings and efficiency really baked in. So I would say it's probably the single biggest criteria by and large, when we're looking at innovation. And it's also a huge criteria that we're looking at when we're actually looking at the M&A pipeline. So I'd say its front and center, trying to quantify exact dollars is probably a little bit tricky. But I would tell you it's probably the single biggest factor. And I would also point to, you know, we really made a commitment to it in the context of our ESG goals, which Vicente you can - you know, we've obviously spoken to quite a bit. So again, I think it's kind of permeating the culture, and now we're actually putting distinct targets and goals that are associated with it as well.
Vicente Reynal: Hi, Julian. Yes, you're correct. On the first question, yeah, kind of that mid-40s range. And in order, kind of puts and takes, let me just kind of give you a little bit of color here. I mean, Q1, as you pointed out, I mean, very strong across segments and regions. And that is really encouraging. If you think to highlight, you know, in Q1, we're seeing kind of an easier comp on a year-over-year basis due to the cost energy savings, as most of our savings really started to show in April of last year and onwards. We're also seeing the solid price realization based on the actions that we took in late 2020. And the continued execution of I2V and other initiatives. As we go into Q2 and the second half, if I kind of break it down by segment, you know, IPS [ph] overall, we're still expecting that kind of 30 to 35 incrementals, even with the headwinds, around not only the inflation, but also the discretionary costs coming back, which again, speaks to the ongoing synergy delivery efforts, as well as our focus on kind of quality of earnings. On PST, you know, touching first on Q2, it's a reminder, and as we highlighted in our original guidance, Q2 incrementals will be lower than average, to the fact that in 2020 we saw outsized demand for our medical compressors and pumps, used again to fight COVID. And the majority of these orders came in Q1 and Q2 with shipments mostly in Q2 and Q3. And as I reminder, these shipments on the medical products came in at a premium margin. In addition, PST is seeing some of the inflationary headwinds that most companies are seeing. And while the back half of the year will be more normalized to about that kind of 35% and above. So again, you know, having said all days, I mean, as you know, we're very - we had a pretty strong processing in terms of price, I2V sourcing, that our teams are actively executing to offset any of these kind of headwind coming in.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Julian. We still remain very optimistic on the M&A. I mean, the M&A as we highlighted, pretty strong, as you saw on the remarks on the slide that we put together. So we've been thoughtfully - if you can go back when we talked about our phases of creating a strong foundation, people think [ph] to growth and portfolio utilization, we've been very thoughtful on the timing of all those and proactively working on the M&A funnel. So we're ready with the funnel. Again, we're not going to go crazy on the market, we're continue to stay very disciplined in these environments. We buy companies that are strategic fit. And as we have always highlighted, the strategic fit, you know, not only from a technology, but also commercial perspective. We'll never buy for a kind of multiple arbitrages. We buy company that can have that strategic fit. And I think that's what's exciting. And yes, you're right. I mean, I think with these kind of unlocking $2 billion of value in - with these two divestitures, we're ready for continue executing M&A in a very disciplined way.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, Mike. I - as you see, we kind of have these two segments and one larger than the other. We've spoken a lot about how our strategic focus on building the funnel has been on the Precision and Science. We see a lot of good things that we like on that segment. And we've been very prudent in terms of saying, you know, while we integrate Gardner Denver and the Ingersoll Rand through the past 12 months, building the funnel on the Precision and Science, I did not have that many kind of distractions, I will say, on the integration. So I think that continues to be the exciting piece. In terms of kind of how we look at, we're still going to be this mission-critical, high aftermarket. We like the recurring aftermarket side of these rotating components and devices that we have. And we like the space where we play. And we still have, you know, over $30 billion of addressable market, even when you exclude high pressure and specialty vehicles. So things around sustainable technology, high growth, end markets, we've been very thoughtful in terms of focusing and doing a lot of segmentation and market work around these kind of high end growth markets that where we can have the play in terms of flow creation, and any of those adjacent markets that kind of complement our ecosystem of the product line.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. Let me let me touch base first on the short cycle and then long cycle, and then I kind of let Vik comment on the other one. Short cycle, you know, we see very good strength, pretty broad base, particularly kind of this medical market, animal health, what kind of, what we call also agtech and aquatech [ph] kind of end markets that were putting a lot of effort to really continue to penetrate, pharma, food and beverage and water and wastewater. In terms of kind of long cycle end markets, most of our long cycle business, as all of you know, is in kind of what we call the Nash, Garo business, as well as the very large compressors, which is kind of the centrifugal compressors that the multistage centrifugal compressors, I will categorize the large multistage centrifugal compressors orders were very strong and positive. This is an area where we are seeing very good start with - when you think about kind of some of end markets we're seeing good momentum and kind of reshoring on some companies, as well as markets like renewable energy and generally industrial. The Nash, Garo in the first quarter was kind of down, primarily due to the timing we say. You know, if think about the Nash, Garo is one business that changes quarter, quarter-to-quarter, so we kind of think to look at it a bit more from a first half compare year-on-year. And the funnel still continues to be highly active. And just as a reminder, you know that business in the fourth quarter saw very positive orders in kind of the mid to high single digit order cycle.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, Jeff. You know, on the price cost, the good thing is that, we actually planned for the inflation during the budget time last year with the team. I mean, we were seeing early indications of inflation. And we basically told the teams to plan for the inflation. And with that to plan for the price, and then we executed on the price. And I think, it was part of kind of our original guidance as well. And reason why we - it definitely increased prices back then. And I think the inflation is really coming in fairly in line with what we planned. And then, you know, I will say, in addition from a margin perspective, we continue to run the I2V procurement work that we're doing with the - that we did with a synergy integration between Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver. And that's kind of working really well. As we move forward, I mean, clearly, we continue to watch carefully this inflation and the teams, they're kind of lock and loaded to plan for incremental price increases based on what we're seeing, primarily typically like the logistic side of things. But, but yeah, we're looking at doing that proactively positioning of our products here in this inflationary market. And in terms of supply chain, I mean, we're definitely not immune to what you're seeing, I'm hearing a lot about logistics. But I think a couple things to highlight here. First, we're mostly in the region for the region. And this has proven to be a great strategy for us, not only in these difficult times, but also, as companies looking to reshoring, it has been very helpful for us. I'll say, second, you know, we're working with a much larger purchasing power than in the past, many of these are kind of new partnerships that we're creating. And these really has helped in the supply chain, as they want to deliver and have very good terms with us. So I'd say that supply chain, you know, non-immune, but I think the team really working very well to get it in control.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Jeff, you know, in the first quarter, we saw outsize order momentum on the original equipment. And certainly, as the market recovers, we definitely want to see this. And we're very glad because again, as you're kind of alluding there, we're kind of seeding the market and putting our products, so then we can connect them with our IoT platform and then continue to generate these accelerated aftermarket. So that that's good news. I will say that, still with that, the service on the aftermarket sequentially we saw improvement in most of the regions. So again, good things that some of the strategies are definitely seen good momentum here.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, Nigel. I think on the cap gain taxes, I think maybe still slightly too early to tell. And obviously, that's mostly particularly here in the US. I think Europe continues to be, at least, no major changes, but too early to tell. I think it could free up better momentum in some cases, but nothing that I will classify as saying it is creating an imminent change, yet. Maybe some of the family owning owners are thinking about it, and we'll see, I mean, we'll stay pretty close and create good cultivation. So we'll see on that. I think the timing, as kind of alluded, I think we've been very thoughtful. On the timing, we said that we went to create stability, but at the same time, we want to improve some of these companies so we can maximize the value that we could generate. And at the same time, we did it in a way that we went to have some sort of visibility to the funnel. So in parallel, we've been working on all these aspects, not only the divestitures, but also accelerating the funnel. And you can see how some of the statistics on the funnel. And we're excited that, you know, the funnel is 5x what we had even last year, the average revenue size per company is more than 50%. And the velocity, which is really important, has been cut by half. So I think it's been - it's been done everything strategically well thought out from - in parallel, I would say, Nigel.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, sure. Josh, maybe something to highlight. I mean, we spoke about these industrial vacuum and blower business to be kind of up low double digit. And when you cannot decompose that, that has the industrial side, kind of brands like [indiscernible] and Robuskey [ph] and things like that. But included in there is also the vacuum business like Nash, which is kind of more the longer cycle. And as I just mentioned, I mean, Nash, you know, was down in the first quarter, which obviously implies that the industrial vacuum business was really high. And that was basically up in the - in the kind of 20s range, the industrial vacuum. Our industrial vacuum is really collocated within kind of large OEMs and OEMs. We always said that, industrial vacuum was always a leading - a good leading indicator for industrial recovery. And it is very exciting to continue to see that momentum happening on that industrial vacuum side of the business. So, I think that's very good news for what the industrial recovery market is seeing. In terms of some of the other things is, it's actually also good momentum based on the - a lot of the self-help initiatives on the commercial side. I think, Josh, it's exciting to see that we're seeing really good traction on some of the commercial kind of that product summit activities that we talked about prior quarters, in terms of, you know, the combination of Gardner Denver, and Ingersoll Rand, examples like, oil-free product like the Ultima, which was a Garnet Denver technology launched as Ingersoll Rand in Europe, that saw a really, really good momentum in Europe. And that is getting launched now here in the US. So expect to see that accelerated momentum too, as well. So a combination of those kind of multiple things, is not only the market, but also a lot of good execution from the team based on these initiatives that we're doing.
Vicente Reynal: Correct. Yeah, we don't play in the semiconductor market. That's right. Yes. It is all industrial. All industrial product…
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. Andy, I think Asia Pacific, I'll say it is definitely combination of both. I mean, definitely some easy comps in China, for sure. But if you recall, Southeast Asia was definitely not an easy comp, yet, in the first quarter, because I mean, the Southeast Asia really start to getting kind of lock down in the second quarter. So I'll say, you know, a good combination of maybe easy comps, but at the same time, some really good momentum in China and Asia Pacific. I think this is - we always highlighted when we created the integration of Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver that we said, Asia Pacific is definitely an area of growth and opportunity. And we're doing some very good organic investments. I mean, we spend a lot on new capital equipment to be able to have in region for region in areas like that I think is really, really exciting. And, you know, we put a renew focus also on emerging markets in Southeast Asia, something that before with the scale that we had, it was very difficult to do, but now we have the scale. And these organic investments are definitely showing some good momentum. I think in the Americas, yes, as you said, particular in the US, Andy, we will see better, easier comps here in the US in the second half, same in Europe. But I'd say as well, you know, you saw that in Europe, at least on the compressor side, orders we were kind of in the mid-teens up, while America or the US mid single digit up. And maybe some of that is a little bit of timing in the sense that the Europeans, as I just mentioned before, they kind of went in faster in terms of doing some of these integration of the product lines that we spoke about. And now we're seeing that getting implemented in the Americas. Again, the Americas, or the US is a more complex environment where you have a combination of direct versus distribution. So we just wanted to be careful. But I think everything is going really well, now in the US as well, and we'll see some inflection here as we move forward.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. Andy, I think you hit the nail on the head. Obviously, when we - so the answer to your question is, you're completely right. Obviously, the direct material components of our synergy equation, most notably, the procurement side and I2V are, frankly a functional volume. And we did note that even in 2020, obviously, volumes were not at kind of that - kind of baseline 2019 levels. But we had seen, for example, a procurement, I'd say probably better than expected, percent realization on saving, so that it kind of been a nice - kind of I'd say, mitigant to lower volumes. Clearly, a higher volume equation clearly can materialize into higher savings. But as you said, some of that was definitely dialed in to the race, when we moved the number from $250 million to $300 million, we'd clearly indicated that the majority, if not all of that really was coming from the direct material equation. Could there be some potential in the medium term, over and above? Perhaps, but I think we want to continue to see how things play themselves out. But we're very encouraged. And I think the momentum we're seeing, frankly, even still today on the procurement and the I2V side is very encouraging in the context of the price realization, and the percent realization that the teams are actually recognizing. So quite encouraged, but I'd say a lot of that was factored into the, you know, the raise from $250 million to $300 million.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. Joe, definitely we believe that this is - these initiatives are the ones that will give us that kind of plus, plus, that we always like to talk about in terms of how we execute that, in the sense that, you know, we play in these kind of GDP environment, end markets, but with the initiatives that we're putting, we're kind of moving more towards those end markets that can give us that plus, plus an out execution. We always said, you know, call it anywhere between 100 to three - up to 300 basis points above the GDP, depending on kind of the region and the market. So these initiatives continue to be really exciting for us. We launched with the help of IRX several of the impact daily management programs from a global perspective, and I'm very excited with kind of what we are seeing and definitely much more to come.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, well, I mean, I think on the oil-free it's more about you know, I think this year and moving forward is when we start seeing the execution of this product line combination between the two companies. As you can imagine, I mean, we talked a lot about that last year with all the product summit and the acuity [ph] that we were doing to combine this kind of creative, highly complementary, I think a lot of the results should be and could be seen now. And I think, you know, same thing for the water, water and wastewater. I mean, I think it takes a little bit of time to see the results. But I think we're very excited and very encouraging to kind of what the momentum we're seeing across the company on these strategic end markets that we have selected.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Joe, I mean, I think without question, we continue to see opportunities. I mean, we're pretty pleased with I think the momentum we've already seen. But we've been very adamant that there - there are still a number of, I'd say levers that we have to pull. First and foremost, I'll start with the tax rate. You know, we mentioned that when we started as kind of one year ago, putting two companies together, we really didn't have what I would consider to be an optimized tax rate. We've done a lot of work, their tax organization, frankly, whole organization and a lot of work. We've started to implement a lot of those, I'd say, practices here, and you're already starting to see some good momentum on the tax rate. We've said that we're getting to, you know, approximately 23%. And, you know, last year, you were 24% plus. So you're already starting to see some good momentum there. And we have line of sight to getting that into the lower 20s over time. In terms of the working capital side, absolutely. I think the biggest area that is still ahead of us here is on the inventory side. We've mentioned, I think a few times that inventory is really almost connected in some respects to a lot of our synergy delivery initiatives. We talk about procurement, and we focus a lot on the saving side. But there's also the - you know, making sure that you're negotiating terms properly, and that you're actually making sure that you're pulling inventory only when you need it. And then also, with the footprint side of the equation, you know, footprint is probably one of the biggest areas of the synergy equation, you really haven't started to see deliver in a material manner just yet. But you can be rest assured here, when we start to actually optimize our footprint on the manufacturing side, there will be working capital opportunities there. So you put that all together, and clearly there are other areas in terms of the payables and receivables equation that we're working. Clearly, I think working capital is a major opportunity ahead that, you know, can help drive us to those, you know, the levels that you're speaking to here over time. So I think we're encouraged. It's definitely, I'd say, a big focal point of the ops and finance and business teams. And we're going to continue to make momentum here as we move through this year, and frankly, into next.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Rob, I will say that - great question on the pricing side, and definitely something that you know, strategic pricing, that is basically what we like to do. We typically never do peanut butter across price increases, it's just based on the specific product lines. And I will say that, you know, as you know, our mission-critical products were very low cost relative to the overall system. And that is very good for us and works really well for us in situations of continuing to be able to increase price because the mission criticalness and the low cost relative to the overall system that our products have. In terms of the stickiness and the elasticity, I mean, we have done a lot of work on testing pricing elasticity in many of our end markets and many of our products. We have a really great, I'll say internal process for scoping that out and making sure that we continue to you know, push the boundaries on the envelopes on that, as we see that we can. And obviously we can only do it only as long as we have differentiated products, which is the other big play in terms of how our I2V has been really strong process for being able to continue to create differentiated products, whether it might be tweaks of innovation that is not only - so it's a process that is not only for driving direct material costs down, but it's also driving some increase in profit - price and profitability.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. No, we're seeing some of that. I mean, when you look at the margin expansion that we saw here in the first quarter, a good chunk of that also came from gross margin. So we're seeing gross margins continue to improve on a year-over-year, and even historically, when you go back, even go back to 2015, I mean, definitely some very, very solid gross margin expansion. So we're definitely seeing it in the real core of the business.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. Matt, I mean, I think in terms of production, I mean, our plants are up and running. I mean, clearly, the area that we're monitoring really close is India. We're deemed as a critical manufacturer, and all of our manufacturing facilities are - at the moment, they're open. A lot of - some of the closedowns that have - that is happening in India, at least in the cities where we are operating hasn't happened to us. But we're watching that carefully. We're proactively supporting vaccination efforts for employees based there. Again, this is because we're deemed as a critical manufacturer, and you've seen that lack of oxygen in many hospitals. Our products are actually helping to enhance that. And so we're working really closely with the government to really accelerate that. But so far, you know, no major impact, I will say, something that we're watching carefully.
Vicente Reynal: Well, thank you, everyone, for your interest and joining on the call today. We're very excited. We're very thankful for our employees for all the work and dedication that they're doing, and thinking and acting like owner. So we're excited with the momentum that we're having and look forward to talking to many of you here present in the future. Thanks, again.
