Vikram Kini: Thanks, Vicente. Moving to Slide 8, we continue to be encouraged by the performance of the company in Q1, which saw a strong balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by IRX to overcome persistent inflationary pressures, a challenging supply chain environment, increased geopolitical uncertainty and lockdowns in Shanghai. Despite these challenges, we continue to remain on track to deliver on our $300 million synergy commitment with $50 million expected to be realized in 2022.  Total company orders and revenue increased 25% and 18% year-over-year, respectively, with strong double-digit orders growth in ITS and double-digit organic revenue growth across both segments. Our orders in the quarter were a record for the company and revenue was a first quarter record, setting us up for continued strength in 2022.  The company delivered first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $304 million, a 24% year-over-year improvement and adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.7%, a 110 basis point improvement from prior year. Incremental margins for the company were 29% despite the aforementioned challenges. Free cash flow for the quarter was $32 million and remained positive despite working capital headwinds in most notably an increase of approximately $100 million in inventory to support the growing backlog and elevated incentive compensation costs coming off of a strong 2021 performance.  Total liquidity was $3.1 billion at quarter end and cash was up approximately $400 million from prior year. This takes our net leverage to 1.2x, an 0.7x improvement from prior year and a slight increase of 0.1x from prior quarter.  Turning to Slide 9. For the total company, Q1 orders grew 21% and revenue increased 14%, both on an organic basis. Overall, we posted a strong book-to-bill of 1.22x for the quarter. We remain encouraged by the strength of our backlog, which is up approximately 70% from Q1 of 2021.  Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 24% from the prior year. ITS segment margin improved 70 basis points while our PST segment margin declined 260 basis points with the largest driver of the decrease coming from M&A. When adjusted to exclude the impact of M&A completed in the 12 months ending March 31, PST margin declined by 130 basis points, driven mainly by the impact of inflation, FX and product mix. It's important to note that both segments did remain price cost positive in terms of dollars in the first quarter, which speaks to the nimble actions of our team despite ongoing inflationary headwinds.  Finally, corporate costs came in at $29 million for the quarter, down year-over-year primarily due to lower incentive compensation costs and general cost savings while continuing to invest in critical growth areas like demand generation, and industrial Internet of Things. We expect corporate costs to normalize back to the low 30s in terms of millions of dollars per quarter for the remainder of the year. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was up 26% to $0.49 per share, and the tax rate for the quarter was 23%. We anticipate the full year being in the low 20s as well.  Turning to Slide 10. Free cash flow for the quarter was $32 million on a continuing ops basis, remaining positive despite the aforementioned increases in net working capital. CapEx through the quarter totaled $18 million, which is an approximately 25% increase compared to last year, further demonstrating our continued investment in the business.  Free cash flow included $8 million of synergy and standup costs related to the IR merger. Leverage for the quarter was 1.2x, which was an 0.7x improvement versus the prior year. And total company liquidity now stands at $3.1 billion based on approximately $2 billion of cash and $1.1 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. Liquidity decreased by approximately $100 million in the quarter, which included outflows of $30 million towards strategic M&A, $101 million in share repurchases and $8 million for our dividend payment.  Our M&A funnel remains robust and active with 6 bolt-on acquisitions currently under exclusive letters of intent. We remain prudent and disciplined to generate strong returns on transactions with highly strategic and synergistic characteristics. But clearly, we have significant firepower to deploy to M&A, which is a strong driver of our compounding growth model.  I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segments.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Julian, I think the way you're thinking about it is quite accurate. So maybe I'll start with the price cost. So price cost from a dollar perspective was positive in the first quarter. I'd say on a margin perspective, not necessarily margin accretive, but we did cover inflation from a price perspective. We would expect the dynamic in Q2 to frankly be fairly comparable. Obviously, given a lot of the geopolitical situation as well as some of the outcomes of the Russian-Ukraine situation, clearly, that's driving some of the inflationary pressures we're seeing incrementally into Q2.  Worth noting here, though, that obviously, we've continued to recalibrate from a pricing perspective, and we would expect price cost to be more favorable and more positive and margin accretive more into the back half of the year. So that's kind of the way to think about it. But -- and your thought in terms of the incrementals being a little bit more subdued in Q2 due to that nature as well as the Shanghai lockdowns, that's correct as well in Q2. That will drive a slightly more subdued incrementals in Q2 specifically.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Andy, this is Vik. Maybe I'll start, and I can let Vicente on as well. You're absolutely right. I think if you followed the journey here for a few years, we made some very concerted efforts, I'd say, to eliminate a lot of the, what I'll call, cyclicality that was inherent in the portfolio previously. So you've obviously seen that with the divestitures, particularly with upstream oil and gas obviously being divested away from the business.  And then I'd say a couple of other areas now as we think about today and moving forward. One is the aftermarket piece, which you're absolutely right. We see a path to be above 40% from a total enterprise perspective, which is a more stable and recurring base of revenue, obviously, more profitable as well.  And I think the other one that Vicente just mentioned, and he gave a number of examples, whether it be the LeROI or the Thomas pumps, is what I'll call higher growth, more sustainable end markets. So you've seen a lot of push for areas, whether it be on the water side, whether it be on the lab life science, whether it be hydrogen, a lot of the applications that our oil-free compression technology goes into.  So I would tell you, yes, that's absolutely been a huge push and a very concerted effort. I think if you look at the portfolio today, even versus what the composition was from an end market perspective at the time of the RMT meaningfully different by virtue of both of those areas that we focus on.
Vikram Kini: Yes. That's thought on, Andy. Obviously, clearly, given the backlog and the global supply chain environment, you have seen a build of inventory here in Q1. I would say, obviously, right now, clearly, with the Shanghai situation and still kind of some of that supply chain unrest that's there, we would expect to continue to see working capital at probably a slightly elevated levels here, particularly through the first half of the year. So Q2 probably not being much different. And then the second half being I'd say about more of the normalization.  So I think by the second half, again, assuming everything continues to return to some semblance of normal, you would expect to see that seasonality probably come back in. And it's worth noting here that our cash flow is typically seasonal Q1 is typically the lightest and it does ramp towards the end of the year. We would expect no different this year. Just a little bit more exacerbated in the first half due to the inventory situation.
Vikram Kini: Yes, Steve, that's completely correct. Yes. I'd say the incremental margins are expected to be obviously much better in the second half of the year than the first half. The major drivers clearly price cost is probably the single biggest driver. As we said, we would expect that price cost is going to be dollar positive in all quarters, but not actually margin positive, particularly in the first half. In the second half, much more so.  I'd say the other areas to note would be, one, we do have the $50 million of synergies that we are still expecting to see. Remember, those tend to be a bit more seasonal because the synergies we're seeing now are much more, I would call I2V-oriented maybe to a degree, footprint in certain areas. But they are very volume -- they show up on the volume shifts there. So obviously, they have the seasonality associated with them that, once again, would follow them more so in the second half of the year, it's seasonally stronger.  And the third area to note here is, remember, we do have the, I'd say, the synergies on the bolt-on acquisitions that we completed last year. And so we're taking -- a lot of that is in the Seepex business specifically. We're taking a lot of the actions now, and we'd expect to see a lot more of those in the -- actually in the margin profile more towards the back half of the year. So -- and again, it's -- obviously, it's probably worth noting that right now, particularly for those PST acquisitions, you didn't have them in the prior year for the first half.  So there is a bit of a nuance between first half, second half, once you start comping fully on the acquisitions, it starts to normalize a bit more. But those would probably be the 3 biggest drivers. Price cost obviously being the biggest of the 3 of them.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Steve, I wouldn't -- so they're bolt-on in nature here. They vary in margin profile. And they also, I'd say, vary from a segment perspective as well. So we have a pretty good, I would say, mix across the portfolio. Not meaningfully, I mean, majority of things we're purchasing are in that 20%, 25% plus realm, typically speaking, but we typically have a very good path to how they will get to segment margin profile, if not better, within a 3-year time frame, if not better. And I would tell you the margin profile -- I'm sorry, for the return profile from an ROIC perspective on all 6 of these deals is completely in line with the targets that we've laid out previously.  So even if there is some slight dilution upfront, we would tell you that's something we feel like we can rightsize pretty quickly.
Vicente Reynal: Mike, so clearly it gives us, I mean, obviously, much greater visibility than what we have been in prior years. ITS, as you know, has a portion of being loan cycle. And the way we may want to think about it is that kind of 20% to -- maybe 20% to 25% of that backlog being kind of more on the longer cycle perspective, which kind of gives us a good view into potentially 2023.  So I think it's -- we're having great visibility here, obviously, for the next couple of quarters and even greater visibility than what we have seen in the past as we go into 2023.
Vicente Reynal: That's it, Mike. It's prudency, clearly, as we kind of navigate the ramp after the lockdowns in China and any continued geopolitical environment that might be happening out there that may cloud a bit of a shorter-term visibility. But I mean, I think it's -- you see it in the orders and the remarks that we made, momentum continues. Our marketing qualified leads continue to be pretty strong and resilient. And I think at this point in time, it's just more prudency based on what we're seeing.
Vicente Reynal: So yes, I mean I think orders continue to be actually fairly good. Clearly, as we go more into Q2, Q3, tougher comps, obviously. As you remember, last year, we were seeing that 30% and 40% orders momentum, but we still see very good momentum as we are moving here into the month of April.  And from a PST perspective, I think the way I think about it is, again, they're comping against that double-digit orders from Q1 of 2021. But if I look at it from a sequential perspective, actually on an absolute dollar, sequentially Q4 to Q1, we saw about a 10% increase in order momentum on the PST. So again, speaks pretty well as to no concerns on what the team is seeing and the ramp continues in terms of the order momentum, which obviously will lead to a better outcome here.
Vicente Reynal: I think, Rob, what -- I think our teams will tell you that they're seeing an increase in requests from customers as it relates to how -- what else can they do from an energy efficiency perspective. I think a data point to think about it, we talked about the audits that we do in factories. And how -- when you think about it in the U.S., it's up 60%, the number of audits that we're doing, energy efficiency audits as compared to pre-pandemic levels back in 2019. We didn't come in Europe, but in Europe, we also do a lot of audits. And the audits are kind of similar in nature in terms of seeing good momentum in terms of growth.  So customers are definitely more attuned to it. We leveraged our demand generation engine to continue to educate the customers on what they can achieve. And so we're taking that advantage and continue to create a bit of a tailwind here for us.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, yes. On the customer audits, you're trying to -- from the time that the customer request and we go and show up to the facility to the time that we provide a report, it could be a couple of months. We definitely want to gather a lot of good data points. And by the time that we kind of do the reports and provide this and communicate, I think the cycle could be roughly 2 months in order for us to get to that face-to-face meeting with a customer and agreeing what they may be making a purchase there.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, then it goes into the lead time. I mean, and clearly, we've got extended backlog now. So depending on the product could be -- yes, it will go into the backlog of the regular lead time of the product. So it could be another couple of months, yes, or longer.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Jeff, once we're in exclusive LOI, we don't find anything. I mean I said hit rate is pretty high. I'm going to say, maybe 90% plus. So we're confident that we're going exclusive with them, and we have done enough diligence but it's just a matter of kind of some of the final negotiating points.  In terms of deal size, think about these 6 bolt-ons similar in nature to LeROI by the time that we made that acquisition. So you can see that they're small in size, but not that every deal will be like LeROI. We want it to be always like that. But clearly, it shows that these bolt-ons can become significant good acquisitions for us over the period of time.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, just to give you a -- kind of to frame it up. I mean when we have a marketing qualified lead, it is what we consider to be a medium to hot lead. So it has been already kind of prequalified through a lot of the algorithm that we do internally and kind of with our demand generation, we'd like to call that artificial intelligence engine that we have. So it is higher than the typical close rate.  So if you think -- we don't explicitly talk about our close ratio as we think that's kind of strategic to us, but it's much higher than the typical sales call that we can make. So that's why we're very encouraged with just keep pushing MQLs. And at the rate of several thousand of marketing qualified leads per week, it's quite encouraging.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe. So I can tell you that the 4,000 that we made reference is only in the U.S. So yes, I mean, definitely many more as we think about it globally, from a global perspective. And yes, I mean, I think we're -- this is something that we're leveraging as another kind of what we call a self-help growth initiative. We think it's meaningful for the customers to learn more about what they can do.  It is something that we've been doing for a little bit of time, but we're getting really good at doing this not only for compressors but also for like blowers. So when you look at a company like Rontec in the pulp and paper industry, they're now doing a lot of these audits as well to think about energy as well as water conservation in the pulp and paper industry.  So yes, I think it's something that is very strategic to us. We're kind of unique on how we do it. We think some of the acquisitions that we're making, like Lawrence Factor a couple of quarters ago, it's another enhancer on how we're going to be able to do not only the air audits, but maintain the level of purity of air and efficiency and so on with remote connectivity testing.  So I think it's -- yes, it can be a good growth driver for us. It has been for us so far. And as we said on the remarks, 60% improvement from the number of audits that we did in 2019, pre-pandemic. So it's definitely an area of continued investment for us.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So China for us is roughly 15% of sales, 1-5. And I think we said it before that we're really in the country for the country. So you could argue that roughly 90% of the product that gets sold in China is produced in China. And so therefore, the supply chain is kind of closed by.  We don't have a factory in Shanghai. Our factories are outside in Xuzhou and Wuxi and Busan. So these are kind of different cities that have not been fully impacted by the lockdowns as our operators can still go to the factory. In Shanghai, what we have is we have a distribution center. So it kind of has impacted maybe some of the distribution center that we do from -- which is mainly aftermarket. But most recently here, the government is allowing for some companies to actually go back, and we have been one of those companies that we have been allowed to go back.  So the situation here now is where we need now the supply chain to start ramping up. So it's not so much about us, but making sure that those suppliers that we have within the Shanghai region that has been locked down, that they're able to ramp up kind of as fast as where we have been able to. So I think it's just one of those that we're taking a prudent view as we go here in the second quarter and as we're able to work with our suppliers and be able to ramp that even faster and better. It will be, hopefully, some upside opportunity from the perspective of being able to support our customers in a better way.
Vicente Reynal: I think, Josh, maybe the 1 different variable that is maybe very new here is ESG and the 2030 and 2050 targets that companies are agreeing to. And you saw on one of our slides how we actually included quotes from sustainability reports from pretty large companies that basically talk about the compressor and the air treatment systems are their way for getting to their Scope 1 and Scope 2 activity.  So I think it's a combination of the multiple variables that, yes, energy has spiked in the past and that kind of may create a little bit of acceleration. But I think now the really fundamental change in the market is that, is the fact of these kind of ESG targets that companies are putting out and realizing that this underinvested area of compressors, blowers and pumps that consumes energy, there's now time to really upgrade that.  And the second variable could be around IoT and how the industrial Internet of Things and the remote connectivity is really accelerating that connectivity of the product to really enhance energy consumption and water usage even stronger. So those are the 2 variables that are very different now that really we think are going to create a better sustainable ongoing momentum.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I'd say, Josh, if I say in terms of things that we can control that we have been working on for the past several years, is how we have moved to better end markets, kind of what we call sustainable, high-growth end markets, whether it is food, beverage, life and sciences. We called that out in the Investor Day as the quality of life and how we continue to see that as we move more of our product by our own choosing to be able to play in those end markets, that provides a better sustainability.  The second one is, again, in terms of what we can control, it will be demand generation. We think that this is a really compelling competitive differentiator that is allowing us to reach this highly fragmented customer base in a much more highly cost-effective way and very, very efficient, allowing us to create this acceleration in market qualified leads that turn into sales qualified leads. And the way we like to say sometimes internally is that we're going to get -- we're getting our sales guys more ad bats and basically hitting more home runs than in the past.  And the third piece internally in terms of what we can control is, I'll say, innovation. I mean, you see how new product development for us is essential. And every quarter, we speak about how we've been able to create new technologies, new products, I mean, the Thomas pump in the technology and moving it into in-vitro diagnostics. Or even the LeROI compressor, which it was a very gas compressor oriented, and we moved that to a much more sustainable end market.  So I think those are 3 areas that we have in our control that are allowing us to have a much more sustainable ongoing growth.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Nathan, I would say and it actually varies by business and also the product lines within the businesses. So for example, we've now been able to have like the small compressors to reduce the lead time dramatically versus what it was in the past.  And so I think in the aggregate, you can think about lead time maybe about the same to slightly better with some kind of mix within those product lines that we have. So is our team working aggressively to try to reduce and use it as a competitive advantage? You bet, they are, yes.
Vicente Reynal: I think it will vary country by country. Nathan, I mean, as you know, we're still in region for region or in country for country. It could vary country to country. And in some cases, like I said, I think if we have that opportunity to utilize our lead time as a way to have a competitive differentiator, we will.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. No, we actually do it as -- well, I won't say that it varies again, Nathan. In some industries, we're actually charging for some of that, minimal amount. What we do is only mainly because we just want to see the commitment from the customer in doing these audits. I mean sometimes, if you do it for free, they just don't pay the attention to it. So in some cases, we're actually charging. I mean -- but not to generate a profit on these audits. It's just more to create that conversation on what we can do to the customer.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Great, Nigel. Yes, I mean Europe, clearly, with the energy cost being much higher, will be better than that 2-year payback. We don't want to specifically quantify region by region. But as energy costs will continue to rise, that is definitely kind of core to the mathematical formulation of getting that payback in there.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Great. So this is actually one that very well fits in line to what we said before about moving to the sustainable high-growth end markets. So we're taking that technology of that large centrifical compressors into air separation like for hydrogen or for LNG. So these are kind of the kind of more what we call more into the sustainable end markets that we're seeing. Also food and beverage and also a lot of the new semiconductor expansions that you're seeing and the localization of the supply chain.  And the last one is electric vehicle production and lithium battery ion production. I mean those are kind of the end markets that we have pivoted away from oil and gas and into these better sustainable growth in markets.  So this is a great example on taking what we can control, which is taking the products and position them very well into end markets that are seeing better growth momentum.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you, Victoria. I just want to say thanks to everyone for your interest on Ingersoll Rand. And to all the employees that are listening to here on the call who are shareholders and also to all of our shareholders, we want to say thanks again for the support. As you can see, we're a company very well positioned to continue to execute even in difficult environments, and we're always guided by our purpose of making life better not only for the planet, our customers, but also our employees and shareholders.  So with that, I want to conclude here and say thank you again, and talk to some of you soon. Thank you.
