Mike Lamach: Thank you, Sue. So on closing on Slide 19, we expect to deliver our 2017 plan for revenue growth, adjusted EPS and free cash flow, utilizing our business operating system and building a thriving, more valuable Ingersoll-Rand. To summarize, our Climate segment remains strong, led by our Commercial and Residential HVAC businesses which have focused on growth areas with equipment, controls and service. Our Transport Refrigeration business is diverse and agile and is executing their strategy and delivering against the high expectations in a challenging market. Our Industrial business is improving ahead of our expectations for growth and margin expansion. 75% of our negative price versus cost spread in 2017 is expected to come from very strong growth in Asia from merely China. We expect both the inflation and pricing headwind to moderate heading into 2018. The balance of the markets should see moderating inflation in 2018 as well, as they lap 2017 inflation. Nonetheless, we’re accelerating our 2018 productivity initiatives to drive more directly control over margin expansion irrespective of market conditions. We’re also on track to achieve the capital allocations priorities we laid out at the beginning of 2017. We expect to deploy roughly $1.9 billion of cash in the form dividends, buyback and acquisitions. We have a tremendous depth of talented people and our culture remains strong as ever. And taking together, I’m confident that with this formula we'll continue to deliver top tier financial and operating performance. And with that, Su and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Mike Lamach: Andy, I think maybe it’s best for us to start with what is our China strategy historically and how we're evolving. And I think that will answer a lot of questions for you. First of all, China is a country and Asia is a region would have some of the highest operating margin that we have across the HVAC space still today even this quarter. Historically, we’ve been a Tier 1 and Tier 2 city focus company and largely on applied equipment, and we’ve been very successful there. We’ve penetrated those markets with very high share and often train as a basis of design in many of these projects. What we’ve done over the last two years and you’re seeing it this year in space as we’ve extended to Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities. We’ve also launched both localized ducted and ductless unitary product nationally. We’ve penetrated and are penetrating larger infrastructure projects in subways and airports, and the electronic verticals specifically which is applied. And those three things in Tier 3, Tier 4 cities help drive train as a basis of design in those cities as well. It’s been a formula that we follow for years and it’s been very successful for us. We know that that grow as a large service tail and we know that we grow our margins by leveraging the SG&A and manufacturing base around that. So, to put into context, the strategy has been very successful. We put a PGT in place about two years. We fully localized product portfolio. In unitary duct to ductless, we’ve been there and applied sometime. We added a 178 selling and marketing people onto the street over the last 12 months. And a 165 of those, we put in just since January. So, the project pipeline we’re seeing in China is up 211%, so just speaks for clearly it’s three times larger than what it would have been last year at the same time around that pipeline. So year-to-date, we’ve seen bookings growth in unitary, it’s actually been 40% plus. We’ve had mid 20s revenue growth unitary. Unitary is now 25% of the mix that we have in the equipment in China. We’ve also then able to grow the apply business of twice the market margin rate year-to-date and we’re seeing excellence service growth. So, again, it’s become so successful that it really is -- we classified as price, but we’re growing this accretively to the Company. And long-term is the right and most successful strategy that we know how to conduct. By the way, we would have a similar strategy -- there are nuances to what we will be doing in Europe or Latin America. But every region of the world, it's got a unique strategy and China has just been very successful for us.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I would say first to the starting point, nothing has changed that would make us less bullish in the end markets than we were five years ago when we talked everybody at Analyst Day. Outlook continues to be very positive that we see continued five months ago. Low single digits to mid single digit growth in North America commercial and that we’re going to drive share gains. Our project pipeline is actually stronger today than it was last year at the same time. We also think inflation in 2018 is fairly consistent with what we expected five months ago. We think it's going to be much more copper related which is much easier for us to set pricing and costs into the factories about how to price and the cover that as opposed to steel, which is very difficult on the longer lead items. So, we think that would be more manageable for us. So saying with where we’re five months ago, the CAGR of 4% to 4.5% that was a three year period, 11% to 13% EPS growth over that period would still very much encourage for us. We’re very confident about that what they’ve done in the fourth quarter. But a lot of that’s underpinned that we’re seeing strength not only in North America but across the globe and you’re seeing that in even Latin America. Sue pointed out, mid teens growth rate in Latin America finally seeing some recovery there. And don’t forget that’s an important market for us too, that’s a $0.5 billion in revenue in the climate space for us.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Nigel, it’s a very specific definition we use and we say that if it's equipment coming out of the factory using, the same machine and assembly processes, that we mark that as price. But clearly what you’re seeing in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities is even more discontented product, and you’re seeing that generally those have done some of the local players that have done that market. So, it is max more than its price, but again for consistency of what we’ve been talking about, we classify on the bridges prices just to keep it sort of straight for everybody at this point in time. But it is something that if you move past China, you look at say res for example. On the residential North American business, we grew margins considerably, we grew share considerably and we’re managing that. If you go to the balance of the commercial business that’s excluding the Middle East and Asia, but largely covering inflation there, and of course from the industrial side we’re covering inflation there completely. So, it is really isolated to this penetration we’re seeing in China. Middle East is a bit different. Here you've just this fact that you’ve got the same number of competitors fighting over fewer projects there. And so, you’re going to have a bit more competition there as well.
Mike Lamach: In 2018, I think that we’re clear that we’ve got a moderating steel environment. We’ve got a copper environment that we can lock a good portion with understanding at the beginning of the year. We feel like generally speaking, it’s a more manageable year in terms of the global material inflation, pricing scenario. And specific to Asia, it’s really a matter of just getting scale on some of these, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities, getting additional service density in these cities. And we know how to grow margins from there. So, again it’s a long-term view towards China. I think we’ve seen improvement in 2018 in China leverage.
Mike Lamach: Yes, there is nothing structurally different about the competition in these markets. We’ve had high-teens growth before in Europe. We’ve had substantial growth in Europe over the last few years. It’s really about new product introduction around next generating refrigerants, building out of controls portfolio or wireless portfolio or double-digit growth there, more digital involvements in connecting our businesses remotely, more service feet on the street. So, it’s always been a competitive environment, but you are able to differentiate that business on total cost of ownership which is 90% of that equation is not the initial cost, it’s -- the energy efficiency in the maintenance and the liability to product over the long haul, and nothing has changed about our value proposition there at all.
Mike Lamach: Yes, relatively to 2018, Nigel. I will tell you that we’re going to generate $300 million plus in productivity like we do every year. It’s going to be direct material, it’s going to be PGT led with engineering and product management and operations, that will be both direct and indirect in that regard. I think what’s going to be different for us as we spent a couple of quarters in excruciating detail understanding the G&A and sort of benchmarks and ideas around reducing G&A across the Company, which will show up strict on the G&A line overtime between 2018 and 2020 over a multi-year period, certainly starting in 2018 will have an impact. We also see opportunities with a lot of what we’ve done around automation in lien around things like warehouse consolidations and logistics opportunities that we are able to take advantage. I think, yes, we’ll start to see those in 2018 as well. So, what I’m saying in addition to the normal high levels of productivity that we'd expect in the operating system, there are couple of projects that literally we’re having to build program offices, and [succumb] very talented people into the program office to be able to drive, what’s likely to be hundreds of projects that roll up into these two bigger ideas. But I think that we get more leverage in ’18, ’19 and ‘20 from those things. and I’m pretty excited about it. We talked about at your conference in fact and I’m glad you asked me the question.
Mike Lamach: Yes, growth again in North America, you know in the quarter nice growth in the quarter there. So, I don’t anticipate a pre-buy there for say. There could be some, I mean it will be great if there was, but we don’t anticipate much of one at this point in time. But we are going to be sure that we’ve built inventory and that we’re talking to customers about what is stackable and in fact if they want to take that on.
Mike Lamach: Yes, thanks Steve. We’ve got about 260 part stores today. Generally speaking, we’ve got them where we want them. We were adding up through last year but we’ve got the coverage we generally need, and we’re finding opportunities to transition some of that digitally. So, it doesn't all have to be brick-and-mortar but there are 260 brick-and-mortar stores that are out there. What you’re finding on unitary books rather than commercial now is, there is this past year in particular much more of a bias with customers replacing than repairing. So, I do think that, that's put a little bit of pressure on mix. But for the right reason, you’re really seeing people at this point in time doing wholesale replacements.
Mike Lamach: Yes, a 1,000 maybe and see, we’ve been working at that for a long time. That’s not -- this hasn’t been something that you'd pull out of our company is being the large mover and shaker around the business. But, they are an important part of the business and we’ve got a 260 to coverage we think we need.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I have no doubt Rich, but the planning we'll do for 2018 will have us coming back to more normalized leverage in that business. And we’ve built a portfolio that should be agnostic to the product specifically. I mean as you know applied has got a little lower margin, but great service base over the long period of time. And unitary gives you a little bit of the margin pop sooner, but this is not happening in the world and an up growth in the world that I expect again good growth in 2018. The pipeline supports that. We think we’ve got a more manageable mix of inflation moving from steel to copper, easier to get on top of that from a pricing perspective. So -- and then the question I answered to the Nigel last, if we can do a bit more around some of the rooftop consolidation a bit more around the G&A leverage in the Company, no doubt that will get back to where we’ve historically been.
Mike Lamach: Yes. So, one of the issues in top I know from an analyst to investors perspective is to take that Dodge where ABI data. And about it you can do is to take that phase value. But, I’ve always said that Dodge data would really account for about 50% of what we consider to be the market, the visible market would be would Dodge is reporting about 50% -- frankly for the good 50% is the negotiated piece of that -- the negotiated retrofit of the performance contracting side of that. And that’s where we’ve got the added benefit of looking at a pipeline and those pipelines are well done. It’s a process that we’ve been running in our company for a long time. It’s a high level of confidence about what gets reported in there and how we assign close rates and probability to those projects. And so, when I look at, what I see for 2018, I see a good runway and good projects. There is a number of very large projects that have the possibility of going in 2018 for us, that we generally wouldn’t put into a forecast. We generally wouldn’t even put into our guidance. But similar to what happened in 2016, we’re at historic ’17 a little bit for us, we’re going to have a little bit of that 2018 as well. These projects will range from $50 million to $200 million apiece, and so they’re going to move the numbers a great deal up in fact they hit. But excluding those, we see a strong pipeline including those, there is a very strong pipeline.
Mike Lamach: One really good data point for us that I’ll tell you on this call is that you know we’re very indexed towards very large compressors. We’re number one is centrifugal compression technology in that space. And of course you know that that carries 40 to 50% pull-through on service along with that overtime. And that has grown in the mid-20s, booking growth during the year, and it grew in the mid-20s again in the third quarter. So we’re feeling good about what that means for 2018 shipments and even beginning to formulate early 2019 shipments around some of the larger compressors. So that’s an exciting change for us as it relates to backlog being built in large compressors, and it's exciting that it relates to the kind of leverage we expect to see from that.
Mike Lamach: Julian, without setting guides being carefully here. That’s sort of the general theme about how we think about setting plans would be to have about 100 bps of positive spread there. And then I take you back to my boxer analogy and that works great sitting in November and December, and then as you get into January and take a punch to figure out how do you use all the tools at your disposals to win the fight. So that would be our sort of going in idea, and then we want to make sure we’re doing is we’re putting some additional levers in place around ideas like rooftop consolidation in G&A that would be additive to that. Our in the event of that inflation, our pricing wouldn’t behave the way we expect it to. We’ve got some additional counter measures in place.
Mike Lamach: Yes. And to be clear, Jeff, we’ve got all of the product now in the market place, the ducted and ductless and applied and controls in the marketplace. So, we’re fully functional there. What will happen is, we'll get certain feature sets there are often specified by others into the Tier 3, Tier 4 cities. You got and you try to explain the value and the total cost of ownership around that and overtime, we’re pretty successful with that. But initially, you tend to find feature side that carry lower margins and perhaps something you'd find in Beijing and Shanghai typically. In fact, the product development going on now around the unitary space, if you take the unitary product that we have and actually go the other way with that, which is some high efficiency unitary coming back in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities around that. And again this is all in the commercial space, not on the residential space at all. So, it’s a very thoughtful strategy overtime about putting manufacturing product management operation in place, product growth teams, feet on the street, incrementally quite a few as a result of all this. And then excellent execution on the ground by the team there, to the point where you just don’t forecast for 40% plus growth rate as you’re doing your plans. You set goals and objectives around those sort of things, but you don't sort of plan those things, but the team has generated sort of -- they’ve been on top of even though stretch goals, which to me is really solid execution. In the long run, it’s building out a strong base and it’s not changed, but half of the world’s chillers and the last five years have gone in the China, half the world is chillers going to go in China in the next five years. And it makes sense like it does everywhere for us to have a full unitary, applied, controls, service and digital footprint and for that to be direct on the commercial side. And that’s what we’re doing.
Mike Lamach: Yes. When I look back to 2008, 2009, it would have been in that 10% range compared to North America or Western Europe 50%. Today, it’s in that 20%, 25% range, and it will continue to move up, and over the next say 5 to 10 years look alike Western Europe and North America no doubt about that. The equipments get more sophisticated, customers expectations around energy efficiency and around sustainability goals in China much more stringent than they have been in the past. All those things really lead more towards the OEM having the advantage in maintaining the equipment.
Mike Lamach: Yes, we don’t have to need to build the additional factories in Asia. We’ve got a substantial footprint today and we continue to lien it out. So, we’re -- lines are running are faster and less space. And the more scale we get the faster we can run the lines and hypothetically the less space per dollar of margin we’re going to need. So, I don’t have the plan thus needing to build the factory in China at any point in the future.
Mike Lamach: And Joe just to confirm, price and res is exceeding material inflation, and we grew margins again in the quarter. The hurricane impact to us was not in the res space, and in res space, we were able to move inventory into the market and we’re well positioned there. The impact for us was really losing three weeks of time in Puerto Rico at the manufacturing facility. And they are just to skip to it, it wasn’t the factory itself, we had the factory up and running with our own temporary power with plenty of diesel, plenty of water. It was the fact that it was so difficult for our employees in the market that many of them who lost the home, lost everything, will just enable to come to work or didn’t have the means to come to work to be able to build products. So we’re back up, we've been back up for couple of weeks, we’re running at rate where we haven’t missed a beat in terms of customers there. We plan ahead to build for hurricanes in advance and so we have stock there just waiting for the ports to open up a little bit to shift them back out. But just to skip to that, it really wasn’t our res business for us and it’s largely in the thermochem business.
Mike Lamach: Yes, thanks Andy. It’s a good probably opportunity to step back and talk about all the changes, some of which you mentioned and some that there’ll be a good catch up on. Robert and Didier have been great partner to this company for a long time, both had plans for 2018 retirements, we begin to put pen and paper on January 2017, and we’ve got Robert who will step out in January of 2018 and Didier in September of 2018. So, we’re able to benefit from their involvement for some time yet. At that point, we begin to plan and then early September, the 5th of September, we actually pointed Dave Regnery as the EVP combining those two roles. And really what’s happened here is we’ve had very strong consistent leadership at the SP level for now long time. We’re not at the same place we were five years ago and so the role has changed and I’ve got a lot of confidence in Dave and Dave’s capability, 30 years for the Company, and obviously doing a great job with the HVAC business in North America and EMEA. Lived in different parts of the world and managed about every part of the Company at one point there or another. At the same time, we put Dave in that role. We moved Donny Simmons into Dave’s role. Now, Donny, you all would have met at our Investor Day. Donny was leading fluid, material, handling, power tools. He led a large part of the commercial North America and trained organization before that. Before that, he was in finance both the climate segment and going all the way back TK. So, Donny stepped into that role. A couple of weeks later, Gary had announced his intention to retire from the Company at the end of September. Concurrent with Gary’s announcement, we’ve appointed Jason Bingham. Jason is the President for HVAC and Supply. He also spoke at the Analyst Conference, if you recall. Jason was running our controls contracting and digital business. It’s been built into a $1 billion plus business for us overtime, and he’s got a 26 years tenure with the Company going back to 1991, strong commercial, strong residential background. So, he is a fish in water, really in the res business. And then, we had also the planned retirement of Marc Dufour. Marc runs our Club Car business and Marc is going to retire in January of 2018. So, we announced Marc's retirement around the same time, 36 years with us over that period of time. And Mark Wagner who you would have all again met at [indiscernible] Conference, Mark was one of the speakers there is running our Club Car for us. So, it’s really leveraging very strong total talent, very good communication by the senior executives in the Company around their succession plans and timing. The tremendous willingness with them to work with us around dates so that it could work for everybody and have a good continuity. We’re very excited about the changes that we’ve got and these guys have been in place now for a couple of months, good month at this point and its pretty exciting.
Mike Lamach: Yes, and if I put it really simply I would say that the Tier 3, Tier 4 strategy and some of the larger infrastructure projects are caring about five points lower gross margin. Let’s say then the Tier 1, Tier 2 cities, historical applied market. And the fact that we’ve grown that at a rate twice the rate of the other business has just put margin mix pressure there. And that again adding a 178 people into the mix, it takes awhile for those people to ramp up. But you know again 40 plus % growth rate sets the ramping up pretty quickly.
Mike Lamach: Yes, James I think we've closed four transaction or will close four transaction by the end of the month. So I wouldn’t assume that all to be in the telematics space and that would have been the largest of the group. But the couple of 100 million is really laid out and will have that close by the end of the month. The balance of that is our best guess of stuff in flight of which I would say between $50 million and $200 million. There is a number of things in flight there that the timing could be off slightly, it could be a quarter off here or there, but those are lining up nicely as well to. And it ranges between, channel and technology being added to the core portfolio.
Mike Lamach: Yes, the commercial is a little easier to predict than res. Commercial, you can -- we can predict a great rental boom and followed by immediate service requirement and we put people into those locations to be able to provide service from out of states. And then depending upon the criticality of what it is that you’re conditioning space for, those things move really quick. Res, you got everything between the tip of the tail, which is people with insurance maybe a bit more fluent, who are able to step in very quickly without insurance and replace. You’ve got actually the body of the bell curve which is folks are waiting for insurance that can take some time to process and it’s probably at this point 2018 event, I should think about that. And you’ve got sort of other part of the bell curve, people without insurance that may not be able to step in and buy that as well. So, that will take one year to three years before that happens. So, generally over one year or two years, you see growth as a result of us, so the net of it usually growth, but it usually takes one year to two years for that to show up.
Sue Carter: And Nigel, it's Sue. Let me add a little bit of color on the pricing to that, I think it is important and it really doesn’t come out in all the detail that we’ve got. So, we talked about the prices actually positive in both of the segments which it is. The other piece there is that the pricing that we have achieved in the year eventually higher than last year. Again, we know the inflationary pressures that we’ve got, but we have really been able to build positive pricing in the areas of the world. And in total, it is positive in a dollar terms on a year-over-year basis and it’s fairly significant. And it does have the headwind and there aren’t price from Asia. So, I don’t want anyone to think that the pricing is actually not strong and that we haven’t achieved pricing in 2017, we acutely have and it’s actually stronger than it was in 2016.
Sue Carter: And Steve, I would also point out that in the context of our parts stores, the 260 that Mike mentioned that stores both commercial and the residential markets for as. And in fact, the commercial is a little heavier than residential in terms of overall sales for those parts stores.
Sue Carter: No, I mean, Joe, I think we follow our normal cadence some of which might be in the fourth quarter and some in the first quarter, but there is no discussion that we’re having about pulling any of that forward on a different schedule than normal.
Sue Carter: Joe, that’s an interesting area. We are pulling back a little bit, but let me tell you how that’s actually coming about because this is not Mike and I going out and saying, we need to cut investments. So, I would expect the fourth quarter to be a little higher than the third quarter, but no more near what the math would tell you that you would pull in, it's not 30 by any stretch. But our businesses as we closer to actually going through the projects that are in the investment. And again our investments are mostly in new products development channel, and some IT type of investments are actually looking at the projects, and then return on those projects are not coming to the conclusion that the returns are not at the expectations that they have and we have as a company. And so, they’re the ones pulling them off the table and perhaps going back to do some additional work on those business cases and maybe they'll show up again in 2018, but it’s really SPU driven pulling down those investments in the back half of the year and we’re very supportive of that on for those reasons.
Sue Carter: And the other element, Andrew, is that. Asia, China specifically has had material inflation that has escalated throughout the year. So when we talk about that being persistent, it is very persistent in fact if I look at where biggest impact occurs, it’s a commercial HVAC and North America followed by Asia Pacific followed by residential. So, they’ve also had that headwind that was bigger than what we thought earlier in the year and that also contributes to that dynamic.
