Vicente Reynal: Yes, Andy, let me just give you a little bit of color. I mean, as you saw, we said roughly April total orders down 20% book-to-bill greater than 1, from a book-to-bill perspective, the Industrial Technology and the Precision and Science were greater than 1 and obviously leading the way. I would say, in terms of IT&S, in particular, I will categorize it as the short cycle was most impacted in the quarter and continue to see some relatively weakness here moving forward. I mean it's mostly correlated to, I guess, maybe the PMI from the down in the Midstream, which is what we consider to be more on the long cycle. I will say comparatively a bit more stable in the first quarter and we kind of continue to see maybe some of that in the month of April. Again, typically we tend to get the orders for that long cycle now in the first half of the year in order to get shipments in the second half. And from a PPL -- from a power tool perspective, yes, I mean, rough quarter in Q1, as I alluded. I mean, last year they were seeing some fairly good growth momentum from their expansion into online retailers and you saw that in the first quarter, many of these online retailers, they moved to have another kind of more household goods or critical needs to fight COVID-19 and clearly this business saw some of the impact. I'll say, April sale is relatively slow. So we haven't seen the pivot of the momentum of the power tool business.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, so as I said, Andy, I mean, that's kind of what we're targeting for. And, I mean, as you have seen, we have performed well in the down cycles in the past. I think we have a good solid playbook that we executed in the 2015, 2016 that included both, not only in industrial downturn, but also in upstream downturn. Base decrementals, they tend to be around 40% across the business with slightly higher in businesses like the High Pressure, as you mentioned, as well as the Precision and Science because of a nice high gross margins that those businesses have and lower on the Specialty Vehicles and the Industrial Technologies, they tend to play in that kind of 40% range. You've seen that we have taken very decisive actions between synergies and the short-term actions to protect the margin. We saw, as you mentioned, some very good first quarter results for the total business under 30% and Q2, we'll clearly see a bit more pressure from a topline perspective, but we will continue to manage the decrementals with the target being closer to that 30% of the EBITDA. And when you think about the actions, we're clearly taking much more aggressive actions on the High Pressure around cost actions based on what we see here with a lot of our data points and the long duration of the downturn that we expect that business to have.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So maybe break it down into the two buckets, as you suggest, I mean, on the $40 million to $50 million that we spoke about, that are kind of more related to discretionary or kind of volume related. Those are largely second quarter and the third quarter with a good majority, I would say, more so on the second quarter. From a cost synergy perspective, the $70 million -- out of the $80 million to $90 million of in-year, roughly $70 million of that is headcount and I will say that is kind of consistent through the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, while the other roughly $10 million to $20 million that comes from procurement, it is really more weighted toward that kind of Q3 and Q4.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Mike, as you'll recall, we always said that we were going for a funnel higher than the $250 million as we were 60-days into the transaction. We have obviously a much more kind of line and clear visibility as to what that funnel could potentially be. Roughly that $100 million comes from a combination of structural savings, as well as some quick footprint rationalization, kind of, non-manufacturing. As I alluded to on the Investors Call that we had back in April that we have now a pretty good database of all the locations across the world and that is giving us a very good way for us to really understand and rationalize, not so much the manufacturing yet, because we still see manufacturing kind of come in year two, year three, but more of the other kind of quick hits that we can take from a footprint perspective.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. No, absolutely, Mike, I mean, I think, clearly over the next couple of years, we see M&A continue to be really part of our strategy. Still we see it's a very unique environment right now. We still see, at this point in time, some very good funnel on bolt-on. We see also very good funnel around the Precision and Science as well as some of the Industrial Technologies, but they're really more related toward bolt-ons.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So to the first question, yes, I mean, I think, I mean, China was definitely impacted largely in January and February. The legacy IR business, they have a pretty sizable China exposure and we saw an impact to that. In terms of the service, we saw service better than original equipment. I mean, typically we saw roughly about two times from a percentage perspective, better performance than the original equipment. And just to kind of give you maybe a little bit more color here, particularly, as you know there is some external ways of comparing some of the Industrial Technologies, the Industrial Technologies is composed of multiple technologies, compressors, vacuums and blowers. And our compressor business is clearly within the Industrial Technologies. When we specifically compare to some of the competitors, couple of data points that we look at is what I referenced in terms of the third-party report. At the same time, just to give you further perspective, the legacy Gardner Denver business, in Q1, orders were down in the low single-digit, which is kind of comparable to what we saw in the market and since we didn't own the legacy IR for the full quarter, we just tend to not comment on what we saw specifically January and February that they saw from an order perspective, but that hopefully gives you a good perspective as to how we were able to perform even on the legacy.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nigel, so for sure, that's what we're targeting to be, breakeven, even positive. I mean, we're taking some pretty aggressive actions. At the same time, I mean, this business is now 100% aftermarket and consumables. So that kind of carries a much better margin profile too as well. And those factories that are kind of not needed based on volume, I mean, we're basically keeping them closed or in very, very low exposure. So yes, I mean, I think, the team has a pretty good playbook on how to navigate this. It is something that we have done extensive work and I think we see that we can definitely overcome these kind of long-term. And our plan is that it's going to be down for a while. And to the second question, I mean, clearly, it's a market that, as you saw, we just invested in a new fluid end technology so that when the market comes back up again, we can be ready for capturing some accelerating market share.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Jeff, great question. I mean -- so in terms of the historical data, we don't have a lot of historical because, as you know, as you can imagine, a lot of these remote monitoring systems and connectivity with the IoT platforms that we both companies have now, it's fairly new. But we have enough data to then break it down by the specific soft end markets and that -- I mean, the indication here is that is telling us where are those market that we should continue to play or double down from a service perspective. So it is helping us to redirect the teams. It is also helping us to really better serve our customers and making sure that we're still more resilient from that perspective. In terms of being down 30%, I mean, I think we just see that as a bit of indication as to what could happen here. But as you just very well pointed out, it doesn't give us a great correlation as we don't have a lot of historical data to really extrapolate here. So what we're doing is just taking that data point to really reassess our commercial teams and refocusing them on those areas, regions, and markets that we're still seeing some very good utilization of the compressors.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So for sure, yes, I mean, for sure, the power tool and the lifting business was one that it was worse than that. I mean, the power tools -- they have two main product lines. I mean, it's that tool business, but also they have a lifting business that is kind of more related to factory consumption or factory rationalization. So I think that was impacted more so and then China as a region was definitely heavily impacted and from the other product lines, in terms of the longer cycle, which these are kind of brands like Nash, Garo, Liquid Ring Pumps and Liquid Ring Vacuums. Those are more longer cycle and those were, I'll say, more stable and resilient.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Dave. I mean, I think, when we look at the inventory in those channel, I mean, there's just not a lot of inventory and I am going to describe this from a compressor perspective, which is obviously the one that has the biggest size of the distribution network. And it is also a more particularly towards the Gardner Denver branded products. We don't tend to have a lot of inventory because these are particularly smaller distributors, more sub bridging alliance, more localized, they don't tend to put a lot of cash upfront to have compressors on the shelf. So to speak, I mean, maybe on the smaller compressors they may, but not on the medium to high level compressors and the inventory will come in more on consumables aftermarket and parts. But those tend to really move fairly well, I mean, they turn fairly quickly.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Great question. Yes, it is all categorized that has a set stabilization and initially and then obviously, when look at it within the month, I mean, at the month of April, there are some slight improvements on the second half of April compared to first half.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Just outside more so definitely in Q1 in China, if you want to think about it's kind of that drives disruption completely. Also in the first quarter maybe some disruption from the perspective of in Europe, particularly in Italy. I mean, we do have some very good manufacturing base in Italy and we although we stayed operationally, I mean, most of our suppliers have to shutdown. I would say that now as kind of the comment that I made before we see kind of there is lower demand level kind of getting more civilized. But still not seeing that kind of recovery and we're just kind of waiting to see how the recovery will play out.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I think that's exactly the case. I mean at this point of time, we think we want to keep it up 250, just we think it's prudent. And we think it's prudent because we're -- I mean, clearly focused on a lot of the internal funnel and execution. You see how we accelerated and we executed. I mean, this is not just talking about the savings, it's savings that just over executed. But there's a component around procurement and i2V savings, innovative value that is born independent. And when we did the $250 million cost synergy funnel, it was on based on 2019 kind of run-rate level, so to speak was 10 levels. So we just want to be prudent from kind of going out there and saying that the 250 will increase. Once we're ready, we'll definitely and when we see this kind of more stability or normalization in the markets, maybe we come back with that. But at this point in time, we're accelerating where we can control. And we know that we can control that structural headcount out and that's exactly what we executed. We know we can control a lot of the quick wins and procurement because commodities are lower and we are executing that and we know we can control a lot of discretionary spend and that's exactly what we also executed. So we're very focused on kind of going through the list of things that we can really execute.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Nathan. This is -- I'll say some very good cost controls, but also some very good momentum that we had also from the medical business. If you remember last year, when we talked about the medical business, we were seeing upwards of 200 basis points margin improvement and the medical business finishing last year at roughly 30%, 31% EBITDA margin. So, again very good momentum from that business and clearly as we saw some softness in the market, the team continued to execute those targets that they needed to get done. I think, when you look at this business, that I mean, it has some very nice gross margins and the decremental, that days decrementals are typically 45 or so. I mean, pretty good job that the team did here in order to get decremental down to the 15%. And I'll say from a long-term perspective, we'll definitely comeback with getting some kind of medium to long-term perspective. I'll just do a quick comparison then you can see that medical we were able to not only, just a few years ago that medical business was in the 25.6% EBITDA margin and we finished last year in the 31% EBITDA margin and there's a just a lot of good commonalities between the medical and the legacy, PFS and ARO business that are within this segment.
Vicente Reynal: I mean, I say not necessarily Nathan, I mean, I think is one that we live by day-by-day. I mean clearly on the high pressure solution, which is, as you mentioned, the most explodes, I mean, customers are still paying, they take longer to pay, but they still pay. They also realize that from an option perspective that our business is critical and essential for when the market comes back up again. So, we have been pretty strict in many cases that we need to see the payments or we will stop shipments and then we cease to provide any type of output of products either now or later in the in the future. So I think we're really executing a good playbook here on collections within teams.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Nicole that's great. I mean, I think, we typically see kind of the base, what I call the base level of incremental to be for the total business between 35 to 40%. Again, when you look at Precision and Science, maybe higher than that, Specialty Vehicles lower than that, with maybe Industrial Technology is about that level. Definitely, we'll see a little bit of a headwind, as we see a lot of these structural activities that we're doing to come to fruition. We also see a lot of tailwinds, I'm sorry, with the tailwinds a lot of these kind of structural costs come out, which is amongst some of the headwinds. But as we kind of get closer to coming out here to our budgets and how we kind of work with the teams, we'll definitely find ways on how we can continue to get that incremental margin, obviously to be at a minimum at that base or more.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I think -- if you think about at 10 to 20 coming in this year. As you'll go into 2021, assuming maybe kind of current volume levels, it'll be 20 to 40 million. So that's maybe at least that what you can see here coming from Wave 1 on an annualized level at current volumes. And that obviously is only covering, a portion of the total spend with Wave 2 and Wave 3 coming up out here in the second half of the year.
Vicente Reynal: I mean, it will definitely be a much a little bit higher than that. I mean, I think at this point time, you could say 40 to 50 could be upwards of 60.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I mean, I think this is a segment we like a lot by the way that this businesses are kind of so -- kind of niche and very, very solid market positions. And it has just a load of great descriptors such as kind of high gross margins and very specialized pumps that kind of really solidly mission-critical in the processes where they apply. We continue to see that there's a lot of potential not only inorganic, but also organically and we're doing a lot of work on that whether you take technologies like the ARO and combine that with like a either Haskel branded product or a Milton Roy product and then you can actually create some uniqueness in terms of applications and then enter some new markets. And that's what a lot of the team are doing is, how do we are being thoughtful and mindful on some of those vertical markets and kind of new niche adjacent areas that we want to play in. And not only do that organically, but then see what other technologies from a bolt-on perspective we can acquire. So, a lot of really great work strategically going on this segment to really picture this on how we kind of bolt it.
Vicente Reynal: Sure Johnny. So I mean what I said on the call is that it is on specific horsepowers and when we saw that we liked is this is in the U.S. based on the third party report. And we like because it was really very complimentary. So you look at the legacy Gardner Denver,we saw some share takes in the low to medium horsepower. While we saw on the Ingersoll Rand some share take on the high kind of larger horsepower compressors. I will categorize that as Ingersoll Rand has done a pretty good job on launching some new technology on the on the larger horsepower. Well, as you know, from a Gardner Denver perspective, we have been more focused on the medium-to-small compressor. And I think, this is what I mentioned on the call that this is a great hypotheses that we had on these great merge and combining the two companies because now we have great new complimentary products and spectrum of technologies that a lot of these that I mentioned is on the oil lubricated, which is very good solid kind of core product line. But as we spoke about during the April call, now also the oil free product line spectrum So again, it's new technology, new products and be able to do to show that uniqueness of differentiation on the product that teams are launching.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you. I just want to close out by saying thanks to everyone for your interest in Ingersoll Rand. I want to do another shout out and thank you to our employees that are obviously doing a lot of work here to stay healthy, stay safety. And at the same time provide to our customers mission-critical product that are needed in these kind of current market conditions. So, hopefully everyone stay safe and healthy and we'll look forward to talking to you over the next few weeks. Thank you.
