Vikram Kini: Thanks, Vicente. On Slide 9, despite the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, we delivered solid results in Q1 through a balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by IRX. Total company organic orders and revenue declined 7% and 1% year-over-year, respectively. Both organic orders and revenue finished largely in line with expectations given the tough comps from the prior year. However, we did see approximately $15 million of revenue shift out of Q1 and into Q2 due primarily to customer site readiness. An additional headwind of approximately 1% due to FX as compared to our initial guidance. The year-over-year decline in organic orders was primarily driven by the timing of large long-cycle orders. It's important to note that on a 2-year stack, total company organic orders and revenue grew 1% and 20% year-over-year, respectively.  We remain encouraged by the strength of our backlog, which was up approximately 2% year-over-year as well as our book-to-bill for the quarter, which was 1.02x. This provides us with a healthy backlog to execute on for the balance of the year and gives us conviction in delivering our full year 2024 revenue guidance. The company delivered first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $459 million, a 15% year-over-year improvement and adjusted EBITDA margin of 27.5%, a 290 basis point year-over-year improvement. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.78 for the quarter, which is up 20% as compared to the prior year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $99 million, and total liquidity was $3.5 billion, with $1.5 billion of cash on hand at quarter end. Our net leverage was 0.7 turns, which is 0.4 turns better than the prior year.  Turning to Slide 10. For the total company on an FX-adjusted basis, Q1 orders declined 4% and revenue declined 3%. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 15% from the prior year. The ITS segment margin increased 370 basis points while the PST segment margin increased 50 basis points year-over-year. Overall, Ingersoll Rand expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 290 basis points.  The improvement in adjusted EBITDA was driven by 390 basis points of gross margin expansion, largely driven by our continued execution of I2V initiatives and pricing. Partially offsetting this gross margin expansion were investments in SG&A centered around commercial footprint and R&D initiatives.  Corporate costs came in at $44 million for the quarter. And finally, adjusted EPS for the quarter was up 20% year-over-year to $0.78 per share, and the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 21.3%.  On the next slide, I'd like to take a minute to highlight the $1 billion increase to our share repurchase program. This repurchase authorization is incremental to the remaining amount on the existing $750 million authorization and is currently expected to start being executed against in the first quarter of 2025. Much like the prior authorization, we would expect to utilize the new $1 billion share repurchase authorization over a 3-year time period. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged and share repurchases are an important part of that strategy.  M&A remains our top priority for our capital allocation, and we continue to expect M&A to be our primary use of cash as we look ahead. Free cash flow for the quarter was $99 million, including CapEx, which totaled $62 million.  The year-over-year decline in free cash flow of $49 million was driven primarily by two factors. First, approximately $40 million of CapEx timing. As outlined in our guidance, our expected CapEx spend remains unchanged at approximately 2% of revenue for the full year.  And second, approximately $20 million of interest payment timing. Due to the bond issuance completed in August of 2023, interest payments on those bonds are now made twice per year as compared to our prior structure which was generally paid evenly over the course of the year. This will normalize as we move throughout the year.  Total company liquidity now stands at $3.5 billion based on approximately $1.5 billion of cash and $2 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. Leverage for the quarter was 0.7 turns, which was a 0.4 turn improvement year-over-year.  And specifically, within the quarter, cash outflows included $143 million deployed to M&A as well as $81 million returned to shareholders, of which $73 million of the share repurchases and $8 million for our dividend payment.  I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segments. 
Vikram Kini: Yes, maybe I'll jump in there, Mike. I think -- in terms of the order activity here, first and foremost, we did see book-to-bill above 1 for the first quarter, about 1.02x, which is very much in line, I think, with how we intended for the year to start. And as a reminder, we typically are above 1 for the first half of the year and below 1 in the second half, largely due to normal seasonality as well as the shipment of -- for long-cycle projects.  I think as we move into Q2, I think that the Q2 comps, particularly on a year-over-year basis, are still, I'd say, a touch challenging, and I think they normalize a bit more as we move into the back half of the year. So again, very consistent, I think, with how we saw things coming into the year. And I think by and large, Q1 played itself out largely as we expected. 
Vikram Kini: Yes, sure. Let me maybe start with that latter point there. Let's start with the margins. So I think maybe in the context of the total company, I think the full year guide implies slightly more than 100 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. And it's worth noting that's actually ahead of our Investor Day targets that we communicated late last year, which was about 75 basis points.  So we're actually quite pleased with the continued momentum we're seeing. And yes, as you indicated here, clearly, ITS probably is the leader of the pack in that respect. But what I would say here is Q1, our expectation certainly will be our highest margin expansion on a quarterly basis for the year, and we expect the levels of margin expansion to kind of moderate as we move into the latter half of the year. Now that being said, Mike, I think we would say, we continue to be really operationally focused, QFD focused, and we'll continue to try and drive outperformance where possible.  To the first part of your question in terms of I'd say the phasing and the seasonality, nothing I'd point to that's dramatically different than what you've seen in prior years, whether you want to look at it from an earnings perspective, first half versus second half as well as what I spoke to earlier on the book-to-bill cadence. So again, I'd say relatively consistent with what you've seen, but we're very encouraged with the strong start to the year we saw in Q1. 
Vikram Kini: Yes. And then, I mean, I'll take the revenue side of that question, Julian. So I think to answer your first part, yes, we do expect to see Q2 revenue performance sequentially trend upwards from Q1. So I think that's a completely fair statement.  I think specifically with regards to Q2, and maybe I'll focus my commentary a little bit more year-over-year here. We do expect to see Q2 up, what I'll say, low single digit on an organic revenue growth perspective, with continued year-over-year EBITDA margin expansion.  And then I think as far as kind of the other kind of moving components, not dramatically different than, frankly, what you saw in Q1, meaning M&A contribution comparable to what you saw in Q1, FX, I mean a slight headwind on a year-over-year basis. And we would obviously expect to see that organic growth be roughly speaking, maybe 2/3 to 1/3 price to volume split.  So again, I think relatively consistent with the same messaging you've seen before. But yes, we do expect to see continued good momentum into Q2. 
Vikram Kini: Yes. And Julian, maybe I'll keep it at relatively high level. But I think the way we would think about it here is, obviously, Q1, really strong performance, particularly on the margin side of the equation, over 27% EBITDA margin profile.  I think the way we should think about it here is we do expect revenue and EBITDA dollars to grow sequentially. We would expect EBITDA margins to continue to be healthy. It's probably worth noting when you think about that in the translation down to EPS, we did benefit a little bit in the first quarter from a tax rate perspective, which we do expect to normalize a little bit.  So that will create a little bit of some of that sequential noise from Q1 to Q2, but again, nothing that we'd point to from an operational perspective. We continue to expect good healthy flow-through, good margins. And yes, we do -- just to be very clear, we do expect to see sequential improvement on the revenue and the EBITDA dollar side of the equation. 
Vikram Kini: Yes. And then Jeff, to the second part of your question on the incrementals. The way I would probably think about it is just, frankly, a continuation of what Vicente spoke to.  When you think about the biggest drivers that Vicente spoke to, whether it be the I2V, the direct material kind of productivity initiatives, frankly, really solid price cost flow through where as we messaged coming into the year, we expected inflationary headwinds kind of move sideways. That's frankly what we saw, and we saw good price realization in the first quarter. There's really no expectation that should be dramatically different for the balance of the year.  And then the restructuring actions, which just to even provide a little bit more color, we took some targeted restructuring actions at the tail end of last year. You actually saw, we also did some in Q1 of this year. So again, that's all leading to that kind of incremental that we would expect for the full year, which is getting now closer to that 50%. 
Vikram Kini: Yes, Jeff, let me take that one. So yes, to your point, just to be very clear, obviously, our guidance does not include ILC Dover as the deal has not closed. To Vicente's kind of earlier comments, we do expect to close later in the quarter. So again, we would expect nominal if any impact in Q2. As far as the balance of the year, which I'm really now focusing on the second half, we would expect to see some nominal EPS impact.  But again, as we get through the quarter and frankly, as we give our next earnings where we expect that the deal will close later this quarter, we'll give you a little bit more color for the back half of the year as we kind of get to deal closure. But again, I'd say nominal EPS impact as we sit here right now for the back half of the year. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Mike, I'll say that the only real change has been the increased funnel activity since we last reported or spoke publicly. Despite the headwinds we saw in Q1 from large projects on a year-over-year basis, the very encouraging sign is that the funnel activity for large projects on a global perspective, as we look forward, is still quite healthy.  And what we saw, it was definitely a very increased activity and improvement in China in particular as well as other places in -- across EMEA that are related to kind of large mega project investments that are mostly in region for the region. So we view, again, the messaging very consistent versus what we said in February, and that is kind of quite encouraging. 
Vicente Reynal: As a reminder, we don't really guide on orders, but just to provide a little bit of color here on Q2, I mean, April orders really finished relatively in line with the expectations. Generally, the same trend as what we saw in Q1, meaning China is the most noted headwind, again, based on that year-over-year comparison, due to the outgrowth that we saw Q1 and Q2 in China.  And EMEA and America is performing comparatively much better, clearly. Q2 comps are still a bit of a challenge from a year-over-year perspective. But that being said, we do believe that Q2 organic order growth will definitely perform better than Q1. And we do expect Q2 organic orders to be up sequentially as compared to Q1. So our confidence level here is based on the fact that we continue to see momentum on MQL activity. And as we explained also that kind of intra-quarter sequential momentum that we saw in the first quarter, which is relatively much higher than what we have seen historically that kind of continue to build the confidence that things are kind of losing up and freeing up as we continue to see better visibility from -- on a customer perspective. 
Vicente Reynal: Jeff, on the ITS, yes, I mean, we're very pleased with the performance. And you saw -- you heard the commentary that solid gross margin expansion, and that's basically kind of what we saw also on the ITS side, I mean, phenomenal gross margin expansion.  And driven by a lot of the initiatives that we have been talking about over the past few years, call it these I2V, the innovative value activities as well as some of the restructuring that we also did in the fourth quarter that we saw also benefiting here early on in Q1. So again, it speaks pretty highly in terms of what the team continues to do to control what we can control.  And the fact that we're -- what is very exciting and very pleasing is to see clearly getting to that 30%, but even more so at this kind of still fairly highly inflationary market situation. So meaning that as we eventually over time continue to see deflationary, that continues to also help expand our margin even further. So that is very -- we were very pleased that with -- I mean, no surprise, but also excited to see that continued performance on that. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Rob, we feel definitely that the acquisition of ILC Dover, we have now a very strong life science platform to build around. It's not only on the biopharma, but also on this kind of CDMO medical component technology that you even saw that we actually closed already on another acquisition, Controlled Fluidics, even in the quarter, and that's going to get added to that team.  So that is just one example on how we expect to take a similar approach of tuck-ins that you have seen us do in the past, and particularly around life science platforms. We -- the exciting piece here too as well is that ILC Dover comes in with a phenomenal team and with deep experience and that already has a very strong funnel for bolt-ons and tuck-ins.  So again, putting our M&A engine into action is going to be very good for us and pretty fruitful. So the pipeline is very strong, not only on things that we had, but also on things that now the ILC Dover is bringing to the table. In terms of your question about the larger acquisitions, I mean, I still see that we'd like to say we still have a couple of these kind of handful, one or two very large or larger above $1 billion purchase price that we keep track outside of this funnel that we talk about all the time, the funnel is really more on the bolt-on and tuck-ins. But yes, we still have a couple of those above $1 billion purchase price that we have at play. 
Vicente Reynal: Joe, if you remember in the Q4 earnings call, we talked about being flattish organic revenue, and we feel that the results came in kind of roughly in line with that. And when you think about the difference between the Q1 results and the implied Q1 organic guidance, essentially, the change was basically largely attributed to the couple of revenue orders that Vik mentioned on the call that got pushed out into Q2, roughly $15 million of orders are basically attributable mostly to customers, and it was just basically site readiness, nothing to be worried about. 
Vicente Reynal: We are, Joe, and particularly not only all the sequential improvement, but also the conversations that we're having with customers and even also including some of the biotech funding that we're starting to see here kind of coming through as well. So yes, I mean, I think it's one that we're encouraged to see not only from the numbers that we just posted, but also from the conversations that we're having with customers about new applications and new technologies. So yes, very encouraging. 
Vicente Reynal: No, I think we definitely categorize it more as really timing. And we do because as we mentioned on the prepared remarks, I mean, these renewable natural gas saw a lot of acceleration early in '23. And it has not stopped, but I mean it's basically a very, very fast start and then kind of tapering down. Still, we're seeing renewable natural gas growth or good orders. It's just that comparable to what we saw back in Q1, it was just difficult to overcome. And same thing with the electric vehicle investments that happened in China. Again, very strong investments happening in terms of expansion in the first half of last year. And do we see electric vehicle continue? Yes, we see it, but not at the pace of what we saw there.  Now having said that, I think what -- the remark that we made on the -- or one of the answers that I made before, funnel activity is really strong. I mean, so I think that's what is very, very encouraging to us is that and it is not on those same projects. It's kind of now new type of megaprojects that we're seeing, whether petrochem expansions or things of that nature that are kind of encouraging that we're seeing. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I think the team is still very energized and very encouraged about what they're seeing, clearly tough comps. But even in the tough comp environment, when you look at -- and we've done a lot of kind of work with the team to better understand the kind of core business.  The core business still is pretty solid and seeing some good momentum. It was just basically one of those where, again, difficult comps based on some of the expansion that we saw rapidly happening in China in the first half of last year, particularly on electric vehicle and battery production and solar energy.  But again, we're encouraged with what we're seeing here. As a matter of fact, I mean, next week, I'm actually in Southeast Asia with the team to look at some of the growth initiatives that we have across Vietnam, Indonesia and Singapore. And I'm super energized to just be with the team there next week. 
Vicente Reynal: It's definitely a little bit of reshoring. And even I was actually talking to a very large chip manufacturing company earlier this week. And it is also about the "Chips Act" put in Europe. I mean so there's also some investments of that happening, whether you think about it in the U.K. So there's some of that.  There's some of -- going back to the energy crisis, there were some projects that get scoped around nuclear facilities and upgrading, things like that, whether in France or in other locations, and that takes time. But we're seeing that better approvals coming through. So perhaps that is another bucket area that we're seeing some good excitement there where we have a very unique application with our blower technology that is already expecting. And the third area that we like is Middle East. I mean we're seeing a lot of good investments happening in the Middle East. Our team in Middle East and India are seeing the fruits of that. And even also India and particularly that as we have said in the past, doubling down on some of the investments in India are paying off based on the results that the team is driving. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I mean, I think that's what we call a very highly opportunistic in the sense that -- I mean, we're learning a lot. But even before owning this space business, we were looking at already some compression technology and pump technology that is actually used in space. And even our sales internally within PST, we have a company called Haskel, and Haskel is already a big player providing compression technology for SpaceX as an example.  So we were already kind of playing on the peripheries. I think this is now giving us a deeper penetration with some very strong customer base like NASA, Boeing and Sierra Space. And we're learning a ton. So at this point in time, yes, I mean, we're very excited with what we see here, and we'll continue to progress our learnings. But yes, I mean, the funnel for bolt-ons is there. We have it. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, I would say that the reason why we wanted to kind of share the data points with everyone is because of not only on the MQL but also the intra-quarter momentum that we saw that we also put on that page, it was just much more accelerated than what we had historically have seen in the first quarter.  And I would say that the MQL fairly balanced across all the regions, delivered in all -- particularly one of the regions that we saw good acceleration was around EMEA. But call it, EMEA as well as Americas, I mean, very, very strong on that. And -- but yes, I mean, I think it's just fairly good across all the regions. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I mean April MQL activity was actually strong, 14% year-over-year growth on top of 5% growth in 2023. So again, it shows that the good solid momentum. I mean I think 14% is very good. And I would say also April, MQLs were also up 9% sequentially from March. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes, absolutely, Joe. So you're absolutely right. I mean, I think the legacy here comes in from the space. And you remember that we mentioned that Dover is the one that put the man on the moon basically with their spacesuit and leveraging a lot of that kind of layering technology to really expand into inflatable habitats and things like that.  So very, very specialized material technology that basically requires multiple layers. I mean, call it nine different layers in order to create containment, in this case, containment of humans. So they did is that they took a lot of these kind of layering technology and material technology and knowledge and know-how to then move into the biopharma.  And in the biopharma, it's basically about the containment of powders and liquids. And that's why they have the single-use powder and liquid containments. And then from there, they took it to then however they continue to expand and then they acquire basically a CDMO, Flexan, the Flexan business.  And they acquired it particularly because of the technology, specialized technology around silicon molding and extrusion, again, all thinking about containment. And in this case, leveraging that very niche silicon production to create tubing for containment of liquids and move the liquids in biopharma production.  So yes, I think the team was very strategic in terms of taking the core of the knowledge of the technology around material and material later in for containment to then go into other diversifying very high-growth end markets. And I think that's just the beginning, I think, in our view. 
Vicente Reynal: For them, it was basically a good blend of both. I mean they have to acquire some companies, but then once they acquire, they continue that organic momentum. 
Vicente Reynal: The products are definitely transferable. This is basically taking pump technology that today we have in the industrial space like peristaltic technology and taking that and then penetrating that into the biopharma market.  I think what we get from ILC Dover is basically they have a phenomenal commercial footprint. So they go direct to a lot of these customer base. So we get immediate access from that perspective.  I think the other thing that we get here is the access of new customer base. So if you look at that CDMO, very, very solid med technology customer end base that today, we're not doing a lot of work. Now what ILC Dover has in these facilities is very large clean room facilities.  A lot of our customers that are in the medical space have been asking us to create sub-assembly. In many cases, so take the pump and connector to and create a sub-assembly that is much easier for the customer to be able to put it on to the end device. For many of these applications, we needed a clean room. We don't have clean room facilities. So in many cases, we have to pass on that.  Now we have that access. We have that access of the clean room facilities as well as the ISO procedures and standards from a quality management system perspective to be able to penetrate these customer base that has a high level of requirement because of being the customer base being FDA regulated.  So I think that's clearly the exciting piece here is that we get not only the use of our products and penetrate that through that customer base but we also get access to new customer base that we never had access before.  I mean in terms of the size, the potential revenue synergies, I mean, we haven't disclosed that yet, Nathan. And -- but we did say that with the acquisition of ILC Dover, we're expanding our addressable market by like $10 billion. So it's basically the potential is there. 
Vicente Reynal: Thank you. I just want to say thank you for the interest in Ingersoll Rand, and most important, thank you again to the entire team of Ingersoll Rand for another solid quarter performance and note that everyone is focused here on continuing to make life better for the employees, the customers, the planet and the shareholders.  And we move forward to closing ILC Dover later here in the quarter, and we can tell you that our integration plan is going well, and we look forward to formally welcoming that team to our family.  With that, we close the call. Thank you again. 
