Michael Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call. In the first quarter, we continued our focus on driving top-tier operational performance and delivered strong revenue growth of 13%. We expanded margins 240 basis points and more than doubled earnings per share. First quarter earnings from continuing operations was $0.35 per share at the top of our first quarter earnings guidance range. For the quarter, revenues were $3.1 billion, up 13% versus prior year, 12%, excluding currency. During the quarter, we continue to see strong bookings, as most of our businesses are showing solid growth. For the company, orders were up 12% and 11%, excluding currency. Order rates improved in each of our segments except for Commercial Security, which was down slightly due to timing of projects -- orders in China. Our backlog also increased by 7%. Operating margin for the quarter was 7.4%, up 240 basis points, primarily driven by volume and productivity. In early April, our Board approved a 71% increase in our dividend and a $2 billion share repurchase program. These are both indications of our progress and strengthening our financial position, which has enabled us to move from a singular focus on debt reduction over the past three years to a more balanced capital allocation strategy. Please go to Slide 4. This morning, we announced our intention to divest the Hussmann North American Stationary Refrigeration Equipment business as well as the Equipment, Service and Installation businesses in Mexico, Australia and New Zealand, which total about $800 million in revenue.  During the past several months, we have conducted a comprehensive study of the business and ultimately concluded that although the business has substantial margin expansion potential, it was in the best interest of Hussmann and Ingersoll-Rand to look at strategic alternatives for Hussmann. We implemented a rigorous and thorough review process, which in the end came down to a prioritization of our investments.  We're in discussions with several parties and expect to close the sale in the third quarter. We expect the reclassification of the business to discontinued operations to impact our previous guidance for full year continuing earnings per share guidance negatively by $0.10 to $0.12. That amount includes the impact of actions we are planning to take once we close the transaction to offset or recover our stranded costs. I'll address this further when I cover full year guidance in a few minutes. Understand that we won't know the exact numbers until a definitive agreement is signed and we close. What we're reflecting today is our best estimate as of now. Given that we are heavily engaged in the disposition process, we're not going to be able to comment or answer questions today regarding items such as expected proceeds, participants in the process or specific timing. Upon closing, proceeds will be used to accelerate our share repurchase program. Please go to Slide 5. This slide gives a summary of our quarterly order rates for the past five quarters. Orders for the first quarter 2011 were up 12% overall, 11% excluding currency. All sectors, except for Commercial Security, saw year-over-year gains. We had especially strong gains in the Industrial, Air and Productivity and Transport Refrigeration and solid gains in Commercial HVAC Equipment and Services. Please go to Slide 6. Here’s a look at the revenue trends by segment, we think revenue excluding currency shown on the bottom of the chart give a better view of organic growth. And as you can see on the bottom chart, the first quarter was up 12% excluding currency. We had improvements in all of our sectors, except Security which was down slightly due to the timing of projects in China. On a geographic basis, revenues improved by about 10% in the U.S. and 20% in international markets. Equipment revenues were up 14%. Worldwide Parts and Service were up by 10% compared with last year. Please go to Slide 7. This bridge analyzes the change in first quarter segment operating margin year-over-year. First quarter operating margins were 7.4%, an increase of 2.4 percentage points compared with 2010. Volume and mix on increased revenues added 110 basis points to our operating margins. Price netted against direct material inflation was a headwind of 60 basis points, as commodity inflation increased in the quarter particularly related to metals. Versus our forecast, price realization was slightly better but was more than offset by higher inflation mainly in metal-based components. Productivity netted against other inflation increased margins by 230 basis points. Investments and other charges were unfavorable to last year by 40 basis points. So Steve will now take you through a review of our segments.
Michael Lamach: Julian, I’d add that last year in Q1, we were -- in Q2 for that matter, we were really in the heavy throes of executing the Shanghai Expo security work. And of course, that doesn't repeat. And interestingly, there's a number of very large projects, rail-related projects that we're involved with now, as far as the security work goes there, and I would anticipate closing those in Q2, Q3. So a lot of what you're going to see is Asia kind of coming back on with growth, but that creates a little bit of a comp issue for us as well.
Michael Lamach: Yes, it's more than one, Mike, but that would be a very large order. And so, yes, there's a couple of infrastructure orders in China around airports and rail that would be meaningful contributors in Q2, Q3.
Michael Lamach: Not to this point. It's subtle. The last, I guess, the 12th 5th-year plan [12th 5-year plan] puts agriculture at the top of the list. And frankly, from that point of view, it's favorable for things like our Thermo King business which has got enormous upside to get that moving in China as an example. So I think we may see a shift from some of the infrastructure projects and security, but I think it's also favorable in terms of what you're seeing with the focus that will be put on as an example, agricultural yields and through transport.
Michael Lamach: Yes. At this point, Mike, I'm not going to get into the details of sort of the strategy around that. I'll certainly be clear about that at the close.
Michael Lamach: Josh, I think, maybe to answer your question, had we not taken Hussmann to disc ops, we would've been raising guidance by $0.10 to $0.12.
Michael Lamach: No, I appreciate the question because it gives us a chance to provide some clarity for any confusion. But clearly, for the full year, had we continued, we would be raising guidance $0.10, $0.12 of it, for the year, that is. In the second quarter, Josh, it would've been $0.05, $0.06, I think.
Michael Lamach: Yes, it's kind of interesting. It's actually last year, last year or so, it's been in the third quarter. But we hope to have the restructuring in place and all the actions we have to take to mitigate the stranded cost largely in -- underway by the third quarter.
Michael Lamach: I think the mid-20s guidance long-term, Eli, is good for what you're doing. And then, we're just kind of have to tune that each year, okay, based on how we see the year shaping up and where the income is going to be earned.
Michael Lamach: They continue to do a good job there. I think they're really approaching, at least in the air and productivity side, record margins there, where volumes are still not back to where they were. So we're getting what we wanted to get. It's the first real indication we get of major restructuring that was done in major product launches and how those play out in a sort of rising environment, so the leverage there has been good. If you kind of look at the guidance that we're giving long term around that business, 16% to 18%, very pleased with what we're seeing here in terms of the incrementals on that business. So will strength continue at that level, I mean obviously, it's part of a cycle in a recovery here. But from what I've seen to this point in time, we're feeling good through the guidance that we've given or the framework through 2013 about achieving long-term margin rates of 16% to 18% in this business.
Michael Lamach: Yes, let me take the Res HVAC topic, then I'll let Steve do the second. But Res HVAC in 2009, it's one of the major beneficiaries of a lot of the capital that we put in around products, refresh product improvement. And what you're seeing late last year and right now in this business is a lot of new product actually hitting our plans, hitting the consumers at this point in time, being received very, very well. So we had about a 30 basis point market share gain for a total motor bearing units. But when you break that out, it's about 110-point gain in air handlers, which is exactly the product that you guys saw when you were down here visiting us, called the Hyperion [Trane Hyperion]. Now what's happening is that, that product family is being launched. You're really building lots of mixed models going through the plant, old and new coming through the same plant. I think that our expectation is you're going to see gradual recovery of margins in that business. And I think that margins will actually improve year-over-year by the end of the year, but we're going to go through this period of transitioning these plants and product portfolios likely through late summer in that business.
Michael Lamach: Yes, clearly, if you look at it from the point of view of our independents, depending on whether it was the Trane or the American Standard brand, we would've had 17% to 19% growth through the independent wholesale distribution channel. As you look at the sell-through, which is our view from sort of company-owned distribution aspect, you're seeing something in the low-single digits there. So this is going to normalize, I think, toward, as it always does, between those two channels because of the lagging effect. And again, I look for that mid- to high-single digit Res number to really follow through for the year.
Michael Lamach: Industry restocking levels, probably, it will crawl back up into kind of the high-single-digit weak area, and I kind of think that there's more of a new normal here which is not what it used to be in terms of the weeks. Distribution would carry in terms of inventory. So I'm not looking for major swings in sort of demand coming from sort of stocking programs. I think that what we're focusing on is really paying attention to the sell-through that we're seeing and that's how we're looking at our demand plan.
Michael Lamach: Andy, we might have confused this but we're actually seeing great replacement businesses happening around HVAC and Industrial, okay, in terms of how that's working. And so I think the strength we are seeing here is certainly in the replacement market across both Climate Solutions and Industrial Technologies. And what we haven't seen come back in is of course, any kind of real new construction activity which would affect both Climate Solutions and Industrial Technologies.
Michael Lamach: Yes, Andy, if you go and you kind of retrace the steps here, we were not making some of the larger productivity investments in the Hussmann business, which kind of led to some of the disconnects that I think we were having around not being able to discuss productivity in those quarters at the same level they have done until we have gone through this process. And so early on, as we would've started this thought process, this framework 2.5 years ago, we would had certain cadence around Phase 2 of that restructuring, including a much more investment in the Hussmann business. We didn't do that as a result of going through the process we're going through. And ultimately, clearly, we would move onto utilizing those investments in what would be the core businesses going forward.
Michael Lamach: There's a lagging here, of course. What I'm saying is that the investments we have planned in that business didn't happen. You saw that in Q3 and Q4 last year. And you're seeing a more of a refocused back on the course. So I wouldn't say it would be higher or lower, it's just that it's going to move toward the core businesses going forward.
Michael Lamach: From a business perspective, fortunate, not much involvement there. We have daily calls relative to the supply chain and daily updates on that but have had no issues to date, don't foresee any issues to date, because we're really only affected by a few areas here and we got ample demand here. So it would be in small diesel engines and we're in good shape there. It's on a few controller boards, and we found alternative sources there. I don't see any impact there at all. Long run it’s an opportunity, if we get involved, hopefully in rebuilding of what's going on there. But no impact whatsoever in terms of the quarter or the outlook on what's happening in Japan. It's a very small business for us today. We've only, in the market, have 150 people in the market. So just to give you a sense for it.
Michael Lamach: I don't think so. I think we need to recommunicate here. Everything we have given you is, sends [ph] share buyback, okay? So we're allowing $0.10 to $0.12 of improved earnings to fall through from the operations, all right? We talked about, yes, some of it is from foreign exchange, some of it is from price, some of it is from, maybe, a little bit of volume, mix impact, okay of richer mix is also helping that. That's the 10% to 12% -- or $0.10 to $0.12, I’m sorry, that we're using to offset the dilution of Hussmann in this guidance. We need to be very, very clear about this, okay. It's very, very important. We chose not to guesstimate what the impact of any share buyback is even though we're committed to starting the program in the second half of the year, as we said, because we just don't know what the timing of the closure of the Hussmann, the disposition is going to be. That will be a big factor in terms of how much cash that we have to put into the program and the timing of which we can employ that cash. And the timing is probably a bigger deal at this point in time because the later in the year we go, obviously, the less impact it's going to have on our total year earnings. So that's why we chose not to say anything about that because we'd rather come back at you in the -- as we talk about the second quarter performance and give you a much more definitive number there than trying to guesstimate something at this point.
Michael Lamach: And Andrew, the phenomenon has been sort of this way for a long time in our company, is that if you look at the volumes that we get in the second and third quarter, those are the highest of the year. If you look at the guidance that we've given for Q2 versus in our revenue in Q1, you'll see probably a substantial increase in revenue. And volume is somewhat -- I'm sorry, productivity is somewhat volume related, particularly when you look at material productivity. So the more material you use, the higher your productivity numbers are. So that sort of, it pins it together.
Michael Lamach: The back half is better than the first half in terms of operating leverage. I think that’s the essence of your question. And you're correct around productivity being offset with sort of other inflation widening, yes? And price would be the spread maintained at about 30 basis points for the full year.
Michael Lamach: I'm probably going to put that in the bucket of not going through any detail here on that, Andrew. And again, I promise we'll be very transparent on that as we, of course, we need to be, when the transaction is complete.
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean we're selling the business, Andrew, because we want to focus on businesses that we think are closer to our core. And that get us to our long-range targets that we've set around $5 to $5.75 a share, 50% operating margin. So if we felt that the investment required to do that was greater than what we are prepared to do relative to other investments, which is the case that we've got, then we decided to exit the business.
Michael Lamach: We're going to give you an operating margin improvement goal and targeting annually, and that's what we're going to work towards.
Michael Lamach: Yes, simply put, as you look at the opportunities we have in the company to drive margin expansion and to focus management resources and attention, it leans toward the other side in the balance of the portfolio. And anything that we would do that I would take, I would say, an inordinate proportion of time away from what that mission and goal is, we weren't prepared to do. So it's refocusing even tighter on what we now think to be the core business around HVAC, around both Transport and our HVAC Commercial business and our other businesses in the portfolio, which I won't get into detail here, but clearly, I've made the comment already that I don't see any portfolio change in the magnitude that we're doing here with Hussmann.
Michael Lamach: Yes. In the fourth quarter, I'd said, that we had eased those issues because we solved the problem in the fourth quarter. And it did, it turned out that we did not have a problem in the first quarter at all, so yes.
Michael Lamach: Well, listen, I mean if you go, the numbers here again, we got a 30-basis-point improvement in share again. We got a 110-basis-point improvement in the quarter on the product we're launching, which is 410A. And the reality is that we believe that as your transitioning from the old product to the new, the last thing you want to do is to propagate this mixed model running through a plant in terms of the efficiency you gain in that plant. So our focus is converting the industry to its intention, which was the 410A fluid [R410-A].
Michael Lamach: No, it turns out, we're getting share gain. It's a 30-basis-point gain. And specific to the product we're launching, it's a 110 points of gain in the quarter.
Steven Shawley: If you look at the chart that we provided in the presentation, which we now take a look at the waterfall of what impacts on our revenue -- or our margin growth, and first thing is that we did 240 basis points. So I said that as long as we're within a range that's increasing the revenue -- I'm sorry, operating margin by over 200 basis points, we're hitting our targets. So if you look at that waterfall, we're on a target as we expected.
Steven Shawley: If you look at the total year guidance we gave last quarter, which gross productivity netted against other productivity, nonmaterial productivity, we're right there. If you look at the amount of improvement driven by the net of productivity and other inflation, we're right on our plan.
Steven Shawley: Yes, good question. Actually, both pieces are moving. We did better on price in the quarter than we expected. Even with the guidance we gave in a few months ago, because our prices are sticking, but we saw more inflation. In Mike's commentary -- and we expected to see the commodity inflation with copper and aluminum, et cetera, but steel is starting to stick it's head up and it's also starting to create tier-2-type pressure on components pricing that we use to assemble into our products. So net-net, we're right about where we thought we would be in the first quarter. We're still upside down, price versus inflation, but we're not upside down any further than we thought going into the quarter. And we kind of maintain that gap. And if you remember the guidance we gave for the year, we would be upside down about 30 basis points. And so if you look at both numbers, because price is sticking, we're getting better price than we expected, but we’re also seeing more inflation. So net-net by the end of the year, we're still upside down by that 30 basis points but both prices improved and inflation has increased.
Steven Shawley: Yes. If you look at the macroeconomic market information that we use, it's early to dodge, put in place information, new construction indices, et cetera. And what you see is those things, actually, returned almost parity, in other words, 0 growth in the first quarter of this year. But our Security business lags those market indicators by almost a year, so what we're expecting to see -- and also, if you remember last year, we outperformed those indices because of our aftermarket position and capability. So what we're expecting for the rest of the year as we get towards the second half, just by tracking the lag associated with the comparables on -- of the -- that put in place new construction plus our aftermarket strength, we expect to see a little pickup in the second half and the markets, actually, to turn in early 2012.
Steven Shawley: Yes, we don't break that out, Mike. But the point, I guess, is it's so integrated that it doesn't make sense to pull it out, and we certainly provide service and transition services to a buyer.
Steven Shawley: First of all, in the contingency, we didn't have much contingency in the first quarter guidance. And I'll just simply say that we still have contingency left in our year, okay? And as regards to the second quarter, the second quarter has the biggest impact of the disposition because we’re carrying all the support costs that will be stranded in our continuing ops line and what we're transferring into discontinued ops is the pure Hussmann EBIT type of a number. And that would have probably about a $0.06 impact on the quarter. In other words, if we will roll this thing up, due to the seasonality of the Hussmann business, it's about a $0.06 dilution in our second quarter because of that.
Steven Shawley: Yes, again, the euro is a big player for us. Yes, I need to turn away from the phone for a second here. If you look at the spot rate of euro mid-April, it was about 144.
Steven Shawley: Yes. And versus our 2010, that's up about 8.7%. So that is a big impact on our Climate businesses, our Industrial businesses, mainly.
Steven Shawley: Well, the currency is a pretty low leverage. And leverage is about 10%, maybe slightly less, because one other thing that's happened to us in currency is, it's the yen has gone the other way. And yen is a counterflow currency for us. In other words, we buy a lot of engines and Japanese product in yen. So that goes the other way, which kind of nets out to the pretty low leverage on that additional revenue.
Steven Shawley: Well, it's actually kind of a technical change because -- and also, I'll remind you that share count is up to 350, 345, so tax and share count, about offset each other.
Steven Shawley: The technical aspect of the taxing is, the income that we're losing with Hussmann is all U.S. income. And I think we have talked about this before, about the fact that as we increase or decrease U.S. income, we get a much bigger incremental effective tax rate. So when you think Hussmann out of the mix and look at what's left in continuing ops, what's left is less U.S. income so that causes a drop in the tax rate.
Steven Shawley: Yes, the guidance we've given repeatedly at various meetings, looking at a long-range projections, after 2013, we're guiding about mid-20s.
Steven Shawley: I think, Jeff, to answer the second part of the question, in terms of expectations of margins in the rest of the portfolio, if you look at our current guidance for the year at midpoint, we're up a little bit from what we thought for the year in terms of margin performance. I think that's driven by the fact that we've seen a better mix coming from more Thermo King truck trailer volume that we had thought earlier in the year. We're looking at -- quite frankly, the biggest issue is we're sighing sort of a big breath of relief about the realization of price. That's looking more solid. Even though we didn't increase the delta price cost or reduce it, the fact that we're feeling much better about it, it gives us more confidence in the base plan. And also, quite frankly, if you look at what Mike said, Residential coming back to a more normal volume -- I'm sorry, more normal level of operating margins by the end of the year and a little bit of help from Security late in the year, I mean all that makes us pretty confident that the margins we have in the midpoint were pretty solid.
Steven Shawley: And if you remember last year, we have various similar dynamics. First quarter was very heavy with folks who sell on to the distribution channel.
Steven Shawley: And it leveled out before the end of the year. And if you really look at the industry projections, we're still saying that the overall motor-bearing unit market is only going to be up mid-ish single digits for the year.
Steven Shawley: Yes, I mean for full year, probably, it would be that I'd be comfortable doing that, Mark. And let me give you kind of, sort of the plus/minus sort of 50-basis-point-type ranges here. I think that from a Climate perspective, you'll be looking at something in the 9.5 on the low to the 10.5 on the high. Industrial, it's probably going to be something closer to 14 on the low and could go 14.5-plus on the high. Residential, I think it's going to go, probably, 10 on the low, which is a point better than last year, maybe 50 basis points higher than that if we can sort of move through the plant conversions effectively, very effectively. Security, it's going to grow margins again this year. I would tell you that, here, you're probably looking at something between maybe 20.5 and maybe 21.5.
Steven Shawley: Yes, oh gosh. Full year, I don't have it broken out that way, Andy, so we probably going to have to get back with you on that as well.
Steven Shawley: Rather than -- I can give you round numbers, but I think that's just going to be trouble, okay, so let me -- let's just get back with facts on that for you.
Steven Shawley: Well, again, as I said earlier, we still have contingency in the forecast, the guidance for the remainder of the year. And if you take a look at -- we're just more confident that the things that we see as increments to our original guidance will fall through at this point in time, so that's kind of what you're getting. As far as Japan goes, maybe Mike can address how we see the Japan thing.
Steven Shawley: Rob, also too, on currency, we're taking a relatively conservative outlook on the euro. I think we're looking at maybe 141 outlook from here forward and the spot today at 145. So what actually is built in to our plans is more volume. It's just not sort of FX carrying it, yes, it's 1/3 or 2/3, but the FX piece of this is kind of predicated on a 141 euro going forward. So just to give you some sensitivity around how we're thinking about the euro.
Steven Shawley: I'm glad you asked the question, because one of the things we talked about this morning is, one thing we have to communicate in this call is just that. And we want to make sure everybody got it.
Steven Shawley: Yes, Deane, I'm going to give you a quick answer because I think we covered some of this on the call but it basically, we would be sort of increasing sort of the price realization piece at the margin line, maybe 30 basis points, at the revenue line, maybe 50 basis points, completely offset by an increase of the same magnitude inflation. So we're keeping a 30 basis points GAAP. And you're right, what we're seeing is higher realization on a spread of price increases on the marketplace you're getting out towards higher realization, what's in that umbrella of opportunity in that price spread.
Steven Shawley: No, it's about a push, Deane. It's just due to the things we said. I mean a little better mix. If you look at how this portfolio now looks versus what it did three months ago. And you got the volume impact as well, Deane, coming in. I mean there's a piece of volume in this forecast again, it’s not just FX, it's has a meaningful volume increase based on what we got baked in. So you get a little bit more leverage on our fixed cost.
Steven Shawley: Deane, we said at the beginning of the call, if you didn't -- if you weren't there, it's unfortunate. We -- because of the fact that we're heavily engaged in the process, we mentioned that we're not going to answer any specific questions about Hussmann.
Steven Shawley: Well, I mean if you look at the portfolio, Deane, and I think a lot of the real heavy lifting has been done. So I will always say that we're always going to take a review of our portfolio and understand what makes sense going forward. But I think this was one that has been on your and everyone's radar screens for some time, so there's nothing else that we’ve got at this point in time teed up that I think is certainly of this magnitude at all.
Steven Shawley: And Andrew, first half, second half, I would see total productivity increasing slightly. And I would also see other inflation probably flat to moderating. And so, yes, we would expect to see more margin expansion, greater leverage in the second half of the year. So whereas the first half of the year has been, let's call it, the 25% range, 26% range in terms of leverage, we would expect the back half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter to look more like the leverage that we're intending. So yes, you're going to get that from the spread between productivity and other inflation increasing. And price, as we said, price to direct material, that spread it's going to be maintained.
Andrew Obin: Yes, I'm looking at Slide 18 of the fourth quarter presentation where productivity target for the year, where you've given the productivity target, 2.3...
Andrew Obin: I'm just -- I'm sorry, maybe this is very naive way of saying, but there's a productivity number in the bridge of 2.9%.
Andrew Obin: It's a great quarter to transition as to the fact that we want to focus this on two points of operating margin, which has always been our goal. I can say that because we exactly hit the number that we were supposed to hit from a gross-productivity perspective. I'm not taking a weak quarter here. But I think that when you look at the mix between restructuring and investments and how we intend to get our 2 points of margin expansion, clearly, it's changing. It's changing from a heavy emphasis on some restructuring. In the last year, a year and half, around the plant, we've [indiscernible] work we've done to a move toward, I would say, a smarter investments going forward and more surgical decisions around where we place plants in line. So again, I don't want to go through a quarter-by-quarter, blow-by-blow on plus or minus 5%. I want to go through a full year view of, "Are you guys going to get your 2 points or not get your 2 points?" And that's how I want to try to transition this view from our point of view.
