Vikram Kini: Thanks, Vicente. Starting on Slide 7. Despite the increasingly challenged macroeconomic environment, we delivered solid results in Q2 through a balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by IRX. Total company organic orders declined 1%, finishing largely in line with expectations. We saw strong sequential orders growth of 5% for the total company with the book-to-bill of 1.0x. Consistent with our guidance, book-to-bill finished above 1 in the first half at 1.0x. This provides us with a healthy backlog to execute in the back half of the year and gives us conviction in delivering our full year 2024 revenue guidance. Organic revenue was up 1% for the quarter and up 13% on a 2-year stack. The company delivered second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $495 million, a 16% year-over-year improvement and adjusted EBITDA margins of 27.4%, a 220 basis point year-over-year improvement, driven predominantly through gross margin expansion, partially offset by investments for growth in SG&A. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.83 for the quarter, which is up 22% as compared to the prior year. This marks 6 consecutive quarters of double-digit EPS growth and 12 out of the last 14 quarters of double-digit EPS growth beginning with Q1 of 2021. Free cash flow for the quarter was $283 million, and total liquidity was $3.7 billion, with $1.1 billion of cash on hand at quarter end. Our net leverage was 2.0 turns, which is up 1 turn versus the prior year. This increase is primarily driven by the $2.325 billion acquisition of ILC Dover. For the full year, we do anticipate net leverage finishing at approximately 1.5 turns. Turning to Slide 8. For the total company on an FX-adjusted basis, Q2 orders were up 5% and revenue increased 8%. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 16% from the prior year. The ITS segment margin increased 230 basis points, while the PST segment margin increased 110 basis points year-over-year. Overall, Ingersoll Rand expanded adjusted EBITDA margins by 220 basis points. Corporate costs came in at $44 million for the quarter, largely in line with expectations. And finally, adjusted EPS for the quarter was up 22% year-over-year to $0.83 per share including an adjusted tax rate for the quarter of 21.3%. On the next slide, free cash flow for the quarter was $283 million, including CapEx, which totaled $22 million. Total company liquidity now stands at $3.7 billion based on approximately $1.1 billion of cash and $2.6 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. Leverage for the quarter was 2.0 turns, which is a 1 turn increase year-over-year. As noted earlier, this increase was driven primarily by the purchase of ILC Dover, which was funded through $2 billion in bonds and $325 million in cash. Specifically, within the quarter, cash outflows included $2.6 billion overall deployed to M&A as well as $71 million returned to shareholders through $63 million in share repurchases and $8 million for our dividend payment. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged with M&A being our top priority and we continue to expect M&A to be our primary use of cash as we look ahead. On Slide 10, I'd like to take a minute to highlight the transformation of our debt portfolio. This transformation has been underway for several years, and I'm pleased to say that we now have a fully investment-grade structure. Also important to note that within the quarter, we received a 1 notch upgrade from each of the 3 rating agencies, which you can see highlighted on the right side of the page, further solidifying our investment-grade status. In terms of the overall capital structure, in May, we issued $3.3 billion of unsecured investment-grade bonds. The proceeds of the bond issuance were used to repay $1.23 billion of our legacy secured term loans and $2 billion was used to partially fund the acquisition of ILC Dover with the remainder retained for general purposes. In addition, we took the opportunity to increase the size of our revolver from $2 billion to $2.6 billion, which further provides flexibility to execute on our strategic initiatives. As a result of this debt portfolio transformation, we now have a fixed-to-floating ratio of 84% fixed and 16% floating and extended our weighted average maturity on our overall debt from 6 years to 10 years. Our new capital structure is designed to facilitate our long-term capital allocation strategy, and we remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade status. Finally, our 2024 gross interest expense outlook is now approximately $215 million. On an annualized basis, we expect gross interest to be approximately $260 million as we move into 2025. I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segment results.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Julian, this is Vik. Maybe I'll start and I'll let Vicente add some color as well. In terms of the first part of your question, I think fairly consistent with how we've described it historically, and it's important to note that this is a consistent statement about -- across both segments, both ITS and PST. Total APAC is roughly about 20% of the revenue base. And China is the lion's share of that, probably somewhere in the high-teens percent so the preponderance of that revenue base in APAC is China. To kind of give rough numbers in terms of the growth expectations, and I'll focus my commentary on the revenue side. In the first half, total APAC, which, of course, China is the biggest driver is effectively down, let's call it low double digits on the revenue base. It's important to note, obviously, the comps still pretty meaningful in the first half of the year. And as we move to the back half of the year, as Vicente just indicated, we do continue to see stability and some sequential, I'd say, progress from first half to second half. And then year-over-year, we actually expect probably to be closer to flattish year-over-year, both that stability moving from first half to second half, but also important to note that the comps do get a little bit more easier, comparatively speaking, in the back half from a revenue perspective, specifically in China.
Vikram Kini: Yes. So, I think you're close enough around it, and I think that's probably the right way to think about it. So interesting enough, I'd say the seasonal phasing, whether it be on the revenue side or on the earnings side, not dramatically different than what you've seen in prior year, slightly more weighted towards the back half than the front half. That is correct.
Vikram Kini: Yes. On the price cost side of the equation, so specifically in the quarter, price was, let's just say, approximately 2.5% across the entire enterprise, fairly comparable between the 2 segments. And then from an inflationary perspective, I'd say the commentary is very similar to what we saw in Q1. I'd say the direct material side, it kind of continues to move sideways. So not a lot of what I would say, headwinds on a year-over-year basis, but kind of sideways. And then I'd say on the labor side, relatively normal course. So again, continue to see good pricing momentum from the organization, good translation to the bottom line and you see that reflected in the gross margin profile, along with some of the other initiatives that Vicente spoke to.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Just to keep it relatively simple. I think we've said that pricing will kind of return to, I'd say, a little bit more of the norm that you've seen historically, which is probably around that 1% to 2% gross pricing levels or net pricing level, I should say. And if you think about where we're headed in the back half, I think that's kind of where we should be. We were still benefiting from a little bit of some of the carryover pricing actions from last year here to the first half. But we would expect between 1% to 2% is probably a good indicative range for the back half of 2024 as well as expectation for '25 onwards.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Andy, this is Vik. I think the way you've described it is correct. So just to calibrate the numbers. I think you're right, 1% to 2% organic growth in the back half of the year is probably the right way to think about it system-wide. I think in terms of the components and the moving pieces, yes, I think what we would say here is relative stability, no dramatic, let's just call it, hockey stick improvement or anything of that nature in the back half implied. Obviously, we've taken down the China expectations, which is effectively the preponderance of what changed the organic growth guide. So I think now it's execution of the backlog. You know that we typically do have a little bit of seasonality in the business where second half is stronger than first half, that's no different this year. And I think the other factors you mentioned here are largely accurate. So I think we feel comfortable with the guidance as provided.
Vikram Kini: Yes, Andy, so just to address the second part of your question first, we did have 1 month of ILC Dover results in Q2. And I'd say largely in line with expectations both from a top line and bottom line and profitability perspective. I think, generally speaking here, about 30.8% EBITDA margins to about 30.3%. I wouldn't attribute that to anything more than just some of the normal course revenue mix and things of that nature from the balance of the business. Nothing that I think you should read into any further than that as we think, frankly, going forward here into the back half of the year, those numbers closer trending sequentially better from Q2 and into Q3 and then Q3 to Q4, absolutely. So I don't think anything has changed in our context as far as that getting to a mid-30s EBITDA margin profile over the next few years in line with our Investor Day targets for PST. So nothing has really changed in that respect.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Nigel, on the first part, we don't typically talk about kind of like end market, let's just call it, designations within our specific regions, but I think it's fair to say that EV battery, solar were too meaningful end markets in terms of the order and revenue contribution in 2023. I'd still say they are active markets, but just, frankly, obviously, not at the same level as what you've seen in prior year. And Vicente, I'll let you comment on the food and beverage.
Vikram Kini: Yes. I think, Joe, in terms of the second half, is there anything directly embedded? No. I think this is a simple answer. Obviously, our second half includes execution on existing backlog. Obviously, there's a component of longer-cycle projects like you've seen in prior years. To the degree, as Vicente said, some of the solutions up or things like that, great. I would view that as potential maybe some orders. But remember, most of these are 6- to 18-month lead time type project. So reality is those will not convert to revenue until 2025 or later.
Vikram Kini: Yes, David, interesting enough. Yes, quite comparable to each other. I wouldn't tell you there's a meaningful mix differential between the 2. Both are playing in and around that, I'd say, segment average profile. So actually quite comparable.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. No, thank you, Mike. I mean I think you priming up actually quite well. So the answer to your first question is definitely no. I mean, nothing that we saw in July that gives us the concern and the change in kind of how we think about it. I think also, as you said, I mean I think things kind of are operating in the first half exactly as we expected. You saw that even we saw some very good sequential improvement Q1 to Q2 orders improving 5% and actually improving on both segments, not only the ITS but also in PST and -- but kind of when we think about the guidance and also you can see that in the second half, we do anticipate still organic revenue growth to be positive with a very good phase-in between revenue and EBITDA similar to prior years, which obviously implies that we'll continue to see some kind of good improvement here sequentially. But in terms of the guidance, I think the reduction is really predominantly driven by China. Again, although we also were fairly encouraged with what we saw improvements Q1 to Q2 in China, which was positive. And we're also encouraged by kind of what we hear from our teams in terms of level of activity in the month of July, driven by these new programs in place of replacing equipment that the government is putting out together in the market. We feel that we're taking the approach to be prudent and not necessarily see that the market materially changes in the second half in China and kind of keep it more, I would say, stable from here onwards. I will also say kind of in terms of what -- I mean any other changes in terms of market dynamics. I mean, not necessarily, we were very transparent here in terms of leading indicators that we always talk about, which is MQLs and funnel acceleration, just to show that market activity continues to be actually pretty good. I think is this elongation in what we call the velocity of converting some of those either formal or MQLs through the process, it seems to be kind of a little bit more elongated. Could that be driven by elections or could that be driven by geopolitical and obviously, what we hear about EPC capacity constraints and site readiness. There's a little bit of a few different points. I think, in our view, what we wanted to do is just kind of be more prudent as we go here into the second half. And again, based on these good visibility that we see on leading indicators, feeling good about how this could play out as we kind of head into 2025.
Vicente Reynal: The other thing to add there, and I think in terms of kind of some of the color that we see is that if you were to even exclude some of these kind of large projects, long cycle projects, China order is kind of that core business, which excludes this long cycle, especially fairly still good momentum there, Julian. So I'll say that even though in this challenging environment, they're still performing actually quite well.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, absolutely. Jeff, so let me kind of break it into a couple of things. I mean, first of all, let's talk about the legacy Ingersoll Rand Life Science business and medical business as you saw, very, very good momentum in the quarter in Q2 with very nice growth at 8%. So that's actually very encouraging to see. And some, I'd say, good wins as we continue to -- you saw the product in action, the innovation in action that we put there. And so I'm getting -- that team is getting some very good exposure to personalized medicine, particularly around cancer treatment, which is very encouraging to see that. And I think on top of that, I mean, I think we're now 2 months into the ownership of ILC Dover with biopharma. And I think the team continues to stay pretty encouraging on what they're seeing now there and as we go out and meet with the teams, we see some continued good momentum there. And you saw in the prepared remarks that we still expect that business to be able to generate that kind of double-digit growth for this year. So again, speaks to the good kind of product innovation and nicheness of our technology and how we're particularly trying to be very focused on specific end markets that are seeing outside growth.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Great, Jeff. Thank you for asking the question. I think we continue to be very excited about all the actions that we're doing around the care packages and the service attachment. As a matter of fact, I mean, even this week right now here, we have a team kind of getting together to talk about the continuation of taking service activities to the next level. So we continue to be very encouraged of what we're seeing and whether it is with just regular kind of service attachment, but also Ecoplant as Ecoplant continues to see some progression. And you saw that even also we acquired a company called CAPS in Australia, and that's ready to give us more better channel, better access with a larger footprint on service. So service continues to be a very high priority for all of us as we move forward.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, I think good question. And I would say on that slide, we try to separate 2 things, the kind of short to medium cycle and then the long cycle. And I would say that the mega projects perhaps view more on that kind of more on the long cycle, where we continue to see funnel increases, but there is that continued elongation driven by -- in some cases, we have seen some of the EPCs having 2 to 3 years of backlog and kind of creating a delay in how they continue to release those basically large projects into orders. So I think it's just -- that's why when we made the commentary, we said, "Hey, I think it's good news as we think about ahead and particularly maybe as we think even around 2025, that there is this perhaps a lot of projects that as they get released, we will see some better momentum on that." So -- and from an NPL perspective, which is kind of the short to medium cycle, I mean we made some commentary around PST. I mean, PST on that short cycle business continues to be actually quite good at mid-single digit growth even in the second quarter. We just wanted to show that MQL, it is double-digit kind of growth on a year-over-year. Clearly, all of that doesn't translate into the orders as we're not seeing that double-digit orders, but is a great indicator as to the market activity on how we're instigating them and how we're getting really penetrated into new accounts and new customer base. And I think that's just for us a good leading indicator on an ongoing performance for us.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, great question, Joe. I think particularly if you think about ILC Dover, we're very excited about the business. And if you remember when we talk about the company, very excited about that exposure into the Life Sciences, which is basically 75% of -- approximately 75% of our total business for ILC Dover is Life Sciences with a good blend between biopharma and medical device component. And we always spoke about, in this case, aerospace being a bit of an optionality. Good exposure, good things to learn, but also good to better understand. So as we continue to go forward and learn more about the business, what we can do with it, you know that historically, we have always been pleased with doing -- whether it is carve-outs and then selecting bases that we like or emphasizing more on one versus another. But I think it's the purpose of the strategic view that we had with ILC Dover is a higher penetration on to the Life Science side of the business.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, we do. And no changes on that. I think the change has been basically more because we also track the velocity of those kind of projects or orders through the funnel and that is basically what I would say has maybe changed and then the reason why we call it that elongation. But in terms of win rates and all that, no change in that.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Steve. I would say that, I mean, they're mainly primarily a compressor distributor. They do have some power side of the business that is small in nature, but interestingly enough, I mean they actually have provided power for some -- even including data centers, I mean, amongst all things. So I think it's just an interesting area that we're learning, and we have some chiller technology with Friulair that we're seeing how can we interact. So I mean, we're definitely learning a lot on that side. In terms of air, air by the hour or things like that, we do have some of those programs already in place in Australia, even with our legacy Ingersoll Rand side of the business, and we call it air over the fence in many cases. But I think we're very excited about CAPS. I mean it gives us a tremendous amount of footprint in Australia and great connectivity to a very good level of customer base in addition to the great strong base of revenue that we already have with Ingersoll Rand.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Sure, Nigel. So book-to-bill, yes, definitely less than 1 in the second half, which is kind of back to our normal way of -- we always said [indiscernible] and 1 in this first half and then it's basically less than 1 in the second half. And that would imply kind of since I would say, maybe to the numbers, I mean, think about it, Q3 and Q4 is slightly different, but low single digits year-over-year in Q3 and Q4. That's kind of what we imply there. Although keep in mind that we don't tend to guide on orders, but you can do the back of the envelope calculation there. And on the second question, I mean the EPC and the large project continues to still be at play here in the second half. I think what we're saying is that this elongation of decision-making is taking much longer. And for better or letter way of saying it, we're discounting that even further. But these are projects that are active and whether they might happen in the second half or they may happen as we go into 2025. We view that as great visibility as to what's out there in the market that will be eventually coming back to us.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Food and beverage, I mean, nothing of note to be honest here, Nigel. I mean I think food and beverage will continue to sell based on just as we always do in terms of sustainability, whether it is return on investment based on energy savings, the ability to be able to provide service agreements. So a good combination of all and it's about prioritizing the spend in those facilities. And as long as we show a great return on investment, which we are with our technologies and our solutions, we can get that into us.
Vicente Reynal: So I'll say that China definitely played out very well in terms of what we kind of saw in the first half. I will say that even in some regards, slightly better because we saw that Q1 to Q2 sequential improvement in orders in China, which we were surprised to see and the team building some backlog. We just decided that based on everything that we can see coming out of China and whether geopolitical elections and all of that kind of put together, we decided to be more prudent and kind of put China more as being stable here in the second half versus seeing any material improvement from here onwards.
Vicente Reynal: Nicole, I would say that one data point that we talked a lot about is that kind of short cycle on the PST side, mid-single-digit kind of growth in Q2, which is actually very good to see. And when you think about all the other in the ITS side, I mean, all the regions, including -- except obviously China, they saw actually some very good momentum too as well. As indicated, as you can see in terms of some of the product line aspect that we talked about compressors and compressor has been up from an orders perspective, kind of in the second quarter, which obviously a lot of the compressor that's driving to as well, the majority for us is on that kind of short cycle side, short to medium cycle.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Good question there, David. I think the reason for that is that, first of all, I say this is a transaction that we cultivated for past kind of 3 years. So we've been kind of watching them on the sidelines and learning a lot about them. And this transaction, I would say, fell really more into the adjacent category as compared to our core offering of compressor blower and vacuum. But yes, I mean, I think, ultimately, it was all about valuation. I mean we continue to be highly disciplined. And we assume very well know, we tend to do a lot of our ROI analysis around the line, so things that we can control and how do we view that business on areas that we can control versus extrapolating on revenue activity that we tend to discount heavily. So I will say that, ultimately, that led to a performance that we've decided that it was just not the right timing for us.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you, Briana. I'll just say thank you for your level of interest, and I appreciate all the questions and all the participants that I know many of our employees are actually listening to the call and to those that are listening to the call, I'd just say thank you again for another great quarter performance. And let's get out of here now to execute again here in the second half of the year. With that, thank you very much, and have a good day.
