Mike Lamach: Resi was strong in the quarter, bookings and revenue. While we think it continues for the balance of the year. We think the market might be low-single-digit, mid-single-digit. Steve, we think we'll be mid-single-digit for the year there, so that’s progressing. Again, as you know it’s 80% replacement. We're heavily indexed there and anything we do incrementally with new construction is actually an add. That’s growth for us. So we feel like we're in a great position. With regard to commercial North America, we’re seeing strengths in unitary, we seeing strength and applied and services. We are seeing particular verticals like K12 Labs and data centers that are growing nicely. So they'll let up there and then just to anticipate some questions, I think that people may ask, if you think about our backlog today across the globe from an HVAC perspective, we're up 21% year-over-year and even up sequentially from quarter one to quarter two. So that is, I think indicative of just continued strong markets and a solid pipeline going forward.
Mike Lamach: Well in the markets that we get really good data, third party which is the easiest to look at absolutely, that’s a fact, yes.
Mike Lamach: Well, I don’t see any changes in sort of HVAC globally. I think we've got a pretty good read on the global landscape. Most markets are strong and there's pockets for this weakness, but surprises where markets are strong. Example of that would be Mexico has gone through a couple quarters of negative GDP. It's a pretty big market for us. So that's a newer information but we’re relatively strong in an equivalent market in the southern cone of Latin America. So it's that sort of thing on the edges that we're looking at, but the market's remained strong. There's a lot of focus on Thermo King and I think we've done a decent job explaining the constraints that exist in 2018 at Class 8 tractors and how customers lined-up in advance really to pull on that supply capability. It translated down to trailers and of course that all translated it those customers ordering either APUs or refrigerated trailers. The actual tab time of how the heartbeat of a plant runs and we match trailers and units to actual tractors or trailers, it’s very smooth and that backlog generates just mid-single-digit revenue growth that's been pretty consistent. So the noises around the TK bookings, but again I think you just have to separate that from the 28 constraints with our customers, and think more about the HVAC market being strong and transport just generating solid revenue growth and good backlog and generally healthy markets. And we're still seeing good order intake rate at Transport. So it's not as if things are drying up even on the order input side there, just tough comps.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I think we've got our eyes wide open on the short cycle and we've accommodated that in our forecast. We had strengthen longer cycle, some of which we expect to shift in the fourth quarter a lot – we’ll shift in 2020. We've had excellent growth and our consumer strategy related to a small electric vehicles. So – and Julian we just finished the five plus seven forecasts not even a month ago. We've had the opportunity to update that last month with risks and opportunities. I think that we feel pretty good about that forecast. When I look back at the beginning of the year relative to guidance, I would say that climate markets are trending toward maybe the upper end of that. And industrial markets may be – would be trending to the lower side of that, but not that we feel like great, where we need to be in terms of the guidance that we gave.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Juliana, I mean when you look at leverage, first of all in the quarter we actually had really good leverage. We had leverage above gross margins there north of 30% and we were able to be right about 30% for the first half of the year. So the question probably relates to what you're thinking to be a step down in the revenue. But again here, when you look at 21% year-over-year backlog and sequentially improving backlog from quarter one and quarter two, no deliveries and service business being about half the business. The amount of book in turn we need to do is actually is small as I can remember it. So again, feel pretty good about the revenue number and I think that segment in general leverages pretty close on the full-year at the 25% rate we guided to originally. So I'm not seeing a lot of weakness there.
Mike Lamach: We've got over the years a wonderful operating system that in terms of the metrics and any of the early warning indicators that we would get, Scott feel good about seeing that. Of course we're seeing none of it today. The more important thing we're doing though is organizing ourselves in a way that we can compartmentalize, what needs to happen and then think about the interdependencies between things. So as an example, our Number 1 priority is to run the business and run it well every day and execute on the commitments we've made. The second priority is the separation itself. Of course, there is no integration without the separation. So there's a separate team focused on separation that does not involve the integration team, which is the third priority. Third priority around integration is to the extent we can under the rules of engagement is to support GDI’s lead in that effort and so that continues. And the fourth thing that we're doing is using the opportunity, the value stream map, much of the company and core process to customers and use the opportunity to think about those core processes in a way that we can make sure that the maximum value added to customers is being delivered and how we might structure from that output and what that might mean of course with the cost structure and maybe speed the market in some cases, it's pretty exciting. But we've tried to make sure that the teams, our different people, to the extent we can. Of course a group like tax is going to be related to all four of those activities but we're doing a pretty good job of compartmentalizing that and running it and using the metrics that we've always used to run the business.
Mike Lamach: We've really designed – really our technology and go to market strategy around sustainability and around eliminating both emissions and reducing efficiencies. So this passion around having the most energy efficient commercial systems out there in the world today using the most responsible refrigerants that we can put into these systems of leveraging the analytics, the data, the controls around that to put more sophisticated service offerings together. The belief that on that commercial side, we need to be doing that ourselves. Not through independent distribution because of the complexity of what it takes to model cell, service, deliver against those plans, that's been our strategy and we've been consistent about that and just executing hard against that. I think from a goal deployment perspective, again another core part to the operating system, there's no mystery in the company as to what our goals are, what's expected, what we're measuring, so that – it just coming together in a way that has worked, Scott over a long period of time.
Mike Lamach: Yes, both are progressing well there, John. I'm always surprised at the degree of service penetration in China, how quickly that's maturing. So there is really no surprises there and from a service perspective we continue to do well there, so not much more to say. Obviously the U.S. and Europe are the gold standard around penetration and linkage and then China is quickly over the years coming to that point and over the next five years, I think it'll be at the same level as our North American European penetration.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Nigel, I would call it Asia on your first question, probably to be what we're seeing the long cycle bookings and here you are seeing a chemicals manufacturing energy? Their separation would be another for sure, so that will be the – what I point out there. With North America, with the U.S. in particular, there was a slow down. It seemed after there was a flurry in the U.S. MCA discussions between Mexico and the U.S. and the possibility of the U.S. imposing additional tariffs, if Mexico wouldn't secure the border from the Mexican side. Roughly after that we saw a slow down. I think it was certainly an end user demand and that obviously effected sell through of distribution short cycle products there. And it bounced around a little bit but off kind of that lower level. So hopefully all that I get cleaned up permanently and I think that'll have a restorative impact on short cycle and it does. I think it will be a nice bounce up when there's certainty around that.
Mike Lamach: No, I know exactly it was exceptionally strong for us. So, no, I would say it would be a highlight of the quarter as opposed to a weakness.
Mike Lamach: Yes, the starting point, just to be clear, is something that we're all very proud of over 10 plus years. And so transformation does not mean, if there’s something bad, it's something good that it means there’s an opportunity here to really go think every – I mean obviously from a name and a brand all the way through to simplification of legal entities. The way that we might look at the way support services are performed across the company. We will apply the same value stream mapping that we would do in a manufacturing process to the way record to report or procure to pay or any kind of order the cash process would work. We'll look through our field organization and understand how that would pan out in terms of incentives and some of the metrics that are out in the field. And just to make sure that those are we want them to be. There is likely different structures that will evolve when you answer those questions. And I think with a goal toward customer focus, a goal towards simplification, being tighter on some of the investment focus on our core sustainability themes. All those things I think are exciting to people inside the company because we're building off a piece of a strong foundation.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I can’t really contrast it to anybody else, but I can tell you, we're about 50:50 direct and indirect. We really didn't see any difference in order rates there at all. I guess in 45 or so earnings calls – I can't remember, I don't think I've ever used weather as a strategy or as an excuse. I can tell you weather normalizes very quickly often within a year, with a bias toward a warming planet. There's more degree days in the future, not fewer. So it's a great place to be, and we like the footprint that we've got. Our focus is on market share and margin expansion as it is for every product growth theme we have inside the company. So those are two clear goals that we have, and that doesn't change.
Mike Lamach: Yes, it’s too early on that. I mean we'd like to see the update that's coming out around Class A. We'd like to see the updates coming out around refrigerated trailers to know that. My sense is there's no way to burn off all of the backlog we've got in 2019. I know we're into 2020, as it stands. Order rate is still healthy. So just a really early view, which was the same view we gave last time, is when you normalize the 2018 bookings over a 2019 and 2020 revenue cycle, I think you get kind of the steady tact coming out of the business of mid-single-digit growth rates. So I would have no reason to deviate from that at this point.
Mike Lamach: In fact, Gautam, I hope, depending on how sort of Brexit really unfolds and unwinds, that next year, we're sort of getting through this low point in Europe. And potentially, we're seeing strength in Europe, which has been markedly slower than North America as a result of just what's happening with the broader European economy.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, I think you’re largely talking about what consumers might think. But if you think about any institutional building, any data center, any industrial building in Europe, they've got the same requirements that you've got all over the world. And I would say the booking rates there, for us, for multiple years have been extraordinary. We've said, I think in 2016, that we would double the business by 2020, and we're going to definitely do that. So I look at economy there, that even though it's modeling around kind of flattish, we've had bookings growth and revenue growth that's been in that high teens, low-20s range now for multiple years. But we're not focused on the consumer there per se. Although there is an extraordinary opportunity, I think going forward around the electrification of heat in Europe, as you'll see more of that application as opposed to the problems of boilers in Europe over time. When that happens, I do think we've got a business and a product portfolio that will benefit from that regulatory conversion in Europe to electrification of heat.
Mike Lamach: Yes, when we think about our CapEx, there's been a little difference to how we think about it because we want to make things where we sell things, and that's generally what we've always done. And I would say there's even a stronger concentration of that than it was five years ago. That's been our strategy. As it relates to the supply chain, it depends. Where there is an easy answer, yes, we'll look for an opportunity there if we can, and we've made some movement there. So the answer to your question is, from our own footprint perspective, we're continuing to do what we do from a supply chain perspective. Around the edges, there's things that we do to move supply where we can.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Andrew, just a bit on your question. I'm just going to follow up, I know you're off the line here. But it's interesting a, lot of the Chinese customers that we have that we're looking to move production away from China to maybe avoid some of the U.S.-China tariffs. We're thinking about Mexico as well. I think that some of what they've done and decided has changed over time, and I think we're seeing more in areas like Vietnam, as an example, as opposed to Mexico. So there are changes with our customers in terms of how they're working their footprint for sure. I will take the next question, Chris.
Mike Lamach: Okay, I am just taking $40 million of operating income on a $124 million revenue rise, and that's what I'm looking at.
Mike Lamach: I would say, in both Climate and Industrial, from March, forward, bookings have steadily improved in China, specifically. And – but the markets have shifted. As an example, electronics would be down, say, 15% as a market, but you're going to find other markets that have been compensating for that and some of the heavier industries that would have compensated, and steel would be an example there, something that's – or power generation, where there's a market both for Industrial and for process cooling in those markets. So that's been good. Yes, we're stacking quarter one and quarter two of 2019 against plus 20s kinds of comps in quarter one, two of 2018, so the stack in that is sort of still mid – kind of low to mid-teens growth over the two-year period. So we're happy with kind of what's going on in terms of the strategy there that we had around the direct sales force that we've put in place. And then we're happy with the linkage, the service there. China is slower than it was historically, but still a pretty good market. And there's a focus not quite as strong as Europe around sustainability, but certainly, as I've talked in the past, much more of focus in China around clean air and clean water. That's having a positive impact on what we do.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Andy, maybe some – just I give you one point of specificity here to the bookings growth in the quarter against if you think about sort of all the food management peers that are out there, that I think are booking negative. We are proud of that.
Sue Carter: Well, wait John would – a right John what I would say is when you think about how we called price cost for the year, we're basically in line with how we called it. So we knew then we were going to have some great price comparisons on a year-over-year basis in the front half of the year. And we knew that in the back half of the year we were going to lap some comparisons to last year. So price is going to actually be – it's not a deceleration at all but the comparisons to pricing the back half of last year are going to result in a little bit less of a spread than in the first half of the year. But in terms of expectations, that's exactly what we would have expected. The prices are going through, they are sticking, they are actually being realized in the business and material inflation is actually doing approximately what we thought it would do for the year, which is we've gone the tariffs covered, we've got all of the elements of costs covered and we're seeing a little bit of material stabilization but again, stabilization to our expectations in the back half of the year and a little bit of deflation, but given the way that we buy materials, probably more of a 2020 impact. So when I think about the whole price cost sort of put it in a basket, I think the price comparisons are more difficult in the back half of the year than the front half of the year. Material inflation is doing about what we expected and that gives us roughly the 20 basis points to 30 basis points of spread for the entire year on price cost. I mean, maybe its [indiscernible] conservative, but it looks about like we thought it would look, which is the really good part of that.
Sue Carter: Well, Joe, if you remember, we actually – when we gave our original guidance for the year, we had actually planned on both copper and steel perhaps having less inflation in Q3 and Q4, and that's basically coming true. So if you think about copper specifically that you asked about, we're about 75% locked for the back half of the year, which is typical for us. Where you'll see the benefit of those spot rates on copper that really have come down is really in 2020, as I said. So we're doing buys every month for whether it's for 2019 or for 2020, so you'll see the advantage of that appearing in the 2020 numbers. And pretty much the same thing on steel. We know what we're paying for steel about six months in advance. And with either one of those commodities, the highest spot prices were in Q1. They started to come down in Q2, and they'll – the spot rates that we see right now are down in Q3 and Q4. But again, that's more to our expectations. I don't expect that to be a huge tailwind in the back half of the year. On the other hand, the good news is, is it's not actually a headwind like we've seen for the last couple of years. So like I say we’re taking advantage of it with our buying processes and with our supply chain each and every time we buy the commodities, but it actually is performing about like we expected and called for during the year.
Sue Carter: Yes, it is actually a refreshing type of business because they do have several different brands that they operate under and several different end markets that they go to, and the management team is excellent at finding a real balance between the opportunities in the portfolio and the risks in the portfolio. And they are operating to the management plan that we use when we bought the business, which is great news, both revenue, operating income as well as cash flow.
