Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Thanks, Sue. Please go to slide 17. We believe the company is extremely well-positioned to deliver strong shareholder returns over the next several years. Our strategy is firmly tied to attractive end markets that are healthy and growing profitably, supported by global megatrends such as energy efficiency and sustainability. We've been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to enable consistent profitable growth. We've experienced management and a high performing team culture that breeds operational excellence in everything we do. And lastly, we are committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track record of deploying excess cash to shareholders over the years. And with that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, Steve, the business over time has diversified in every way. We talked about that with Transport being more resilient, more diverse. The same thing is true in our commercial HVAC business globally, where service was a major contributor to us in the quarter, that's stripping equipment growth and that's through the form of contracts generally. So it's not just repair fix based on weather. Those sorts of things are helping smooth out a bit of the earnings. So it's hard to probably just go back to historical trends and say that that's the business going forward, because over time like we did with cash over many years, we've been working on smoothing out the cash profile of the company. So there's an operating side of the company to make sure that we are smoothing out between quarters as best we can. Even in the Club Car business, which has got it's own seasonality, the consumer vehicle strategy is a way of offsetting some of that golf seasonality that we normally see there.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, I think Q2 and Q3 will always be our strongest quarters. I just don't know that you can take 10% to 15% of quarter one and quarter two or 45% of quarter one and quarter two, and 55% in quarter three and quarter four anymore. I think at this point in time, we do know we're going to exceed the top end of our guidance. We don't know yet by how much. And we're going to get back to you in quarter two once we've seen quarter two, and I think we'll be more accurate at that point in time.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: There are a lot of major large projects that we invested in and executed in quarter one. And you saw that through structuring as an example. So we think we've loaded up the year and 2019 with good productivity to follow. So I expect to be our normal good productivity offsetting inflation for the year. It's just going to be heavier loaded on larger projects, meaning that there were probably fewer smaller projects we saw in the quarter, but it doesn't change the pipeline where we try to get 125% of what we think we need for the year into the pipeline, and the pipeline remains healthy.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Pricing is really hitting expectations for us. We across the board achieved what we thought we would do in quarter one. We closed the gap quite significantly from quarter four. And believe that quarter one might look a little bit like quarter two, but what we've priced and will ship in the back half of the year and how we're thinking about price increases going forward throughout the year should lead to good performance in Q3, Q4. So the guidance we gave last time which was sort of a plus 30-basis point, minus 30-basis point and then biasing you towards the minus 30-basis point, we're really operating right within that minus 20 basis points, minus 30 basis points window.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Thanks, Andy. The nice news is there was nothing in the quarter one bookings that we would have called out are spiked out. That would be a difficult comp for next year. It was very broad based across the globe. And so if you think about going across the globe, North America is shaping up not the way we thought it would shape up, solid growth in equipment. And in institutional markets, education specifically would be around K-12 say versus colleges and universities, K-12 is strong typically with mid-year elections coming, we're seeing more bond issuances that are passing or on the dockets for updating aging school infrastructure. That's good news. Healthcare is strong. It's not so much in acute care. We're seeing that in a lot of the clinics and specialty hospitals there. That's good. There are more of them that's been positive. Other verticals are generally stable and positive. So if you look at ABI, auto sales, GDP growth, retail sales, non-resi fixed construction, vacancy rates, they all look good. They're all stable, are healthy, and they would point to low single to mid single-digit markets, and we would think that Trane will grow at or above the markets in North America. Europe is strong for us, particularly we're seeing that with a very high activity in our own sales pipelines. We're seeing obviously good contribution from the rental services business that we acquired in the quarter. Economic indicators there are positive around mid single-digits. Brexit is a bit of a wild card, but right now it's not showing up as much of an issue for us. Asia is led by China. Very strong for us, that's fundamentally the direct sales strategy we put in place. We are very pleased with what we're seeing there, including service growth that we had in the quarter. Realizing it's about half of Asia, other important markets for us like Singapore and Taiwan will be down just a little bit. India will be strong probably out mid single-digit. And Thailand is a nice market for us as well. We'll see modest growth. So anywhere across the world, and I probably would throw Brazil in there as well. Brazil was a good market for us in the quarter and we think that that's on the road to recovery. So just about every place we're running commercial HVAC operations, we're seeing good growth.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. And it's early in the year. But I think that when you fundamentally boil it down to operating leverage, we'll see better operating leverage in the back half of the year. Some of this is price cost relationship. Some of this is the way that productivity and products are loaded into system. Part of it's based on the assumption that we see continued good volume and mix in the portfolio. So that goes the way it should go then I would say that we would see operating leverage for the company along the lines of what we guided to for the full year of 25%.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, I think Q1 and Q2 will look relatively similar, but Q3 and Q4 will pick up. I think Q3, Q4 is relatively flat, particularly quarter four, meaning we're at that point matching cost increase. Now all that's predicated on us having an understanding of what's happening with inflation to the best of our ability. But from a pricing perspective we're layering in prices where prices are given to the market. So as an example HVAC will have a May increase as well. But on project specifically, which have unique pricing, it's factored into those tools as well for pricing into the market place. So I think the back half of the year is stronger, and that's how we kind of get to that minus 20 basis points , minus 30 basis points for the end of the year.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, it's a double-edged sword, because if you think about our transport refrigeration customers, they are seeing a 30% increase in their rate per mile and great demand. And if you couple that with what they are doing in terms of taking advantage of tax reform, you're seeing growth in the transport refrigeration market. But on the flipside of that, if you think about the industry, and I'm not a comment specifically on what we've seen, but I'm going to tell you from an industry perspective on dry freight, it's up about 15% over the prior year. So what I would say is that sort of number in the marketplace that is out there, and it's a meaningful number to companies like ours.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, there was a year Joe that we did give quarter one update. But generally speaking over a long period of time, we've always reserved for that until later in the year. To us, there are a lot of wildcards out there, inflation being one, but tariffs and trade wars is also something that's I think on a lot of people's minds. And we're seeing that, frankly, on larger industrial projects, decisions being made by customers there, where in that particular customer set, I think it's more concern about tariffs and the cost of input and the location of plants or lines that they would be thinking about either expanding in the U.S. or somewhere else as opposed to tax reform. So where in the transportation markets, our trucking customers have taken advantage of tax reform, as an example, not as worried about tariffs. We're seeing a little different response with our Industrial customers, I think delaying some actions.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, price gets better in the second, so that's true. We think that inflation probably creeps up a little bit again in the second quarter. So you end up Q1, Q2 relatively flat, kind of think minus 40 basis points is probably a pretty good number there. As you trend through the back half of the year, there's a more meaningful increase in price. And you're really then offsetting which should be relatively flat inflation at that point, because you're lapping pretty high inflation numbers at that point as well. So I think that the back half of the year tends to look flat. The front half of the year tends to look at minus 40 basis points. So you're in that minus 20 basis points, minus 30 basis points range.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, very solid. Very solid. Continued share gain there, and that was consistent with our expectations. Replacement and new construction, both healthy for us, obviously driven by unemployment and GDP being stable and other indicators that are favoring that. The Trane Go platform, which is the whole total installed pricing transparency tool, is really delivering some significant growth for us, and we're seeing higher leads, higher conversion rates, that's again driving the share gain, I think, there for us as well. And you know this very well, Steve, the tougher market compares Q2 to Q4, but we still think the market will be up low to mid single-digits and we expect share gain to continue there for us.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Not going to comment on specifically there. But I would say that there was share gain in the quarter. And obviously, you all know that it was a pretty good quarter for the industry.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I'd start with there's really good visibility around Q3 as we stand here in April with half the business being service and the other half being equipment. Most of that equipment being in the backlog and really not relying heavily on book-and-turn to drive the business. So I think that the only wildcard we really have is, if you think about it, is inflation. Pricing will be set on deliveries that were going to be made. The backlog is being built. The service business is humming along. So I feel good about the ability to say that we're going to top the guidance that we gave at this point in time. I just don't want to be more specific about that until we actually see what happens in quarter two.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. Let's first talk about two thirds of the Industrial segment, which is the compressor technology business. And here, we saw really strong growth in services and expect services to continue to grow stronger than equipment which is great to our focuses. We also saw a really good growth on short cycle compressors. We saw growth with some OEM work we do, selling components to other OEMs. And we saw a nice growth in oil-free rotary. So that was excellent growth, and I made a comment already about North America and Asia being stronger regionally. We do see lumpiness though in the very large centrifugal projects, and we're seeing some delays there. And it is driven by micro uncertainty related to tariffs and some of the risk associated there, but we do expect that to recover as well. North America manufacturing looks healthy. All the verticals there are strong. Processed gas and air separation are expected to be strong this year as well. Key economic indicators are supportive here. Industrial production is at a two-year high. Defense-related aerospace forecast is strong. So we think the markets there will be good. AP will be strong regionally, it's strongest regionally for us. We think that China probably is tapering a little bit from 6% GDP, but we're seeing that there's still good growth in the market there as well. On the other third, the other $1 billion of the Industrial market, really strong growth in small electric vehicles, particularly as it relates to the consumer strategy. And we saw good growth, if not excellent growth in the Industrial products, which for us is going to be material handling, it's going to be our tools and our fluid management business, which is a very high margin business for us.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, I don't think the price increase or the time they were given was that different than what the expectation would have been in the prior year. So there could be specific distributors that might have done more than they would have done. But as we look at inventories across the backlog, they're pretty appropriate for where they need to be at this point in time. So I don't see tremendous risk there.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, actually I'm going to answer your question and then I'm going to probably add on a little bit which gets to maybe a little bit of Steve Tusa's last question regarding specific kind of guidance or results in different businesses. But the strategy is going very well for us. There's exceptional equipment organic bookings happening there. Just to give you a point of color, the visibility that we have in our project pipeline that we would put all projects into a pipeline that are out there for us to pursue were up 100% year-over-year, meaning they doubled. So we have visibility to twice as many projects as the prior year. The number of proposals that we provided were up 130%. So the projects were actually finding or even better projects for us to go pursue albeit they might be larger or longer cycle, projects that perhaps distribution wasn't getting at, but our company-owned resources are our direct team is getting at. So very strong growth in bookings there, very strong growth in service there as well, and that is the most important thing. That is mapping how we wanted it to map, which means that the financial pressure there on the margin is getting better as it was planned and should be getting year-over-year. And I would say that, I've got high level of confidence that we'll see 2018 margins that are flat to 2017 margins on a much higher revenue base for the year. And I think in 2019 and beyond it will be a nice tailwind for us as the service business grows.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. One versus the other was not remarkable in terms of what drove the business. So there wasn't sort of an outstanding performance in one business covering up for another. And getting back to the question that Steve asked a little bit as well, over the last say five years, I've never seen a better linkage from strategy to execution as it relates to the ability for us to identify strategic growth programs, invest the talent and the resources into those, and then get really good results often a multiple of what the underlying growth rate is of the business. And they're mapping exactly to what we planned, and we provide so much detail on these calls, particularly in a tough pricing environment, all we do is put a bull's-eye into back of our salespeople out in the marketplace around sort of where we're penetrating and who we're beating. So it doesn't really help the company, which means it doesn't help the shareholder for us to be providing too much of that. It also invites a lot of short-termism into the way that people would think about the business because a quarter, whether we have a blowout number or don't, really doesn't change the long-term dynamics of what we're trying to do strategically around growing the business. And so again, we thought long and hard about that, I apologize for the sell-siders who really use that to model, but believe it's in the best interest long-term, certainly of the company's shareholders that we don't provide that much granular information on a go-forward basis. But back to your question, really good growth both in HVAC and in TK. The surprise to us has been the TK business, which is strengthening globally, but also strengthening in North America, specifically around the trailer business that we talked about.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Well, you think about backlog margins being higher because they're going to have higher price on the backlog margin. So if you think about standard cost being roughly the same first half to back half, we're not going to change standards midway through the year. What's different is the pricing coming into that, plus you're seeing, hopefully seeing additional absorption coming into the factory volumes on the higher revenue. So the margins in the back half of the year are better than the front half of the year, and that's sort of the outlook that we've got on why leverage and ultimately margin expansion for the full year happens.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. In fact, what we talked about was the fact that typically we'd be plus 20 basis points, plus 30 basis points. We said look, let's not be so precise because we've had so much inflation here and it's so volatile that, let's say, it's minus 30 basis points, plus 30 basis points. But within that window, we're confident at that point in time that we're going to be able to get the leverage in the business that we had thought about and communicated to you by managing the entire P&L. And that's the intent. Now within that, we said, let's bias it toward the bottom end of that range. Let's play it safe. Let's look at minus 30 basis points as probably being closer to the reality. And what we're seeing transpire in the marketplace with price is that we are certainly within the band that we've communicated, say minus 30 basis points. If you looked at a spot forecast, we could say minus 20 basis points today. Understand the volatility in that is moving quite a bit. So I feel good about being in that kind of minus 20 bps, minus 30 bps range at this point, and that will evolve over the course of the year as these wildcards play out.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. As volatile as it is right now, we're certainly looking at what's happening for the year. So it's not that we're not thinking about 2019, but we'd be really stretching to prognosticate much at this point in time. We want to make sure we can call Q3 and Q4. So at this point in time, I'd hold back on comments there.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. And it'll take a minute because again it is a diversified business here. But let's talk first about North America trailer, which is where some of the news is. And here you've got tight shipping capacity. You've got tight labor supply in terms of drivers. All driving the 50% sort of industry increase that I've mentioned. You've got regulatory changes here which are also impacting. So this is electronic logging devices specifically. And then you got the benefit of the U. S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. So Act raised their outlook to 44,600. I think last time we spoke, we were kind of biasing around 41,000 and that was a little better than the original plan which is around 39,000. I think, frankly, it's somewhere between 41,000 and 44,600, which is what Act has. Act may not have thought through some of the constraints around cabs or even about inventory in the marketplace. And so perhaps in the number is 2,000 units or so less than that. It's all good news. Europe should be very solid for truck, for trailer as well broadly, some markets are stronger than others. Interestingly, Russia is about 15% of the market and it's growing a little faster than Europe as a whole. So there is a wildcard there on anything would happen there with further sanctions in Russia. But generally speaking, it's good growth. The APU market is strong and that is really tracking Class 8 sleeper cabs and then our bolt-on rate kind of where we measure the bolt-on from our units on to these sleeper cabs is increasing and that's looking like the plan we laid out for you at the Analyst Day over a year ago at this point in time. The marine market is strong. I want to say in the quarter, it was up over 220%. The market was up over 220%. It's relatively small business for us, but good growth there. And then bus, rail and air would be mixed. Rail is longer larger projects that are good for us. Bus is a lot of the city kind of transit buses and air is an interesting but small portfolio where we're seeing more biopharma moved through this route. You're seeing sort of 10% increase in the market for moving biopharma in refrigerated containers via air. So that's a strong sign around those businesses. But collectively, those bus, rail, air businesses are something like 10% of the portfolio, so not a large part of the portfolio. Good growth in Latin America, specifically Brazil, and continued good growth in Asia.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: The methodical approach really is just keeping intrinsic value in front of us as we're looking at an acquisition and trying to make the right long-term decision around the acquisition. So obviously, as the share price drops, it makes the intrinsic value greater, it makes acquisitions little bit more difficult. But look, if what we see persists, the price of acquisitions should come down too as well. So look, let's just let this thing play out, but I think we've shown a very disciplined process over the past few years about why we buy and what we pay for. And I could tell you that what we've bought in 2017 is generating far greater EPS in 2018 and 2019 than share repurchase but that's because we looked at intrinsic value versus the acquisitions and made good decisions and integrated them well into the company.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: It actually gets, yeah, it gets very much to my point – it gets very much my point that strategy is mapping very closely the strategic growth programs and the product growth teams is a success in these markets. And in some cases, I think, we're surprising ourselves around the growth here and that's great. So, it was a very strong quarter delighted to have sort of book that and put it into the backlog and we're going to see how quarter two and quarter three progress.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I'd say the whole digital strategy for the company is probably the largest investment when you look through that across the company if you look at the product growth. It is definitely in the results that we're seeing around why the controls business was up as much as it is. And then specifically on the connected strategy and growth rates there, we talked about sort of 30% compound growth rates and we're continuing to see that take shape. We just made an acquisition in the quarter around another company a small company, a lot of intellectual property and many, many hundreds of thousands of connections through smart meter technology into our platform. So there is more investment happening there as well and we're trying to extend and get a larger footprint. But the strategy is growing roughly 30%. You were seeing that show up in our controls business and it's intentional. That's about all I could say there.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: So Robert, as we think about capital allocation and we think about Ingersoll-Rand, the first part that I want to start with is that we continue to have a strengthening balance sheet. Our process around cash flow, around managing investment has been good and will continue to be good. So when we think about capital allocation, and we talked about this in some of the prepared remarks, I don't think it's different than what we've said before. We're going to continue to invest in the business and investing in the business can be CapEx, which we guided at $300 million for the year. It can be in new products, it can be in our sales force, but continuing to invest in the business and that is really important to us. It's having that strong dividend with growth in the dividend being equal to or greater than our net income. And then when you come to the remainder of the cash flow, I think what you think about is that we are going to deploy the excess cash flow, and how we deploy that last couple of pieces of it is highly dependent on what transpires from the M&A side and the timing of that. We don't have to do anything on M&A, but we do have a good active pipeline as you can tell from the last four months or five months we've had some technology, some channel, some other things come through the pipeline that have turned out well for us. And what I'd like to see on the M&A side is our ability to grow earnings and to grow a long-term cash flow stream out of the M&A. And on share repurchase, you're right. Shares and the intrinsic value are showing a positive, and we'll see how that turns out. We've committed offsetting dilution. We told you in the original guidance that we had modeled $500 million of share repurchase. But on that toggle between those two, I really would like to see us work the M&A side, work the earnings and cash flow growth side of that, and then be really smart on share repurchase and other aspects of capital allocation.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Yeah. Jeff, I think, you've got that exactly right. We don't want to be in the speculation business. But let me give you a couple of thoughts on what we're doing today, and maybe options for the future. So today, again, we've got visibility on steel. You can't lock, you can't hedge it. We've got visibility of about six months, three months on pricing and about three months on inventory. So we know what that looks like, and we know what we have to do in terms of price on the steel side of the market. On copper, we lock copper prices, and so we're locking in volumes with our supply base throughout the year. We enter any given quarter at about 70% locked on copper. Actually we're about 66% locked for the year on copper. But what happens on that lock, and I think this is important is, we're giving volume commitment and we're getting pricing commitment out of the supply base. So in other words, the fluctuations on that copper price are actually belong to the supply base, so any financial hedges are being done on that side of the house. Now, is there pressure for maybe us to take on a little bit more of that with the change in hedge accounting rules and things like that? The answer is perhaps, and in it's perhaps a way to do that. But I think what you would do even if we hedged the actual copper or aluminum, is you would still layer in your purchases so that you're almost doing $1 cost averaging type of move on buying in those commodities. I think you probably end up in about the same place with a financial hedge versus the locks that are out there. So we continue to refine our thinking around that. We continue to work on the processes, which is getting really good and projecting the volumes really good and projecting the timing of those, but I really do think it kind of works like it does today with us getting visibility on our costs so that we can react with pricing if need be.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Yeah. Tim the 8-K and the information that we put out there, so let me parse this into two parts, which is 2018 and then post 2018. So in 2018, the benefit on interest expense is about $11 million. On Q1, specifically, actually, our interest expense is up very slightly because of actually having interest on both the refinanced tranches, as well as the new tranches for a short period of time. If I look beyond 2018, the guidance that we gave was about $19 million of benefit 2019 and beyond.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: Yeah, I think on investment spending, let's call that similar to 2017 as we go through the year. I think what is important, Robert, on the investment spending itself is what that actually is going into. So we're continuing to work on new products. We're continuing to work on our operational excellence initiatives. There's a small amount of IT. But in terms of how we're going to do that throughout the year, it would look similar to 2017. And the changes that we may see as we go through this and this is an important part of our process is, we've got an investment review board that looks at all of the different components of investments that we do and make sure that we've got the right business cases, the right value creation for all of those investments and that's a really sound practice for us as part of our business operating system that may impact some of the timings somewhat, but I don't expect it to be terribly different.
Susan Carter - Ingersoll-Rand Plc: So Deane, great question. On steel, what my comment was meant to be is you cannot do a financial hedge or something of that nature on steel. However, it is a lot like a locking program where we get visibility from spot prices and commitments, contractual commitments from the suppliers on steel that will go out three months. So that we've got visibility to the pricing and then we've also got inventory. So we've got about six months of visibility to price increases or decreases. It's just a matter of there isn't a financial hedging mechanism that's out there on steel, which could be on copper and aluminum.
