Michael W. Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today’s call. Earnings per share from continuing operations for the third quarter were $1.07. That’s $0.09 better than the midpoint of our guidance range from July. About half the beat came from operations and the remainder was from other income. Versus our prior guidance, revenues were slightly below the low end of our revenue guidance range. We are pleased with our ability to navigate a challenging market environment and to deliver above our earnings commitment with solid operational execution in all the businesses. Margin increased to 110 basis points despite a slight year-over-year decline in revenues on a reported basis. Versus last years third quarter, operating margins were up in each of the sectors. Markets were somewhat softer, somewhat lower our outlook, particularly in China, which continues to show slower than expected growth. We also saw a slowing in international industrial markets. Foreign exchange negatively impacted revenues by 2%. Revenues including foreign exchange were up 1%; excluding FX we saw a moderate growth in revenues in industrial and single-digit declines in Climate and Security. Residential revenues were up 11% year-over-year. Excluding Hussmann, orders were down 1%, but up 2% excluding currency. Operating margin for the quarter was 12.5%, up 110 basis points versus prior-year. Margins improved for pricing and productivity, partially offset by unfavorable mix, currency and investment spending year-over-year. Steve will give you more details in a few minutes, but to highlight a few areas residential delivered 430 basis points of margin improvement and gain share on the quarter. Industrial improved margins are 140 basis points and 1% revenue growth. Climate increased margins a 100 basis points on a comparable basis in the face of a challenging mix between Trane and Thermo King. And finally Security delivered 20 basis points of margin improvement despite continuing soft markets. All businesses continue to realize positive pricing, and in the third quarter our price realization outpaced direct material inflation for the sixth consecutive quarter. Our focus on operational excellence and innovation delivered excellent results in the quarter, and enabled us to effectively navigate global market conditions. I’m very encouraged by execution performance in the face of generally slowing market conditions, which we expect to continue to present challenges in the last quarter of the year. Now Steve will take you through the quarterly results in more detail.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah Nigel, we actually saw a progression from Q1, Q2, and Q3 in bookings, high negative kind of teen bookings in Q1, negative mid teens Q2, slight low digit almost flat in Q3 and that’s just sort of orders in hand in Q4 would give us sort of a sense of fourth quarter bookings and total being up for the year. So we feel pretty good about that. Now if you go beyond China, Asia, it’s actually been – it’s really healthy as well. So we’re about equally divided between China and Asia. So in general I think we’re rounding the corner in China.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, inflation moderates Q3 to Q4 sequentially. Price moderates from Q3 to Q4 sequentially. We think this will be the seventh quarter in a row that we will still see a positive spread between the two.
Michael W. Lamach: Nigel, one of the reasons why bookings were pretty flat is with – I mentioned in my remarks that the Marine business is down significantly. So if you take marine, which is – shows up in our European pile, it’s down quite a bit from prior-year. So the – and when I say quite a bit, its double-digits plus type of a number. So if you look at truck and trailer bookings in Q3, the Americas were actually up double-digits. We’re still seeing some pressure on bookings in truck trailer in Europe. But quite frankly the bookings in truck trailer Europe are not down as far as we kind of expected. So what you got here is, we’re continuing to hold our own and what I’ll call the core of our business within TK truck and trailer globally. But the Marine Container piece is having a big impact on it.
Michael W. Lamach: Well I think from a retail perspective with big box you’ll see the typical fourth quarter destocking that goes on. So I think just in terms of their patterns for the last seven, eight years that I’ve been involved you’ll see some destocking there across the Board. From a HVAC perspective, I think inventories are largely in check with where they should be. So, I don’t think we’d see any anomaly happening between inventory levels and the seasons there.
Michael W. Lamach: I feel good about it. If you look in the course it’s really just a season we’ve been able to not just get 2011 back, but really kind of gain on 2010 and I think that as next year we come into the season and we continue to sharpen our cost position on those entry level products and our distribution system across those products. I feel pretty good about our odds what we’re still – if you think about sort of the Trane brand, in terms of the brand recognition it’s just roughly twice our share and I think that’s really the entitlement going forward for us is to continually eat into that entitlement in the years ahead. So I feel good about what we’ve done and I feel good about actually next year, and I wish it was summer at this point.
Michael W. Lamach: Well specially Jeff, in performance contracting we had some larger bookings in Q3 there, which always went lends itself toward larger applied sales and again if you look at even the shift between unitary and applied Q3 and Q4, you’re seeing – that what we’re seeing the unitary down sort of mid-single digits, applied is up mid-single digits. So all that is really getting more toward large retrofits that are driven by energy savings, energy efficiency so, we’re actually I would say seeing more of a shift toward energy efficiency. If you look at sort of the customer base whether it’s institutional or its commercial or manufacturing customers that buy applied cooling products from us that are applied air compressor products from us. They’re looking at the same sort of markets that we are which are largely flat markets and for a lot of these units that are coming out, particularly the newer units we’re putting out in the market place, we’re seeing two, three year paybacks and that’s sort of a sweet spot. So, I would probably differ from the view you heard, say that we’re seeing probably more of a shift there. It’s also true that we shifted resources, feet in the street really from looking at some of the – I would say sort of the planned and spec market over to the retrofit market, toward energy conservation so you’ve also got more feet in the street for us pursuing owner direct negotiations that are energy efficiency motivated, so that could be part of it, it’s just the focus that we’ve had on trying to find some growth in pockets where we think growth can be had which isn’t in the planned and spec institutional construction market.
Michael W. Lamach: We have been living with Daikin McQuay for a while now. So we’ve seen that on the commercial side, and on the residential side it’s just way too soon to have seen anything or to comment on it; so nothing to this point.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Steve I would say the restructuring that we’ve done is the last piece, we’ve done a lot of that. We’ve got a little bit more to do there, but that’s played well. I’ll give you an example for Trane commercial in North America, they were able this past year year-to-date in forecast to achieve 45% operating leverage in the business and we got a little bit of volume coming into the unitary and applied business there against really what's been a very effectively restructured cost base and an integrated cost base in several factories now that we have merged with industrial. So this is very positive for us in terms of just what we’re seeing with volume and leverage the Trane commercial business. So I would tell you that I’m still very optimistic about it. It’s been a long haul. We had to add a tremendous amount of resources and talent into the company. And when it all works like it has and quarter two and quarter three we get the numbers that we’re entitled to get.
Michael W. Lamach: Kind of the answer was in the previous question. There’s really two parts to the revenue change in Q4. One is, a little over $90 million associated with volume that we’re taking out in China, Europe; it’s pretty high margins and also the capacity cost associated with that. But coming back the other way is a favorable change associated with foreign exchange because the euro primarily is kind of recovered here recently. So that’s adding $50 million of revenue back with very, very little OI. So the leverage on the reduction in guidance looks pretty high as a result of that.
Michael W. Lamach: Well there’s two components there frankly, one is just FX and the second is there’s been a several businesses where we’ve just decided, we made the decision to take on the incremental inventory here in the fourth quarter, a example I used was the res business around the furnace season again just to make sure that we got what we need. Even around coil production coming into the early part of next year, we’ll do some coil production even in the fourth quarter related to next year’s season, just to smooth and linearize capacity that we have available to use we think is a better way to do that in the next year. And also in the TK business, you’ve got the changeover happening and so it’s a good time for us at least to have just in excess diesel engines on hand and you put that all together and $100 million was mostly designed and that’s being the other part of it. And to kind of clarify a little bit on the TK Andy the [agg] folks have reduced their estimate of the number of trailing units in the market again recently. And it was mainly because they took out the assumption that there was going to be a free buy of refrigerated units because of this changeover to the Tier 4 classification. So it’s shifting a little bit of the demand into 2013 that we would expect it to see in the fourth quarter of ’12 but that’s why we picked up a little bit of inventory there.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah Julian, on the 2013 view, we’re in the process of putting our plans together. And similar to last year, we will do some scenario planning around different possibilities for the major lines of business and regions and so I don’t know the answer of that question at this point in time. I can’t tell you that we will continue to invest in the applied HVAC portfolio. So most of what we’ve been doing has been in the unitary HVAC portfolio for commercial will go to the applied side. And then on the industrial side, we will continue to invest there, but probably be able to hold that relatively flat going into next year. But we will have to come back and talk to you about that in another quarter and give you a full update on that at this point in time. I think what we’re doing is working within that we can launch at higher margins, it’s contributing through the margin growth inside the Company. We have gained share wherever we’ve done that, so the formula seems to work for us. And maybe a little bit to Andrew's question as well as what you’re asking, just really steady margin expansion over time, doing it in a sustainable way with product development and implementation of Lean across the Company, right. If there are faster ways to do that, I wouldn’t want to do that through cutting investments or to do something silly with regard to not really putting that permanent operational capability into the Company and that would just be a long-term mistake for us.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I mean, I think you’ve got to hold the acquisition story up to the mirror of share repurchase. And I think the acid test is share repurchase and right now we just haven’t thought of better investment than our own Company. You still see fairly pricey, very pricey electronics security sort of targets out there and that’s not on the cards for us. Now organically again it gets back into the investment question, a large part – I’d say all of the investment going on in security has been around electronic security platforms and they’ve got a very good capability sitting in that organization around the ability to develop product in that area. So, I don’t feel like we’re compelled to do that and we certainly wouldn’t be compelled to do that favoring that over repurchasing our own shares here at the multiples we’re seeing for some of these opportunities.
Michael W. Lamach: We spent about $20 million more in restructuring in 2012 and 2011 Jamie. So it’s been a pretty steady state restructuring program for the last 3, 3.5 years.
Michael W. Lamach: For now, yes, we will come back and give you definitive guidance in the quarter. But for now I think it’s a good assumption.
Michael W. Lamach: About 40% today, Jamie. I think we will move that over next few years something closer to 50%, that’s our design in that business. And there we’re looking at order rates for services that really kind of get into sort of the mid double-digit even at times high – I am sorry mid-single digits even high single digits order rates for service. So, we like the contribution margin service, we like the growth rates and obviously we’re trying to move the mix up closer to 50% in the industrial business.
Steven R. Shawley: Well our outlook for TK for the full-year is flat, slight down in total. So North America will be up mid-single digits, Europe excluding marine down in mid-teens and marine down over 20%. So I think the math works out Nigel for it.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah, it’s in the applied business and we’re seeing really strong bookings throughout the year and then fourth quarter in the Middle East that continues to board well. A combination of new product introductions I think helping to support that. And we’re seeing actually a little bit better performance in Southern Europe than we would have thought coming end of the year. So, actually the weakest part relative to our own forecast would have been Northern Europe particularly Germany. But the Middle East and India are really a strength for us.
Steven R. Shawley: Jeff, the starting point would be to say that, the new product launches that we’ve had last couple of years they continue to bear fruit. We’ve got an excellent oil free product out in the marketplace gaining share. We’ve gone through systematically and had gone through all, but a couple of the larger frame centrifugal machines that are out there. Lead times have continued to be cut half through the lean work going on inside the Company. I’ve used as an example on a couple of previous quarterly calls where it’s an example where the lean work starts with working capital improvement, it goes into margin improvement, it goes into share gain and I think all that really is coming to bear. The other thing is the largest investment that we’ve made this year in that business has been really a move towards the service side of the house and in putting in place incremental resources that to move towards similar to the HVAC story of service retrofit based on efficiency fare and so that’s been successful to-date is just growing the service business at a higher rate than the equipment business actually in both HVAC and in the air side of the business.
Steven R. Shawley: I’d say share gain and shift to sort of the service businesses and shift to the markets that are growing frankly, shift to focusing on the pockets of growth for us.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah we intend to talk to the Board in December and really lay that out for you for 2013 Jeff, but as we said last time we’re trying to go back and take a meaningful step in the dividend and to go back and reauthorize the share repurchase going forward; so we’ll be able to size that up for you in December.
Steven R. Shawley: It was a success. The season is largely over if you think about it from a cooling standpoint moving into the heating season here. I think we’re in great shape really with regard to the furnace platform the work we’ve been doing there to get all price points including highest efficiency, 95% efficiency, furnace is ready for the market. So it was a success and I think we’ll build on it next year. We’ll expand our capacity there and expand distribution and continue to make sure that we’ve gotten a best product at that point in a product range.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah generally Deane I’d say it even splits a little finer than that. Applied yes and unitary, I was just talking about larger unitary so particularly on 25 tons and maybe even 50 tons and larger. It starts to really almost look like an engineered system itself with controls packages that go along with that. So I think with that regard it’s much more of a applied sale than it would be for the smaller unitary up through 25 tons maybe up through 50 tons. And what you saw on the first couple of quarters of the year was that like unitary and smaller unitary markets really growing, there was a bit of a commercial surge with commercial office buildings at that point in time and especially we participated in that with a very high share.
Steven R. Shawley: No I’d just reiterate the comment about SG&A. I think the opportunity we have in ’13 is to really focus there, pull up the targets we have for reducing the G&A piece or cost structure.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah. If you look at North America, we got to blend it with service here. My guess would be its relatively flat and you’re seeing exactly what you think you’d see in Asia Pacific which is more or less a down for us there. Europe about as expected a little bit less than expected.
Steven R. Shawley: Well on the res side I think there, there probably is. On the commercial side you’re really dealing now with two or three major players that have got large shares in the market place, so it’s more difficult there. Our chiller shares are up with 40%, so as an example and if you go to number two it’s probably 30%, number three is probably 20%. So there’s not a lot there to be split and if you see consolidation there it’s going to be fairly small players and frankly I would say the competitive base doesn’t need distribution on the commercial side generally speaking, and so anything you’d see there would be a small distribution network perhaps. But on the res, yes there’s a lot of fragmentation of small suppliers out there where it has been really a cost play, it really wouldn’t be a distribution play. It would be a cost play.
Steven R. Shawley: Well the danger there is because that goes through, in our case multiple channels and so it’s really effective for us because we manufacture all the light commercial in our commercial factories and we actually have equal share between our res channel and our commercial channel which is – we double up on that and we get something north of 30% share in light commercial because of that. So there’s some anomalies there when you think about the channels to market which, you’re really are able to manage those two channels with not a high degree of tension and overlap in the marketplace I would say a fair amount of but appropriate channel tension. So you have to be careful that you consider that as well.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah. And I am saying, yeah you probably could see some more of that but it really runs through the same channel that you sell applied for half of the share.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah Josh I mean we’re still holding to, we’ll see a couple of 100 points of margin expansion in the res business this year, so that kind of holds just the way it did before. And you’re correct on the bookings, that’s probably the one bookings number I don’t pay a lot of attention to because it fundamentally comes down to, it’s sort of like a week’s worth of bookings versus a week’s worth of bookings the prior quarter and so you don’t really get a sense for anything there particularly with cycle times being much, much shorter than they were. Generally when we think about the full-year in the res HVAC business for the industry, it’s probably going to be relatively flat, that’s what the industry data really shows and we’re thinking we’re going to be kind of mid-single digits of course based on share gains that we talked about. Now going into the fourth quarter we would have a similar view there. In fact you have seen almost every month of every quarter work in a pretty severe saw tooth. A great example was third quarter you saw a great July, ho hum August and a pretty poor September for the industry and that’s been the pattern we have seen all year long. I would think the pattern would persist going into the heating season. The difference we have, the thinking we have put into the sort of heating season here, is we have taken on more inventory, more component inventory than we normally would and what would be sort of be on their forecast that we’re giving you. So any event there was anomaly weather related or other, we’ll have the capability of building to that demand forecast for sure. But we’re really not just spanking on it based on what we’ve seen here today.
Steven R. Shawley: Actually Josh, it has really taken out $92 million at the mid-point of volume. Taking it out of the most profitable business we have which is actually Asia and China for both the Air and the Climate business, which are most profitable businesses. We are also taking it out of the TK business in Europe, again which is a very profitable business for us. So, it's really mask that we've got the FX going one way, you know kind of a $50 million plus pickup on FX, volume coming down $92 million at the mid-point, but at very high margin sort of with those businesses coming down.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah, Andrew but if you just think about EPS basis you add $0.04 back for outbox and drop to nearly $0.13 on the volume that we’re talking about and you get the $0.09 differential.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah Andy we have had I would say a very aggressive capability building program in place for two and a half years in terms of what we have done with bringing the talent into the company and development talent within the company to really do what we’re doing. So transformation to become a top performing diversified industrial don’t happen overnight clearly and we have been at it for 2.5 years. Most that get into the business would argue that that there’s a lot of change going on and frankly how do you guys manage all the change going on inside the business between systems implementation, organizational changes, implementation of lean across the company while maintaining a very high level of investment in innovation around the product portfolio. So I feel good about the pace of change. I feel good about the fact that year-over-year, over year we’ve had margin expansion with relatively, in this case flat market. So, and we have been able to really consume so the restructuring is embedded in what we’re giving you. So this is not some sort of a zero restructuring story here, this is embedded in what we’re doing and embedded in the margin. So we feel good about that. Now with regard to Nelson being on the Board, Nelson is on the Board now and Nelson is part of the discussions around the Company and so there is no update as to where we are other than to say that the release we had on August was heading toward sort of a December information with regard to what decisions we would make around the Company and those are progressing on plan and on track, no new news there.
Steven R. Shawley: We talked about restructuring on the last call. We have restructuring front-end loaded, so we will spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $40 million in the first half of the year and that ramps down to about $10 million in the second half of the year. So there is a – and that’s helping also – remember the conversation in last couple of quarters, we’re seeing the productivity show up in the second half associated with those spendings that went on in the first half. So, we’re kind of right on cue there with that program.
