Mike Lamach: Great, thank you, Joe, good morning and thanks for joining us. In the first quarter, our adjusted earnings per share was $0.38, an increase of 31% versus last year's quarter. We closed two acquisitions in the quarter, the acquisition of Cameron’s Centrifugal Compression division closed on January 1, so results were included for the entire quarter. We also closed the acquisition of FRIGOBLOCK in early March, so that has a very minimal impact to quarter given that less than one month of results were reported. Both integrations are going very well, Cameron compressor achieved our forecast for bookings, revenue and operating income. We are seeing some early traction on cross-selling and synergies and we expect continued progress for the balance of 2015. Currency had a significant impact throughout the results, so in our comments today, we will mainly focus on organic growth, which excludes currency and acquisitions, but you can get a better view of end market trends. In the first quarter, we saw solid organic revenue growth of 8%, let by strength in the US, and Europe, particularly in the Climate Segment. Order rates remain healthy in the first quarter at 5%, excluding currency and acquisitions. Adjusted operating margins increased 40 basis points and increased 100 basis points, excluding the impact of currency and bringing Cameron results into our financial statements for the first time. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.07 above our adjusted EPS guidance, mid-point of $0.31. The improvement primarily came from higher than expected volumes, mainly in North America and good cost control and execution to our plans. Foreign exchange translation negatively impacted the quarter by about $0.01 compared with guidance. However, this was more than offset by FX gains recorded in other income. Now, Sue will walk you through the first quarter in more detail and then I'll come back to take you through our outlook.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, we had positive price in the quarter. We had a little bit of carryover, material inflation, just due to some of the assemblies that we’re working on, but essentially the price would come into the Asian market, particularly China, a bit into Latin America, which really in the last quarter or two, those markets have struggled and we’ve got some local competitors I think with some capacity to utilize and so, that’s been a bit more pressure there. We also had bit of a rebate timing from Q4 to Q1 and if you sort of add that back to Q1 and normalize it, we were pretty close to being flat, which -- it is 20 basis points less than what we had hoped for, but it was fairly flat.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, we’re challenging ourselves to do that. That’s probably one of the challenge points in the forecast, but our plans, the road maps we’re building, the countermeasures that we got to realize price would have us doing about 20 bps, 30 bps in material inflation gap.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, I mean, the optimism in the quarter was the strong growth, but as you pointed out, it’s seasonally such an insignificant quarter to the full year for us that we typically go back and fine-tune in July and we’ll do that again this year, but your question and Nigel’s earlier question where we might see potentially some upside to volume, mix was not particularly favorable in the quarter for us. Currency is still quite a bit of headwind if you look at the euro at $1.08 and currencies where we are today, it’s about $0.11 of headwind, we offset about $0.07 in the first quarter, but we’ve got more room to work for the balance of the year and then again the pricing question, we’ve got more aggressive view on pricing for the balance of the year. So, you net it all out, I think it nets out to a balanced view on guidance, but specifically on your question, if we were to see stronger markets and by July, we would probably make a little higher call there at that point in time.
Mike Lamach: Club Car did a great job too, doing what we expected against a very easy comp from last year, but Club Car did a nice job in the quarter.
Mike Lamach: Deane, on where we sit with 13 SEER just for competitive reasons, we’re not going to talk much about that. We really don’t want to discuss our position at this point in time. The main thing we’re trying to do is, we saw across the business a lot of order volatility starting last summer and I commented on that in the third and fourth quarter and frankly, that volatility was broader than even the min/max requirements we would have for stocking key components and so, rather than trying to guess the volatility of the markets, we will expand it those min/max’s for key material for components and assemblies, particularly in high margin businesses, where cycle times were very short and there was some discretionary opportunities with customers that wanted to buy what was on hand. And so, we took that up and I think that’s an important point because we’re looking at fulfillment rate and cycle times to be balanced with inventory levels and the net of that really is strong growth in the quarter and improved customer delivery rate. So, I’m not sure where working capital will really end for us exactly, but frankly, if we can continue to get strong growth rate fulfillment, it’s an inexpensive investment in terms of the EPS growth for the company. Europe just continues in the HVAC business, but I would also say, across all the businesses to perform very well. The standout was the HVAC business, as it has been for probably more than a year now. And it’s the combination I think of -- just the winning combination is having right management team on the ground, a lot of new products hitting the markets at the right time and combination of that really coming together with some great results. I think they were probably north of 20% before currency in that business.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, it is interesting, Dodge is calling for 11% increase in institutional, so that’s still 25% off its peak and we’ve contended that you are more likely to see an extended sort of mid-single digit institutional recovery perhaps over two or three years.  Education is probably a little better than 5%. Healthcare is looking at probably a little less than 5%, those are two important markets for us. I commented that, we needed to see some education orders moving to the pipeline. We are seeing that, so that’s a positive and we would expect healthcare, which typically are going to be a bit more complicated, a bit more applied work going in there, applied engineering and applied product going in there probably late this year, early next year. So that’s shaping up. We are seeing strong still commercial and manufacturing construction going on. That vertical as it relates to HVAC, I am talking about industrial buildings being built, the commercial buildings being built continues to be strong, but we’ve had great success with light commercial. That is the product growth team for us, they’ve done an excellent job. Sue commented that we’ve seen double digit growth year-over-year there. So, we are very pleased with what’s happening across that business.
Mike Lamach: I think that mid-single-digit view is a good view. Again, I think that you will see education maybe a bit north of 5%, healthcare a bit less than 5%. We will still have a good unitary business for office and manufacturing. So really sticking to that kind of mid-single-digit and to your early point that things continue to shape up, maybe it’s to the high end of that range and we will come back and adjust in July.
Mike Lamach: In general, for the company I would start, you would look sort of all-in reported about 25 and if you take out acquisitions, you are probably closer to 30 to gross margins in the company. Climate, we do about the same. Interestingly, when you see translation in our company, obviously it’s going to impact businesses like industrial that have higher exposure to foreign currencies, which is the higher margin business in our climate business, you also find in there that TK is one of the most global businesses we have and so obviously the operating leverage, the deleverage on currency there is higher coming back in. So it’s obviously more difficult to offset translation per se, so we have to drive harder with productivity to be able to do that. And that’s the roadmap that we are building. And so a lot of companies I know have taken down guidance as a result of currency. I thought, A, it was too early in the year for us to do that, and B, we’ve had good success with productivities and good volume in the quarter and feel like the leverage should support staying with the range that we’ve got at this point.
Mike Lamach: Well, the overall market is down, so it’s not actually any sort of a share issue and it’s somewhat choppy and we’ve seen this before in China in terms of the choppiness and the shortness of the cycles that we’ve had years of two quarters down, two quarters up, net up. And I think that you are looking at that here. The pipeline there would support back half of the year which is stronger than the front half of the year. So even for the second quarter, we are likely to see sort of flat for the overall company down in terms of bookings, but for climate I would expect to see an uptick in Q2, potentially high single digits or maybe even better if bookings – timing – bookings comes in as we would expect. Then for the full year we should have I think pretty strong growth there in HVAC.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, I don’t think we’ve seen the order growth rates were coming back in Europe, although I think there is more optimism in general in Europe and if you take currency out, obviously just look at the market for itself, is more sort of optimism around Europe, but we didn’t really see that in the first quarter. The growth we had in TK there was largely North American truck and trailer, but across the world, we would have seen great container growth. Again, we saw APUs with really strong growth, something near 50% in that regard. Also air, rail and bus combined were up as well, David. So those businesses are becoming more significant. It’s a total part of the mix at PK. North America is performing about where we thought it would be. Europe hasn’t quite recovered, but we think we will a bit towards the end of year on a constant currency basis, and we expect the ancillary products around rail, bus and APUs and containers to continue to have good run. Overall, kind of a mid-single-digit view.
Mike Lamach: We’ve got a pretty good view of ‘15, we are slightly less than act of [ph] looking at 43,000 units I think in the last forecast and we would be something a bit less than that at this point in time. So where X calling for, say, 10%, we are calling for kind of more of a muted mid-single-digit growth rate there. Again if there was some optimism, if we chose to view that, hopefully act is right. Again, this is where we’ve got inventory in place in case it is right. That typically could be some longer lead items on diesel engines and that’s one of the positions we said could be a stronger backlog of components and inventory there.
Mike Lamach: Well, If you go back to the first quarter guidance, we are probably just maybe a point or two better in terms of operating leverage than we had guided, so we are pretty close on that, it’s got there a little bit differently that – it’s factored little bit weaker price, little inflation, little stronger productivity, little better volume, little worse mix, but bottom line, it was a solid execution to get to the leverage that we have planned.  When you look at getting that 25% reported op leverage or 30% ex-acquisition op leverage, it would imply a better back half than front half and I think we are at this point all of the productivity pipeline, all the plans we have, price realization are in place, so it’s a matter of executing on that, but again our forecast would be 25% reported, 30% ex-acquisitions on leverage for the full year.
Mike Lamach: I think we are getting great lift-off on the product growth teams we have put in place and again, I couldn’t be more happy with the efforts of that entire team, which is a very broad team of product management engineers, operational people and selling organization doing a fantastic job with that. So I am more pleased with the execution of product growth team than I would be to call anything more than what I have, which is a decent institutional market, which believe me, we are delighted to see after years of negative, it will be a positive.  And I think that the commercial and industrial building and retrofit markets have some lives left as well too, but again, we are all in all – even dodge would say, we are 25% off the peak, so we have got a long way to go.
Mike Lamach: We have taken the philosophy to – across all of our businesses to look for the best opportunities. And so, I think the filtering that we do and the balancing that we do would be at the corporate level, but as it stands right now, we have really got all of our businesses looking for the right tuck-in opportunities at markets we know well, either channels that we can use to exploit the new products and services or the other way around, we have got products that we need to channel for. And so those are the typical acquisitions we are looking for.  Obviously, we are trying to balance toward 15% overall operating margin target for the company, so that pushes us to looking for good businesses where the synergies are clear and that’s a tough threshold obviously to look out there for us. But look, it’s competitive out there in terms of acquisitions still today, a lot of these pipelines take a long time to develop, a lot of these are based on historical relationships, relationships we are building with companies that we would have an interest in. In some cases, they maybe partners suffice to us in other areas. So it’s across the board, Shannon, and I wouldn’t highlight or isolate one particular interesting business for you.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, cooper and steel are moving in the right direction, Steve, we buy a lot more component and assemblies. That is two-fold. One is, in some cases you are paying more for overall general wage inflation or freight inflation and some of those commodity, that’s not always just a material commodity decrease as a part of the assembly.  But we are working with suppliers to make sure we are getting our fair share of that back, and where that’s not happening, we will clearly resource that to a supplier with the better price points and that will take some time as well. So I think we are on top it. We do see a sort of a flattish to down overall inflationary environment in certainly steel and copper and zinc. Our factors that are positive in that as well as freight for that matter.
Mike Lamach: Well, climate grew specifically in HVAC much -- sort of it was the largest contributor to the overall absolute in the company and it was largely equipment. It has a long service tail on that and that takes a while to materialize over time. So look, when you are mixing higher climate versus industrial and higher HVAC versus TK, it’s a bit of a challenge into the mix, that’s really the sum of it.
Mike Lamach: I mean, we had great performance in the quarter revenue, great performance in terms of orders, applied, the books are filling out through the fall, education, little less applied, health care a little bit more applied, so it’s more of a move up there.  Unitary continued strong, Steve that I don’t think is going to slow down much for the year. So yeah, we are optimistic in kind of a mid-single digits growth rate. Dodge has been optimistic for a long time and so we have generally used our own pipeline and triangulation of all the data that we have and have had a fairly accurate estimate over the last say four, five years around that I don’t see any reason to change from that. With that being said, look if there is some sort of a boom we’re missing here, once again, it’s this sort of component inventory, particularly on the applied side that we are going to make sure that we are not cutting ourselves too thin in terms of inventory. We have plenty of capacity, that’s not an issue for us at all on the capacity front.
Mike Lamach: It’s so close to flat, that I couldn’t call it either way frankly, but it’s certainly not going to be to my mind, much of a headwind, if any headwind at this point time the things continue as they are continuing, it would be a slight tailwind for us. 
Mike Lamach: That’s also part of why pricing probably isn’t as strong too, again, it’s about this gap between price and some of the commodities, which drive some of the pricing in the market place. 
Mike Lamach: Yeah, European revenues were actually up high-single digits organically and if you take FX against that, obviously you get a story, which –
Mike Lamach: The market analytics and the segmentation we’re doing around some of the customer segments has been really critical, both in understanding about what we will grow and why, what competitors are doing or likely to do, scenario of planning around that, economic value estimation of the products we’re launching and make sure valuing sort of products versus looking at it on a cost plus basis, all that really consummating and having an operations team and engineering team and a product management team having the same goals and objectives. This is an example. If a plant manager is looking to maximize the inventory turns and a product manager is looking to maximize product availability, they are obviously in conflict when these people all agree on what it is as being the number one and number two things to grow market share and margins, great things happen.  We have got those teams totally aligned on how to grow margin and how to grow market share and if you talk to anybody on that team, sort what stripe they wear from ops, engineering, sales or product management, they are going to give you the same exact answer. And that’s where the investments are going and they are not going anywhere else, and this is why we got three, four times growth in the overall portfolio last year, this is why I am excited about doubling that this year, and ultimately that’s why I am excited about next say, five years, because we will build this thing out all the way. People are having a great time doing this, they feel like they are winning and we are going to keep going as fast as we can.
Sue Carter: Well, I think it goes back to Mark when I talked about -- when I talked about the segment is that, if you save a higher impact from currency, right, so, if you take that out, that’s a piece of it and then if you take out the Cameron acquisition that it’s in its early days and it’s got all that purchase accounting, the business for the segment itself actually had positive price versus direct material inflation. They actually had productivity that offset inflation and so, they actually had a very nice quarter in terms of operational performance that underlie the basics of that. So -- and also investments were in line with the revenue percentage in the first quarter of 2015. So, you take out some of that noise that we talked about, they actually leveraged very, very well for the quarter.
Sue Carter: Right. So, Jeff, when we think about what goes into the other income and expense and the favorability that you see in Q1, that whole line is going to be a couple of different items, one of which is the foreign exchange that I will get to. What’s also in there is earnings from some of our equity affiliates, some interest income and as you might expect the other cats and dogs on the P&L, but don’t fit into another line item. In general, that line item is going to be somewhere between $2 million and $6 million favorable. And if you think about looking back to the fourth quarter, it was actually $6 million favorable. So you’ve got the $10 million in the first quarter, not unheard of, but the big drivers for the first quarter, to answer your question, were better earnings out of our equity affiliates. And then also the foreign exchange gains and losses outside of the Venezuelan currency devaluation.  Now what happens with the foreign exchange gains and losses is the only thing that we do cash flow hedging on is of balance sheet position and things that are known to us. So when we put those hedges on, if the dollar is strengthening when you close down those positions, you get a gain and that’s part of what we saw in the first quarter. It doesn’t mean then it’s repeatable because as you role those hedges, you are resetting the rates. And if you look at Q1, this is the biggest change quarter-over-quarter in terms of foreign exchange rates, particularly on the euro that would have been on average for $1.33 last year and $1.09 this year. So again, some nice gains that are in there from a transactional point of view and we try – there isn’t a direct percentage that I would say is hedged, but we are looking at things with intercompany loans and things that are known that don’t have a lot of volatility and risk for those. And that’s just a routine for us that we are putting cash flow hedges out for that.
Sue Carter: And the other part of that, Robert, is going to be that the direct material inflation. So we talked about we’ve got some inflation in the first quarter and a bit in the second quarter some of that tier 2 carry over in the back half of the year. We see that that levels out and we are not getting material inflation, so that also helps the leverage in the back half of the year for actually both of the segments.
Sue Carter: No, I think that as we look at it, Julian, our projections would say that we are going to continue to grow and the second quarter will be stronger than the first. So I don’t want to – not allow for any breakage, but I think we will start to see things get close to that range in the second quarter for industrial. And when we think about what’s happening there, they are still going to have the big FX impacts, they are still going to have the Cameron step up, but there is productivity in the additional volume that is going to help them. So the short answer to your question is, yes, we should get close to that in the second quarter.
Sue Carter: So let me try to walk you through the business and the different markets that they are participating. As we told you, they met our revenue and operating income expectation for the first quarter and we are on track with generating the synergies and doing the things that we are planning to integrate the business. So everything is going along as we would expect with the business at this point in time. If I divide and go into the individual markets for them, process gas, again a piece that does have some exposure on the oil and gas side, we are actually seeing some strength in the business with natural gas and with LNG. There is some project delays that are happening in perhaps the Middle East side, Petrochem is holding up as well as power generation in some of the pieces. So all in all, process gas is holding up well. Plant air, we are seeing good activity there with business and the book and turn activity was good in the first quarter. Engineered air which is a piece that is exposed to air separation and some of those markets, it’s showing a little bit of a pull back. And that’s really more of an across the industry type of pull back, particularly in Asia where there was a lot of building and lot of overcapacity in air separation. And on the aftermarket side, the aftermarket is stable for us, but we, of course, have plans to grow that as we talked about when we did the acquisition. So all in all, we are seeing what we expected to see out of the businesses, the markets haven’t really let us down in any big way, and again our exposures being more on the gas side than the oil side of this are keeping us on track with what plan was for the business.
Sue Carter: So, let me take the share buyback, because that’s probably easier than LIFO, but I will come back to LIFO. We had the $1.5 billion authorization in 2014 and as of the end of the year, we had utilized about half of that. So given the minimum of $250 million that we had set for 2015, that still will carry us through the year, so no problems on the share buyback authorization.  On the LIFO side with prices going down, and volumes, there was no impact as I looked at the financials really in the first quarter from LIFO and I woudn’t expect that to change as we go through the latter part of the year, Steve.
Sue Carter: Yeah, the low-single digit with currency. Operator Thank you. And our last question comes from Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
