Vik Kini: Thanks, Vicente. On Slide 10, despite the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, we delivered solid results in Q1 through a balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by IRX. Total company organic orders and revenue increased 8% and 20% year-over-year respectively. Book-to-bill was 1.09 and we remain encouraged by the strength of our backlog, which is up approximately 15% year-over-year and up approximately 10% sequentially. This provides a healthy backlog as we move into Q2 2023 and gives us conviction delivering on our revised 2023 revenue guidance. The company delivered first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $400 million, a 32% year-over-year improvement and adjusted EBITDA margins of 24.6%, 190 basis points year-over-year improvement. For the quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share was up 33% versus the prior year. This includes a $0.05 headwind from increased interest expense. Free cash flow for the quarter was $148 million despite ongoing headwinds from inventory due to the need to support backlog as well as continued global supply chain challenges. Even with these headwinds, free cash flow was up more than 350% versus prior year. Total liquidity of $2.2 billion at quarter end was down approximately $500 million sequentially, and our net leverage continues to remain near all-time lows. At 1.1 turns, we are 0.1 turns better than the prior year and 0.3 turns above prior quarter. The sequential decline in total liquidity and increase in net leverage are largely driven by the timing of the SPX Flow Air Treatment acquisition, which closed in early January. Turning to Slide 11. For the total company Q1 orders grew 13% and revenue increased 26%, both on an FX adjusted basis. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 32% from the prior year. The ITS segment margin increased 240 basis points while the PST segment margin improved 170 basis points. Notably, both segments remained price/cost, dollar, and margin positive, which speaks to the nimble actions of our teams despite persistent inflationary headwinds. Corporate costs came in at $40 million for the quarter driven by continued investments as well as the impact of incentive compensation adjustments. Finally, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was up 33% to $0.65 per share, and the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.1%. Moving on to the next slide. I want to highlight that our credit rating was recently upgraded to an investment grade rating by S&P. This is a major milestone for the company and we remain focused on becoming investment grade across all of our rating agencies. Free cash flow for the quarter was $148 million, including CapEx, which totaled $22 million. And as of March 31, 2023, total company liquidity was $2.2 billion based on approximately $1.1 billion of cash and $1.1 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. It is important to note that in April, we amended and extended our existing revolving credit facility, including upsizing the overall borrowing capacity of the facility from $1.1 billion to $2 billion. This amended credit facility not only strengthens our balance sheet, but also supports the company's growth strategy by adding additional flexibility for M&A. The increase also speaks to the credibility we have in the financial markets as this was purely an increase in borrowing capacity with all the same favorable covenants and structure from the original $1.1 billion facility. Leverage for the quarter was 1.1 turns, which was an 0.1 turn improvement year-over-year, and cash outflows for the quarter included $566 million deployed to M&A, and we returned $85 million to shareholders through $77 million in share repurchases and $8 million in dividends. As mentioned earlier, approximately $520 million of the M&A-related cash outflows were attributed to the SPX Flow Air Treatment business, which closed in early January. M&A remains our top priority for our capital allocation and we continue to expect M&A to be our primary usage of cash looking forward. I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segments.
Vik Kini: Yes. And Mike, to your first question in terms of phasing and the segment implications as Vicente indicated, we're expecting that whether you look from a total company perspective at adjusted EBITDA or adjusted earnings per share using about a 45%, 55% first half or second half split is generally in line. And I would say the segments should follow a fairly close split to that. The same should be said for corporate, which the corporate spend obviously is pretty ratable over the year in line with our revised guidance. So I wouldn't say that there's dramatic changes in the context of the segments versus the total company. And then as we've indicated before, and I think is still the case, we're continuing to remain prudent in terms of the back half of the year, particularly on the organic volume side of the equation. Just given that, you still don't necessarily have full visibility into the back half of the year.
Vik Kini: Yes. Julian, on the cadence generally speaking, I would say we expect again, I'll refer back to the 45%, 55% split, as Vicente indicated, we do see potential of some revenues shifting from Q2 into the back half of the year as Vicente earlier indicated. But generally speaking here, the way we would think about it is, with the guidance array of the strong Q1 performance and still seeing 35% to 40% incrementals, we do still expect to see margin expansion on a year-over-year basis in each quarter and obviously the second half of the year will as it typically is continue to be the strongest performance both on the revenue side as well as the margin profile.
Vik Kini: Yes, Joe, I'll start with that. I think obviously when you look at the revised guidance now at the mid-point the 7% organic guide versus our previous guides, which is about 4% at the mid-point, 300 basis points of improvement. And I think the way you could think about it in just broad strokes is about two-thirds of that is driven by the Q1 beat with the other third really coming in the back half of the year. So the answer is yes. We are actually seeing slightly better second half growth than our original guidance would've implied. And as Vicente indicated in his opening comments, we're still seeing a split of approximately 70%, 30% price versus volume. And I think we would also say that at this point in time, we're still continuing to take a prudent view on volume in the back half of the year. Still continues to probably be the biggest source of potential upside. Backlogs are still strong, but like I said before still don't necessarily have full visibility after the back half of the year. So we're going to continue to execute. And if that continues to be a source of upside that's something that we'll execute to.
Vik Kini: Yes, Nicole, it's a great question. I think the answer is, first of all, your commentary on Q1 quite accurate. We do expect to be price/cost positive and margin accretive for the balance of the year. It is worth noting here that obviously the pricing levels in the first quarter quite strong. Remember we did take a number of our pricing actions in 2022 in that first quarter timeframe. So now as those start to anniversary, the price realization as we move into 2Q in the back half the year obviously does step down. But our expectation would be that, so does the inflationary levels as we're now comping that. So they actually kind of move somewhat in tandem. And that actually speaks obviously to the fact that we took those actions really either in advance or in concert when we saw those inflationary levels rising in the first place. So I think the answer to your question here is we would expect to continue to see good price/cost delivery, and the requisite margin expansion with it as we move to the balance of the year.
Vik Kini: Yes, Nigel, I'll answer that. In the context of your second part of your question, were there any pull-ins into 1Q or any of that nature? The answer is no. I think the way you described it is very accurate. We mentioned that we're being prudent in terms of the phasing as a result of the cyber incident. And then as such, I think the way you're thinking about it and even how you've kind of thought about the EBITDA levels is fairly appropriate. So I wouldn't read into it any more than that.
Vik Kini: Yes. I think the way to think about it is fairly simple. First of all, I think your reading to Q1 is quite accurate. I'd say a couple things. One, remember our -- the comps as we move to the year, they do get more challenging, right? That's just the reality of kind of last year and the math and the comps. The other thing I would say and I'll go back to kind of what we said before, particularly in the second half of the year one, we have taken the organic guidance up. So obviously, we are seeing slightly better organic growth in the back half of the year than our original guidance would -- would've implied, which obviously speaks to kind of Q1 dynamics as well as backlog levels. But I do think that there's just a matter of continuing to be prudent in terms of back half expectations. And we would tell you right now that that organic volume growth in the back half of the year is probably the era we're being the most prudent on. So Chris, I wouldn't -- again, that, that's kind of my view in terms of -- in our view, in terms of how the organic volume side of the equation's playing itself out.
Vik Kini: Yes. We said it was largely when we had done that acquisition largely in line with kind of ITS segment margin. So it's fairly close in line with the overall ITS segment margins. And as Vicente said, we have good funnel and strong runway ahead of us in terms of good margin expansion opportunities. I would also say, now that we're at one quarter in from the acquisition here first quarter execution the team did a fantastic job and integration continues to move very nicely. So we're quite pleased with how things are trending.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Hey, Mike, let me take a -- I'll take the first -- sorry, the second portion around the underlying demand and then Vik will talk about the cadence as you were asking. I mean demand continues to be pretty healthy. And we expect you saw a book-to-bill above 1 here in the first quarter, which speaks to the resiliency of what we're seeing out there in the market, on kind of both book-and-turn as well as long cycle orders. And our expectation is that here for the rest of the year, we're going to continue to end with a book-to-bill of 1, which obviously assumes that the backlog continues to be pretty strong here through the rest of the year.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Sure, Mike. I think the good news is that here in the first quarter, we actually saw good resiliency on both kind of the short cycle and the long cycle, which was very good news to us to see that continue momentum on both, which is also the reason why on that shorter cycle why we were able to even out deliver some of the price, right? So in terms of long cycle, we think that the tailwinds of sustainability on ensuring all of that continues to be really front and center. And at least our expectation is that even things like IRA, the Inflation Reduction Act, all that funding still has to come through. We're seeing some early indications funnels look very strong. You saw also a lot of communication activity around carbon capture. So at least on the long cycle side, we think that there should be more to come from that perspective while the short cycle seems to be at least in our case and in our business fairly healthy.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Maybe Brandon on the orders, as we said, I mean, I think good momentum, good strength on both kind of the short cycle and the long cycle. If I get your question correctly, I think you were asking about maybe how much was price versus volume.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So I think in the first quarter, price and volume is roughly 50:50. As we go into the second -- into the rest of the year, we think it's going to be more like 70:30. And so that kind of give you an indication of kind of how we're thinking about price volume here. In terms of your second question about LNG, hydrogen, are we seeing -- I mean we're seeing definitely some clearly the -- on the long cycle, I'll say maybe more continuation what we see the most is on air separation systems and large call it carbon capture activity. So I think a lot of good momentum on these kind of good sustainability tailwinds that we have been speaking about for now the past few quarters. And so again funnel continues to be pretty strong and -- but like I said on the prior answer, I don't think that we have seen the full scope of a lot of these IRA or other green deal funds come through fruition yet. So that hopefully will give us a good indicator of that more -- a little bit more tailwind here to come.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Rob, I hate to say this, but I mean it's pretty much really broad-base and I think it has to do for a couple reasons. I mean, clearly you mentioned oil-free, oil-free strong order rate at roughly as we said, 28%. So clearly very, very strong order and on a revenue perspective, even way above that. But demand generation, as we clearly indicated on that slide, I mean we do hundreds of demand generation campaigns and activities through -- throughout a single quarter. And you saw some example of some of the things that we have done in the first quarter with kind of six examples, six out of the hundreds that we do. So that tells you that in our view, we continue to be solid momentum on MQLs, the Marketing Qualified Leads that then lead into some of these order momentum. As it relates to large projects, I mean, clearly, renewable natural gas, which is very continues to be a really great sustainable way here in the U.S. particularly carbon capture. We spoke about that on the prior earnings to as well with a large order that we received on the last time, on the last earnings call, but now even this time, how we're even capturing some of these kind of new technologies or new partners to continue accelerating carbon capture technology. So it was really a little bit of everything, strong book-and-turn as well, and good pricing momentum. So I'll say Rob, I mean we -- the team did a phenomenal job heating across all aspects in the business.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Rob, thanks for that question. I tell you, this is the exciting piece and it speaks tremendously to a lot of things that we've been saying in the past. And this is just a clear example of that. And that is that we're taking basically products that are call it you could argue standard products. And then we point these demand generation canon to specific end markets that we're seeing some very good growth momentum, and then we are able to attract customers to then work on very specific solutions. And in this case, we took configure, I mean items and components of standard products, and we were able to reconfigure that pretty quickly based on the request and from some customer and doing a lot of voice of customer and going to customer visits. So I think it's -- it speaks to the process that, that holistically is connecting all the dots from how we connect to the customer, how we generate the demand, how we instigate that customer to come to us, to utilizing processes then like i2V the innovative value process that we have internally to then redesign the product and then utilize all the other IDM, IMPACT Daily Management, which is part of the IRX to then execute in a pretty rapid way and flawlessly all along the lines by making sure that we're satisfying that that customer unmet need that is today in the market. So I think it is a beautiful example on how we have been able to connect all the dots and obviously many of these are happening throughout the entire company today, but this is just one that we thought it was great to highlight again new acquisition, but it speaks tremendously about how quickly we can continue to change the cultural perspective even on new M&A.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Andy, I think definitely price/cost is definitely helping. And as you also alluded the continue acceleration of the M&A bolt-on acquisitions that we have done, that's helping too as well. Seepex being one but even I point out to someone like ADI air dimensions, which again we acquired that at 50% EBITDA margins, and today it's above kind of call it 60%. So again, it's a combination of a lot of the things that we have put in action. So, yes, good price/cost, good synergy execution and the teams as we have said before, we're a little bit delayed on getting things like i2V in place at PST, but that is now ramping up and that's what we get the excitement that there should be more to come here.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, yes. I think you said it very well. Yes, I mean, I -- so five LOIs now which is obviously less than what we said on the park order, but that's because I mean, we closed some and we departed from some but I think the good news is that we still have a good handful of those at the stage that is right before signing the LOI. So that's why it continues to give us that confidence that we will be able to reach the target that we set and nothing that we're worried about that. In terms of the activity, we continue to see strong momentum activity out in the market. Again, it has to do because of a lot of the sales searching that we do in terms of finding good transactions that could be part of our company. So I think momentum continues to be pretty good on that M&A bolt-on strategy that we have.
Vicente Reynal: I think Joe; you're definitely on the high side on that perspective. I think if you do the math in terms of that 45%, 55%, you come with a much lower number, I mean, roughly half of what you just said.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, I think not at this point, because keep in mind that we're still living in a long lead time environment. So I think adding maybe kind of a couple of few weeks of extra lead time is not going to create any impact on what we have in the backlog that. So I don't think the answer to that no. And keep in mind that this is not -- this incident did not disrupt the majority of the company, right? So I think it's one that we think we have pretty good control sized and working diligently to get back in normal operations for -- by next week. And in the meantime also as we said, our team continues to minimize disruption by implementing workarounds. So there's ways on how you can continue to support customer and with different workarounds that, that you can do locally at some of the sites.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, thanks for the question. I'm sure the team -- the power tool team will be glad to hear that you asked a question of power tool. I can tell you that the team has done a phenomenal job on new product development. So believe it or not, similar to the story that we talked about here on Seepex on kind of how we get to short lead time and then launching new product and audience solutions, the power team -- the power tool team has done just a phenomenal job on that kind of reinvigorating the line and reinvigorating the channel and reinvigorating customers to come to us. So I think it's been an innovation story and it is basically what we said all along. The first we needed to fix the cost situation, and then we were going to start accelerating investments to key on keep the business growing. And with the help of IRX, we've been able to accomplish the first step, which was fixing a lot of the cost although continue to see improvement on that and then move pretty quickly to innovation. And that's what the team is doing. I mean, they're doing a lot of good nice products and launching now in the market.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Thanks, Joe for the question. Again on the cost opportunity, absolutely, we see a lot of cost opportunity and as you can imagine, we're leveraging some of our IRX tools to drive a weekly cadence on how we go after we call it price clawback, which is kind of looking at 2019 prices from some of our suppliers and how do we want to get as much as possible as we see some deflationary marketing happen in some areas. Now, I will say too as well, that there's some areas that we see some continued price inflation and reason why we continue to do some pricing activity out in the market. So it's not a -- but net-net we see stability and maybe going down and to your point, absolutely you can expect, I mean, we started this process. I would say maybe a couple quarters ago, going back to suppliers and start doing a lot of what we call reverse auctions through our process. In terms of our customers, I'll say it's a slightly different there, because as you know, our customers, they don't buy our product basically every week or every month. Or I mean, if they buy a compressor today, they're not going to buy a compressor until a few years later down the road. And in many cases, it's configured to the specific order. So it is difficult, I say to compare price to price, so difficult to argue for a price reduction when there's different features and different options that are being selected. So no, I will say as long as we continue to add incremental value to the product with the innovation that we're launching, we should be able to still continue to generate price.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nicole, I'll say throughout the quarter, yes, we continue to see in Q1, we saw -- I'd say maybe a little bit more sequentially proven yes. As I mean, but that's I think typical that you see in the quarter in Q1 particularly, right, as people kind of come out from vacation December and now into January. So I think but that, I mean, nothing of note that I will kind of call out to be just a massive acceleration into March. Just basically the regular cadence that we see in a usual typical Q1 quarter and in April, I mean, continue to be the same as what we have seen here so far in the first quarter.
Vicente Reynal: No, Nigel, I mean I'll say that the only thing I will say is that, only certain item IT systems were disrupted that and that that did not impact the majority of the company. And as I mentioned, where things were impacted were proactively took immediate actions to maintain business continuity and minimize disruptions. And we expect to begin restoring the impacted systems to normal operation here coming next week. So I think it's -- it speaks volumes and I think you can read that as well in terms of what we're saying that we don't expect this incident to impact the full-year guidance, and we felt it was prudent just to kind of give you even more color as to what we see here in the second quarter. But yes, that's we're not probably going to get into any more specifics on that.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Nigel, I -- yes. The one thing is that it's difficult to quantify specifically only because I mean when we take the order it could be reassuring or it could be something else. I mean clearly we know what goes into the Chips Act as an example and what goes into other things like that. But what we can tell you is what we said about the Buffalo facility, right? That we reopen Buffalo facility and that that business sold over $40 million in orders last year pretty quickly. And the momentum continues on that -- on that facility too as well. And a lot of that is really driven by the reassuring.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I'll say I think, Chris, I mean so we take so maybe two-folds to answer your question. I mean, we go after the suppliers when we see definitely declines in our commodity or some other commodity numbers that we -- whether steel and things like that. Now if we see the re -- inflation, same things coming back, back up again. Yes, I mean, we definitely stay pretty nimble and we'll go out in the market with more price. Yes, absolutely. I mean, that's how we did it as we were seeing the inflationary markets, and we'll definitely do it again.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nathan, as we say -- as we -- so I mean, first of all, I'll tell you we're super excited with that business only roughly about a quarter into it. And anything that we see is really exciting. I mean, five incredible brands within that portfolio that we're leveraging and doing a lot of work, as you can imagine, on demand generation, i2V, and the team is super, super engaged on really accelerating that. I think in terms of growth, yes, I mean, we see no reason why this set of businesses should accelerate the growth based on all the initiatives that we're doing much faster than what they were growing before. And in terms of margin expansion, yes. Same thing that we said when we acquired the business that we see that this business could get to roughly in the 30% EBITDA margins.
Vicente Reynal: I mean, we -- no change in plans. I mean, we still continue to be same aligned in terms of our long-term strategy.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Thank you, Candice. Once again, I mean, the Ingersoll Rand team has demonstrated their own match ability to execute despite these ongoing microeconomic volatility. We're very appreciative of our teams and the outperformance. This quarter truly demonstrates the power of IRX and the ownership mindset from our employees. And with that, just want to say thank you all of you for joining the call today and your interest in Ingersoll Rand. Have a great day,
