Michael W. Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on today's call. We delivered growth and profitability above our earnings guidance in the third quarter, with solid operational execution across the company. Our revenues for the third quarter were up 4% versus last year, both on a reported basis and excluding foreign exchange, reflecting top line performance and top-of-our-guidance range. Revenues were up in each of the 4 sectors. Orders increased 7%, and we're up in all 4 sectors. Orders were up double digits in commercial unitary HVAC, most of which shipped in the third quarter, and residential HVAC. Recall that year-over-year comparisons for residential HVAC bookings are not that indicative given improvements in the order of ship cycle time as a result of the value stream work we've been conducting. Adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter were $1.16, that's $0.06 above the midpoint of our guidance range of $1.07 to $1.12. Better performance from operations and higher revenues delivered upside of $0.05. A positive $0.03 came from a gain on the sale of a security technology manufacturing site, which was closed as part of a footprint consolidation earlier this year. This is the same product line that Janet mentioned as being transferred from Security to Residential for reporting purposes. And the impact on operating income was $21 million, which was recorded in the security technology sector but after deducting the joint venture partner share and taxes, it was $0.03 of EPS. This is a result of the factory consolidation project we've talked about the past few quarters, and it's a great example of operational excellence in the company. We have known all year that we were going to have the gain within the year, but due to government approval timing, we were just not positive in which quarter it would fall. It was not included in the third quarter's guidance. Finally, tax was a headwind in the quarter, amounting to $0.02 drag on earnings versus guidance due to a discrete tax charge. Adjusted margin increased 140 basis points. Excluding the impact of a gain I just mentioned, margin increased 80 basis points. Versus 2012's third quarter, Residential delivered a 270-basis-point improvement, Climate margin was up 110 basis points and Industrial margins were up 90 basis points. Security adjusted margins was up 520 basis points including the gain and down 30 basis points excluding the gain. Corporate costs were higher in the quarter as expected, due to the higher benefit costs and increased investments related to our IT transformation. This marks our 10th consecutivequarter of a positive gap between pricing and direct material inflation. Our lean focus again showed significant results in the implemented value streams, and we continue to invest in the future of the business, funding significant new product development, investing in a new IT platform and building our services footprint. Spin-off, restructure and refinancing costs were $0.23 from the quarter. We also recorded an impairment charge of $0.36 related to the security business in Europe, Middle East and Africa. We had filed an 8-K on September 20, advising that there would be this charge. We continued our share repurchase program, repurchasing 5 million shares in the quarter. We repurchased 14 million shares year-to-date in September. We still expect to spend the current $2 billion authorization by the end of the first quarter of next year. We continue to be on track with our milestone to complete the spin of Allegion in our planned time frame at the beginning of December. We completed a successful debt offering for Allegion a few weeks ago and have named the full senior leadership team, as well as the board. There are 2 key milestones approaching that could be impacted by the government shutdown: the shutdown could delay the timing of the spin beyond early December if we do not receive both the private letter ruling from the IRS, and the SEC declaration of the Form 10 is effective within the next 2 to 3 weeks. We have every belief and indication that we will receive both, it's just a matter of timing. And now that the government is back to work, we're optimistic that we'll be able to maintain our current timeline. Now I'd like to formally introduce and welcome Sue Carter, who is our new CFO. She and Steve have been transitioning over the last few weeks since she joined, and that will continue until Steve retires. You will all get a chance to meet Sue in person at our investor meeting on November 12. Sue will take you through the third quarter results in more detail, and I'll be back with our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Julien, this is Mike. And the short answer is no. The movement in the gap that we've been seeing has been really higher other inflation this year, driven by the benefit costs and wage increases, but the productivity itself has been fairly steady. The value streams, which would be the labor, productivity component, have continued to show excellent results, and sourcing is right on track, delivering the expected levels of productivity there. You can actually see that on the gross margins. We're up about 100 basis points. One thing that is shifting and it's shifting by design and evolution, is the amount of value analysis and value engineering productivity. And that has been last because, as you can imagine now, after 4 years of developing new products and more new products sort of being imminent, there's less need and less old product to go do VA/VE work. But the replacement for that is new product that hopefully higher market -- sorry, higher margins and higher market shares. So I don't think there's an issue here with the sort of runway in front of us, but the only maybe mix change is around that VA/VE component. As far as G&A areas, I still think we're in the early innings there on that. Clearly, we're investing more right now in IT system conversion than we're seeing in productivity, but that's a long process of getting kind of systems installed and obviously, productivity that results on the back end of that. But that's not a surprise to anything that we've been talking about now for the last couple of years.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, actually, service and parts bookings have been good. I mean, the surprise was this year, in the third quarter, was twofold, really in the Trane business, where we had much higher Unitary sales than we had anticipated, and that is going into a strong commercial and industrial market in North America. The other thing that was a bit of a surprise in the third quarter was our Applied business bookings, particularly in North America, were up. And they're up kind of high single digits in North America, and that really helps us relative to what we had expected in quarter 1, quarter 2, even potentially quarter 3 of next year. So it's a long lead delivery on those, but that was a nice sign. But with all that being said, though, we use a number of data points. I know you're familiar with most of these, and the one that we've seen a slip since the last time we talked has been that Dodge data, both the Put in Place and the starts coming down again. So we're somewhat muted in our 2014 view at this point in time as to calling a commercial recovery. We do love what we've seen in the certainly commercial and industrial space. And we do believe, both in Unitary and a small bit of Applied that goes into that market, that we've done very well in those markets.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I mean, there has been the launch of quite a bit of new applied product, but frankly, unitary as well that is more efficient, is more reliable. And in that regard, it's always better in conversations with customers when you're able to apply shorter paybacks on what we're doing. So about half the market, I think, is visible through what we see in Dodge, and half the market is the market we create through, I would say, owner direct activity, really pitching energy efficiency and retrofits in buildings. And so frankly, although the Dodge market is unimpressive, I think we continue to do well around energy efficiency, your replacements and to owners.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, for the full year 2013 across the company, we see Western Europe is still down only slightly. The big pickup for us has been Eastern Europe. And then actually, from the way we consolidate that, the Middle East is in that number, and the Middle East has been up quite nicely, particularly in the HVAC business. So Western Europe, not fully recovered; Eastern Europe, doing very, very well; and the Middle East, of course, doing well, too.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Deane. It's not been a program. I think everyone knows that we've been measuring vitality across the businesses for at least 4, maybe little bit longer years now, and we've had sort of a steady influx across all of our businesses. Climate specifically has been a big benefactor of that, both in Commercial and in Residential. So we would continue apace. I mean, you might see the pace to be, incrementally, a little bit higher for 2014, although we really haven't put together yet the concrete plans for 2014 yet across those businesses. But some fantastic ideas around what we're doing there. And quite a bit of investment going on in the applied products, whereas the last 2, 3 years, we've seen that in the Unitary product. We're looking now at -- for many of the broader lines, historically high shares across the business. And that's indicative of really having put together, I think, the right product plans and have made the right deliveries. So there's actually quite a bit going on in terms of new product launches this fourth quarter and on through the middle of next year, particularly in the Trane and Commercial business. Actually, Trane -- Commercial, Trane res together. So yes, I can't give you a definitive number. I don't see a slowing down. The investments we made have been long term and programmatic. There've been really geared against a long term, multi-generation product plan. I'd add the same thing translates over to Thermo King, where we've continued to invest in next-generation trailer product, and we'll continue to do that in 2014 as well. So steady as she goes, maybe a little bit more incrementally. But so far, I think it's added to the top line margin expansion that we've seen.
Michael W. Lamach: We are having good success with Ameristar. Ameristar is right on plan for us, no changes there. And relative to what we see, sort of in -- across sort of the board there, R-22 is certainly down, as I mentioned, about 10%. A little bit actually of a bit of a resurgence in the second quarter versus the trend line that we're on, I don't think enough to be a concern. But as some replacements were done really in the second, third quarter, just a bit more mixed toward R-22 than what we had projected. Not a big deal, but we were in position with a product and at the right price point to look at that. So it's really difficult to comment on residential HVAC shares on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I think what we probably do is similar to last year. We might give you sort of a more definitive answer to that question early next year, looking back on a full year. But we like what we're doing. We like the growth. The product, I think, is right. The margin expansion is what we thought it would be. So we feel pretty good about the execution of the team. And as I said in the earlier question, some very interesting product coming out for us in the fourth quarter and through the season next year that, I think, will be pretty exciting.
Michael W. Lamach: No. It's the nature of what's booked. And maybe to give you just a little bit of color on that, if you take North America as an example, where we were up in HVAC 7%, half of that really is in the aftermarket parts and services. And so there's really no order that shipped there as -- as quickly as we get people on the street, parts shipped to the customer. 72% of the balance was Unitary and that's about 70% shipped in Q3. So we've got 30% of that portion left to ship. All the nice Applied bookings, though, really got extended out into quarter 1, quarter 2, and it's when the customer is fundamentally ready or the building is ready for shipment. So that's indicative of sort of our business here as between service and parts, and then you get into Unitary, which is very quick ship, turning ship for us. It really just takes that applied and moves it out a bit for us. Same is true, we had a nice growth in China air; we were up 8% bookings there, but all of that is 2014. In fact, even toward the back half of 2014 in the China air business. And actually, a product that we've launched and are developing in China for the Unitary HVAC business, a new product, was up 66%. But again, all that product is due for us in 2014. And I could go through each of these businesses, but as we go through that and we did our operating reviews on Tuesday of this week, we just didn't get any sense that there was something missing here between the translation of the 7% bookings and the fourth quarter midpoint estimate we have of about 2.5% growth. So, Steve, it does line up 2014, where we've got a little bit of backlog, we'll be able to take into 2014. That's probably the good news.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, we're not going to give guidance on 2014 productivity, but I'd just take you back. Lean for us, still early innings. Our global sourcing organization a little over 1 year old now. So that's still kind of early innings. We really have in front of us all of the functional excellence work that we want to undertake inside the company. Part of that enabled through the IT work and part of it enabled really just through organizational change that we might make there. So fundamentally, I don't see why we would slow down productivity in 2014. I assure you, our plans are to maintain that.
Michael W. Lamach: Jeff, for now, think about that restructuring really about being sort of longer payback, sort of 1-year-type savings on that. So I don't think it's going to be sort of a headwind or a tailwind for us next year in the way you should think about 2014. It would certainly help the company sort of on a go-forward basis on that.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, hard to know if we're able to do that. But certainly, we would like to be able to get on it as quickly as we can. And there's no doubt that some things that we do might take a little bit longer. But that's our focus at this point in time.
Michael W. Lamach: We've had -- North America I think, is probably more what you're referring to. We've had a forecast for trailer of about 34,000 units and [indiscernible] had a forecast of about 37,000 units. And we don't see the 37,000, and if we stretch it, we might see it some between 34,000 and 35,000 units. And so I think it'll normalize back to our projections, which is really based on a deep understanding of actual truck customers that we're talking to and what their buying expectations and habits and patterns actually are for our business. So we think we've got the forecast right here. And there was a lot of sort of early-season booking this year. Certainly, we're delivering against those, the shipments as we speak. But I don't -- we don't see it as a 37,000-unit market.
Michael W. Lamach: The only anomaly might be, as you think about the new precedent product, which is sort of the car plant now to a bore reg product, it's a more expensive product. So even on a same-unit volume, we mix up a little higher on that.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Jeff. In a company that has as many products and channels as we have, that's a question that you can't answer in aggregate for the company; it really comes down to how we're thinking about different businesses, different competitive situations. And what I would tell you fundamentally here is that I agree with you, it'll be a muted environment. We do think that we'll see a positive GAAP again next year priced to inflation. And all the work that's going on relative to pricing for us now in 2014, has really been understanding relative competitive position and how to price the economic value between ourselves and competitors, as well as to a more surgical approach to stratifying channels to provide the right pricing to the right channel partners and business. So you'll probably see us have price next year again, even in a market where there might be muted inflation and not a lot of announced price agreements. We would still expect to have price -- some positive price gaps.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, yes. I mean, certainly, Europe was stronger than what we expected really across-the-board. So that was probably a surprise, #1. And then I would say, just as the Unitary piece of this -- particularly, I would say bookings for Unitary in the last week or 2 of the quarter were a little stronger than we had thought. That would -- that's what leaves us with 30% you have to shift, because the cycle times there are very short in that business. So that was a bit of a surprise. And frankly, we were really not thinking about the applied market being that strong. So we had really nice strength in Asia, specifically China, and we had great strength in the Americas, in the Trane, Applied business. So when you part to the part, Europe is a geography, but I'd say Climate, HVAC, Asia and TK really is sort of the business drivers.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Steve. Todd would say that, look, by the end of the year, we'll be at 40% next year. I think our plans right now will be closer to 60% at that point in time. SIOP is -- you're saying fixed. I mean, you're always trying to improve that. As you well know, Steve, in particular, just a bit of a background you had on lane [ph]. And so SIOP is a process, it's implemented. We've seen much better materials management. We've seen much better inventory control. We've seen much greater fill rates. We would expect continuous improvement in SIOP as it relates to what we're doing, and it's been part of the fundamental improvement in the company, along with all the other work going on. So SIOP has improved, working capital remains at really, I would say, top quartile levels around the diversified industrial peer group, and we have no reason to expect that, that won't continue to improve. Our expectations are to improve that. So there's this much more sophisticated work coming in, in 2014 and beyond, plan for every part, further work on stratifying our ABC materials analysis and different tools we're bringing into the organization as part of the standard operating system for the company. But we're executing a lot of that today. So...
Michael W. Lamach: Oh, HVAC was really the very positive surprise on sort of what we've seen there, specifically in China relative to kind of where we were. So that's been a good story for us. And Air, it picked up in Q3. We think it'll pick up again in Q4, albeit those are typically very large, complex systems that are being pushed out 9 months, even a year for customer delivery in some of the locations. So we saw it across the board. I would say the Climate businesses have just generally been a bit stronger for us than industrial, which is still, we think, capacity-constrained and policy-constrained in China to a certain extent. So we see a recovery there, but it's somewhat muted relative to our HVAC performance, where we're having great success in things like health care and 4- and 5-star hotels. So the mix has moved away in HVAC from maybe industrial HVAC applications or from pharma or tech companies into hospitals and leisure. And in the Air side, it's still constrained a bit through some of the second-tier providers that we sell to, that would sell off to shipping and steel as an example.
Michael W. Lamach: Mix and price, Steve, I guess I'd have to bridge what's left over exactly how much, but mix and price would be substantial in terms of the amount of '13 or '14 year business we're doing now versus what we used to do. So price has been a contributor for us as well. Price has been still very positive. So between the 2, I think that...
Michael W. Lamach: Well, that's, again, the market moving there. And as you know, from the last couple of years, we've been trying to put product in that range. And whether it's Ameristar or Trane at new price points, it's been a focus for us to compete across the whole product -- over the whole 13 through 17-plus market. And we're selling more '13, '14 series mix, and that's -- mix is down for us in terms of price. And, of course, units are up.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, it's across the board. I mean, it's every single region of the world. Unitary is up nicely for us, and I could think about AP, EMEA and Unitary Americas, all had significant new product launches in the year that you saw at the HR show. So part of it certainly, I think, would be attributable to that. We've had really good success with the Unitary product within the marketplace.
Michael W. Lamach: Shannon, I'd say I consider to think about it as being bumpy. The data we're looking at still is moving dramatically. And the Dodge data, 2Q to 3Q, particularly institutional, has moved down. So I mean, to me, it feels a bit lumpy. Again, it's been really great for us to see, particularly in applied, the large chiller business into the [indiscernible] business to look at our shares there, really again kind of approaching historic highs for the company. That's all well and good, but it's not really driven by Put in Place or starts getting us excited.
Michael W. Lamach: Absolutely. I mean, it's a competitive business. We've got great, strong competitors. Nobody is sitting back on their heels. We're just working a long-term multi-generation product plan, thinking 3 to 5 years out. There's new technology that we're incorporating in new product development, so it's -- often times, if you think about new technology, it needs to be proven before you put it in new product development. So we're having, I think, some great success, where NTI work is now proving out to the point where it's being introduced into new product development. And that's created, I think, an advantage in reliability and in efficiency, which, I think, a great place is to compete. So that's really what's been happening. I could extend that to Thermo King, and I can certainly extend that to -- really, all of our businesses, I think, are following the same formula.
