Sue Carter: Yes, so, on CapEx, Steve, as we look at it, so we guided $300 million for 2018. When we started out the 2017 guidance we gave you about $250 million, we came in at about $220. So in other words, $30 million was really CapEx that we didn’t spend in 2017 that we're going to move over into 2018. So you have just a slight amount of increase. The other thing that I would say is when you think about the $300 million. The $300 million is primarily going to be new product introductions. It's going to -- the capital associated with that, it's going to be on factories for increasing productivity and increasing cost reduction ideas in our factories. So those primary objectives, when you think about them, are very clear with our growing operating margin and operating leverage. So we think that that $300 million is a good use of capital for 2018.
Sue Carter: No, there was no nuance in the comment, Jeff. What that really is, is some of our international entities that roll up under the U.S. structure, so the entities report into the U.S., and where as previously we had access to our cash through intercompany loans and through other mechanisms. We've going to use the tax reform and the repatriation tax that we're going to pay over the next eight years to bring back a small portion of that cash to the U.S.. And so you can obviously calculate this is roughly about $300 million. And the only reason really to signal that is we did not have a lot of cash that we did not have access to or that was a big part of the repatriation. So I was just trying to give you context on what the amount would be. And the reason it's an approximation is we have to go through all of the detailed works now that we've figured out the amount of tax with what the in-country rules are, how you would go about doing that timing of doing that, et cetera. So it was nothing more than a nuance to give you an idea of how much cash would come back to the U.S..
Sue Carter: Joe, let me start out on the material inflation side and what we're seeing in 2018. So one, there's obviously the Tier 1 commodities that are inflationary, Tier 2, and then there's also other components. So what I want to point out is that refrigerants are going to be inflationary in 2018, and let's call that about 10% of our overall inflation. We've also got some led that goes into the Club Car product that will be inflationary. After that, as I break it down, what we expect to see is inflation in Tier 1 commodities is going to be about half of the inflation that we see spread between copper, steel, and aluminum. And so when I think about copper, we do lock copper as we go forward. So we're going to enter any given quarter with about 70% of that locked. And we're entering 2018 just under 70% locked on copper for the year. But we do expect that to be an inflationary component. You're also correct, Joe, that when you think about the globe in terms of commodities and what happened in '17, and what we also expect to see in 2018, is that Asia is performing differently than prior expectations. So before 2017, i.e., they did take some steel capacity offline. They've done other things that have kept some of their material inflation actually pretty high compared to what you'd normally see. And then in the U.S., not having options for steel purchases offshore, and using what's happening is another large part of that. So we do expect to see inflation in copper, aluminum, as well as some steel perhaps in the later part of the year. But I also point out the refrigerant and some of the other components.
Sue Carter: Yes, Rich, here’s how we look at the M&A. So we talk about it, it would be about one point of revenue. We also are factoring in about mid teens EBITDA on those, which would equate to about $0.06 in 2018 and increasing in 2019 to $0.15 to $0.16 EPS increase.
Sue Carter: That’s exactly right. So, our intention is to refinance the 2018 notes that come due in August 2018. You are also correct, it’s at 6.75%. And obviously rates are much lower than that at this point. So, we do intend to refinance. We are watching the market and also being very conscious on any early break premiums and making sure that we have got the right mix there, but we do intend to refinance those.
Mike Lamach: Steve, thanks. It's hard to look back now over nine years. It seems like it's a long time to look back. But one thing that we've been consistent about is just the level of investment that we've been pounding through every year on good ROIC projects. As Sue mentioned, stepping up on capital in those areas, the innovation pipeline looks solid. We had a lot of introductions, and 17 more planned for '18. So I think we do have a positive gap in the technologies and systems that we're putting out in the marketplace. And we've always known that we've got large competitors out there that are capable as well. So we intend to just continue to keep the drumbeat moving and keep innovation out in front. So we know where the competition is at relative to current launches, and we know what our pipeline looks like. And I would imagine that we're going to be able to maintain technology positive gap for some time.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I mean the thing we don’t know, Jeff, is really the timing of fourth quarter and first quarter, whether it's '18 or '19. And these large bookings come in very late in the year, and we're really trying to assess at this point in time exactly when customers are going to need them. So it's difficult to predict. I mean clearly carrying 12% increased backlog year-over-year is a great thing relative to the revenue guidance that we've given. These are longer lead, large projects that we just need to work through a little more time to understand the exact timing.
Mike Lamach: Yes, so Jeff, we've been increasing price throughout Climate globally including Climate throughout 2017, in the back-half of the year in particular. And so I'm confident that pricing increases, because we've in some ways priced those projects coming through to shipment in 2018. I think competitive dynamics there would point to rise in prices in China as well. So I think that markets there are recovering in commodities has been something that's been felt by all competition. So you're seeing pricing coming through in the marketplace. And I think we've got a pretty good handle on what's happening, at least early in the year from a commodity perspective. So I feel like that gap is certainly going to close across the company and China. Beginning in the first quarter, frankly the gap closes, and then throughout the year. It's not really a hockey stick at all. I mean it's not a first-half second-half equation. I think that the leverage frankly is fairly linear through the year for us.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Steve I'd really tell you that -- I'd start by saying that nothing changes around how we target and think about the operating system of the company trying to get a 20-30 basis point positive spread off material inflation. So, all the internal plans and all the incentive plans, if you will, are set to be able to achieve that. We've essentially thought about the year as being relatively flat in terms of price and material inflation. And we've set in place or in motion productivity ideas on a contingency basis that you could even handle, say, a negative 30 and still be able to achieve the midpoint of guidance. So we're really set for kind of a minus 30 plus 30 with spread roughly at zero is how I would think about that.
Mike Lamach: Those absolutely priced, and on that of that there's absolutely material productivity on top of that, so absolutely priced.
Mike Lamach: No, so a number of things, but it's supplier consolidation to the preferred supplier program helps. That would be a driver. Material usage, so the quantity and gauge of material used. Material change, as you mentioned, would be another one. And then there'd actually be product design as well. So, all of that will contribute to a material productivity number.
Mike Lamach: Sequentially, on your first question, really around pricing material cost inflation, we improve Q4 to Q1. It improves dramatically. You could think about maybe 50 basis points would be something that we would be thinking about in terms of that. So there's an immediate improvement I think Q1 to Q4 from that point of view. As it relates to the seasonality, I think you're right. If you go back over our four or five-year average it runs, say, 10.5% to 12.5%. I would tell you that at least initially I would be guiding you toward the lower end of that as it relates to just making sure that we've got this all contained around price to inflation, and it flows through the way that it should. So we feel good about what we're doing, but clearly we fully understand the burden of proof is on the first quarter, and so we're prepared for that.
Mike Lamach: Remember, quarter 4 last year for us was -- and in '16 was really strong. So I think that this strong quarter 4 that we booked is coming back-to-back really off combined healthy stack of bookings, so that, there's no easy comp there at all for us. There's larger projects that we have not planned in '18 that would dramatically change '18, and that would create a comp, obviously an issue for '19. But there are really no comp issues other than tough comps, '17 to '18 from that point of view. The visibility really hasn’t changed much. Institutional projects take longer. They're something that we work on with customers to help design and specify, and then move through the process of tendering, and awarding, and executing. So we tend to have more visibility on that, and that continues.
Mike Lamach: Well, we feel good about the variable cost leverage. And it really depends on how much of the shipments come through in the year and how much fixed cost leverage do we get on that volume. So it really is something that'll play out through the year for us. But clearly great 2017, and more confidence kind of going into '18, '19, and really confidence around the 2020 outlook that we gave some time ago, that this business is really ahead of schedule on that front, and performing well.
Mike Lamach: Joe, I'd think about it as, and I've said before, that the nature of 2018 inflation seems more manageable to us than 2017. Some of that's got to do with the fact that copper is easier for us to take a look at and lock appropriately. And steel you get a little bit longer view, and it's sort of at a level right now where unless there's any trade policy shocks again to the system we feel that it's a more appropriate environment. So just in general, the nature or the profile of where the inflation is, is a bit easier for us to maintain, including refrigerants.
Mike Lamach: Yes, industrial pricing has been really good. It's been great, and so our productivity there has been less of a factor too. So you're dealing with good price, and material inflation is a bit more predictable than it's been on the climate side. That's all really positive. Restructuring that we're doing in '18, roughly let's call it, say, $60 million in restructuring there. Two-thirds of that really is completed early now in January. And it's about two-thirds of the total. And it's really geared in the industrial area. So really thinking about how that'll flow through during the course of the year, and what the paybacks might look like when complete, there's an opportunity there. I'd like to say there's an opportunity more than there's a risk there. But there's an opportunity there perhaps for us to maybe to do better. So I'm really optimistic about what's happened with bookings there, what's happened with the margins being ahead of schedule, and the fact that we've got an early start toward the productivity requirements that we need to have in '18 and '19 there.
Mike Lamach: No, they're not. They're not in the ‘18 forecast. That would be the upside of the forecast, but they are too big to throw in the number in forecast. I mean if they had done, they are going to be delivered really some in ‘18 but ‘19 and ‘20. They are going to be multi-year projects.
Mike Lamach: An EBITDA sort of in the higher teens closer to 20, really the difference in ‘18 is just a step up, but really good businesses.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I mentioned, Dave, that quarter four, quarter one, sequentially it’s 550 basis points better in for the full year that gets flat. Quarter one would still be a negative relationship. So, it does imply sort of second, third, fourth quarter improving. You will see that improve throughout the balance of the year as shipments were made in Q2, Q3, Q4, and pricing already established and material cost that hopefully we have got a handle on the inflationary number. So, they sequentially get better throughout the year.
Mike Lamach: Well, it’s all of the above, but it’s a 50% of the whole price cost relationship with China. And if you throw the Middle East in there, you can say it’s closer to 70% as China and the Middle East. And I would tell you that the China element really proportionally improved throughout the year as with the rest of the world. Pricing environment in China, we assume is getting better at that’s been our experience so far. And as we have highlighted here earlier, we felt the material inflation part of that now is somewhat under control with capacity really being now rationalized in the marketplace and we feel better about that.
Mike Lamach: Yes, in a commercial space, quarter one, we are shipping what we’ve already booked. So, we feel like the price scenario is pretty well established at this point. There is book in turn. But where there’s book in turn, it’s typically dealt with by list prices. So talking about unitary product, it’s going to have more list price than applied which is going to be very project specific. Well, the applied project specific was then quoted third quarter, fourth quarter, and shipping in the first and second quarter. The unitary had price increases going through as did our competitors.
Mike Lamach: Yes, David, something that really have to change in the first quarter here in the last couple of months for that to really change my guidance here.
Mike Lamach: Yes, as we become less dependent around growth and margin for North American trailer, we are really just utilizing the ACT data here. So, we are not going to try to guess anymore than ACT on that. And it always comes down to which customer is ordering from who. And so, it’s too hard to predict at this point, but ACT is calling the market down and we are just reflecting what they are saying.
Mike Lamach: Joel, there is a no quick that we are losing steam on the productivity idea that we’ve got across the company. In fact, we are attacking parts that we hadn’t attacked in the past. Warehousing, logistic, G&A cost where the profile of the company has changed over the years. Now we are catching up on some of those areas. So I don’t -- in a short time we have got here. It will be difficult tell you about the all the areas we have got. But I have got confidence that we are not running out of any steam here at all in productivity.
Mike Lamach: Yes, just one last comment. This is Joe Fimbianti’s last quarterly call with us. And from all of us at Ingersoll-Rand and many the people that you have known over the years, Joe, on the call, thank you for 41 years, a 120 earnings calls beginning in April 1988. We wish you and your wife a great long healthy retirement, Joe. Thank you.
David Raso: Good morning. On the price cost, it hasn’t been positive year-over-year since 3Q ‘16. But, we are seeing for ‘18 given the first quarter, I suspect there is a quarter coming up within the base case that you see it turning positive again. Can you give us some sense of the cadence? How we think about? Is that kind of a post-China sell through? And then, it’s more of a third quarter back half or to that even be on the table for as soon as 2Q -- at least as your base case guidance.
David Raso: And not to push a little bit, but again of that improvement how much is that something you have sort of see in the backlog today domestically? And why it’s still deteriorating, right? We have gone from 50 bps, 50 bps, 70 bps, now 80 bps. Even second derivative improvement will start to add some credence to, "Hey, we are maybe getting to the worst of price cost." So I think your first quarter comment is significant, that’s bps positive if it can develop. I am just trying to understand exactly the line of side on that. I mean how much is it…
David Raso: Yes, it just seems that the unitary market is seeing a little bit of price realization to start the year.
