Mike Lamach: Thanks, Steve. Please go to slide 18. Our forecast for the balance of 2010 is based on mixed but improving markets. We continue to expect a slow recovery in the US and European economies, growth in Asia and mixed activity levels in our major vertical end markets. We believe recent activities indicate that we are seeing stages of recovery in refrigeration, industrial, club car, residential HVAC and residential security, as well as in commercial HVAC parts, contracting and service. We expect to see a continuation of the challenging conditions in the US nonresidential construction market for the balance of the year, which will continue to impact both Trane and security commercial business. We are certainly encouraged by our orders and backlog but economic turns can be choppy, so we believe the best approach is to be conservative in our market outlook and continue to relentlessly focus on achieving our productivity targets, offsetting material inflation through price realization and continued investment in our long-term growth through innovation. Based on this mix but the improving view of the world, we are raising our revenue range for the full year 2010 to up 4% to 6% compared with 2009. We expect industrial and residential to show gains in the upper single-digit range. Climate Solutions revenues expected to be up low to mid single-digits with low single-digit declines in HVAC equipment and gains in both refrigeration and contracting products and service. Security is expected to show a year-over-year decline due to its exposure to non-residential building, especially in North America. This results in a full year forecast of $13.7 billion to $13.9 billion, equal to a 4% to 6% full year growth for total Ingersoll-Rand. This compares to our previous revenue guidance of 3% to 5%. Please go to slide 19. As a result of an improved revenue outlook, we are now projecting full year 2010 EPS from continuing operations including restructuring and excluding $0.12 of one-time healthcare costs to be $2.18 to $2.38 per share.  Additionally, our forecast was built on the following assumptions. Our full year forecast assumes modest price realization year-over-year, a tax rate of about 19%, $0.25 per share of restructuring and productivity investments, and EPS based on a $341 million share account. Third quarter revenues are forecasted to be in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.75 billion which is up approximately 5% to 8% compared with the third quarter of 2009. EPS from continuing operations is expected to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.80, again, including $0.08 of restructuring and productivity investments. Please go to slide 20. Slide 20 is a summary of our forecast for the balance of 2010 and all of the related components. To sum up the forecast for 2010, we expect to demonstrate our focus on driving towards top Tier operational performance across each of our businesses, while steadily increasing delivery of customer focused innovation and products, systems, services, and business models. We expect to see improving revenue growth and significant earnings growth as we continue to deliver on these objectives. Steve and I would now be happy to take your questions.
Mike Lamach: Rob, I'd tell you from the get-go it's been disappointing from what I thought it would be. It is not a subject of sort of major positive variances in any of the business reviews that we do. I think there is some effect to it, but actually do not see it as a major tailwind or driver for us.
Mike Lamach: Just not seeing the flow of funds really. As opposed to go back to China where we had 30, 40% bookings growth and we had our factories filled with high efficiency equipment, chillers and airing units, which I would say was a direct result of the stimulus work there. 
Mike Lamach: I think it's a business that when we look long-term, we think we have the ability to grow that business 8% to 10% annually. So I think there is some catch up. I think there is some particularly early in the year where 2009 budgets were constrained. I think there was early spending by customers to make sure they were going to be able to spend. And in the event there would be a W shape recovery and maybe have budgets cut.  So I think there is a little bit of that. But I expect long-term that we can grow that business 8 to 10%. It's an enormous business, very fragmented, with a lot of global opportunity for us as well. 
Mike Lamach: It's interesting because the Schlage idea is ahead of the marketplace. It actually does sell at higher margins than our mechanical product. But I would also tell you, it's really outstanding operational improvement in Europe and Asia offsetting that mix. 
Mike Lamach: Yeah. Good question, Jeff. What happens to us is there is a shift in the restructuring productivity investments. We pick up a significant increase in the third quarter versus the second quarter, and so if you look at the $100 million of restructuring productivity investments we have in the year, it's predominantly second half oriented, and we will be reloading the canon here in the third quarter pretty significantly, so just about offsets the $26 million of inefficiencies almost dollar-for-dollar. 
Mike Lamach: Dave, this is Mike. One thing I would tell you that we think we have actually hit the bottom on some of the inventory business in the US, but it's so early to call that as a definite bottom but I would tell you it tends to be fairly conservative. It has been a little bit surprising that there has been some flattening here and sort of the order activity there would suggest that we may have reached that bottom. I just don't know if we really have and I think that's where the conservatism comes in.
Mike Lamach: To be actively inaccurate, it would be a benefit to the Trane, commercial and security commercial businesses. If it's inaccurate I think we've adequately forecasted, okay, and we're taking a middle of the road view here that it's going to be choppy.
Mike Lamach: Dave, this is Mike. Absolutely what we're doing here in the back half of 2010 is 2011 productivity, and the idea here is we're largely through phase I as we call it in terms of those actions and feel like we've executed against that, and what you see here is really the keying up and loading of what we refer to as phase II action 
Mike Lamach: David, I'm going to defer a little bit. Because I mean these are plans that we haven't announced internally and haven't fully vetted, so I'm going to defer that for a quarter, okay, and I understand your question.
Mike Lamach: You are correct on the second quarter, Nigel. What we look at, what we have in the forecast for the third and fourth quarter is the pickup in inflation. It's primarily being driven by steel prices. If you look at steel prices in the marketplaces are coming up. Steel is not good because a lot of our sub component suppliers use steel and index us whenever the prices go up.  So what we have in the third and fourth quarter is an increase in price realization to offset some of that pressure on inflation. So we're continuing to match the two in a way that says that we're driving price with the commodity inflations that we're seeing, but there is no question in the way we put this together there is more inflation in the back half and less than first half. 
Mike Lamach: I think the most success we've had has been in the security technologies commercial area. They were able to raise price this year and have it stick. I think what's going on across the league is that pricing, you know, price list level is remaining relatively flat, fairly stable. But we're focused on, and we talked about this several times, there's something that we call our top-line margin expansion program. It's not so much going out and increasing price list, but its taking the waste out of the waterfall of margin but it occurs between the customer price and what we actually take in to our net sales line. That would be things like volume discounts, it would be things like trade allowances, other things, freight recoveries, rebate programs that are more differentiated than they were in the past based on current volume and projected volumes. Those are the kinds of things, that's why it takes a little bit longer, Nigel, then it's not necessarily. We've had business that have done price increases, but necessarily across the rest of the company, its more around as Steve said this, the gross to net.
Mike Lamach: If you look, we expect to get some price realization in Q3. Think about it maybe in the sort of half a point range, and I think a lot of that's going to be through, what I talked about as being gross to net top-line margin expansion programs. We would see that picking up even further into Q4, you know so to maybe around a point in Q4, we believe we should get full benefit of what we put in place now almost a year ago to that point. And for the year, it puts us up a little bit, maybe 40 basis points in total for the year. And again the only wild card I would tell you, Nigel is that we don't get the inflation, if we're able to either void that through component part prices or if we're able to actually see less commodity inflation, there is a little bit probably of relief that we'll see there as well.
Mike Lamach: I just add to that very, very clear in the third quarter that gap between price and inflation is wider, i.e. more negative than is in the fourth quarter.
Mike Lamach: I'm going to hold off on July, Nigel, but I will tell you that from what we can assess, we've about nine to 10 weeks of supply out into the channel, which is about right. I don't think we're going to see major restocking. Hot weather, we can see increased sell-through, okay, but I don't think we're going to see restocking here. I think we're about right as far as that goes.
Mike Lamach: During the second quarter it was quite lumpy. You saw a really big April, May was actually little bit of a negative for us, and June was marginally positive. So it was very high, low, and then more moderating. Orders follow the same pattern, April we were up north of 15, May we were sort of north of 8, June closer to 7. So I think it's coming down into this view that we're going to see high single-digit for the year, but I don't think it's going to be anything north of high single-digit. 
Mike Lamach: It's really around security and commercial. It's around commercial spending. It's not only speculative construction and retrofits, but its commercial office buildings undergoing renewal, and enough confidence in the owners of those buildings that there is an opportunity there to either track tenants or raise rates for these improvements. So, I think it comes down to consumer confidence, up at the sort of commercial investment level. I also think that later in the year you may tend to see some of the customers that we've got potentially trying to spend a little bit ahead again, but I think that that bubble's probably not sustainable. At some point in time I think customer budgets become more stable, more reliable, and you don't see the spikiness in that during the course of the year. I think too that a little nervous about and I don't have any, this is more anecdotal, but I worry little about, during this recession what would have happened to small business credit lines. And the fact that I don't know that small businesses in some ways are going to be able to restore those lines and have the working capital they had in the past to rebound. So, I worry a little about that. Hopefully we won't see that in our DSOs and we haven't seen that to date, but I do believe there are some constraints with some of our distributors out there.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, it's both, right. So it's a trend you can see where unitary is beginning at the shallow bottom closer to single-digit declines. Early I would say June, June bookings, we're showing actually even a little bit of favorability at one point, slight to prior year. You just get the sense that that market really has bottomed now into small to mid single-digit declines, spot and too close to call. You'd love to see one more quarter or a few more months really of booking activity there, but it just feels better in the activity we're seeing. I would also tell you the activity we see before a booking relates to the amount of proposals and the amount of activity we're doing with customers. And that just seems to be feeling better as well.
Mike Lamach: Yeah. I think you could see, I would probably say break even. I'd say I'd expect something around flat, zero, which would be a pickup.
Mike Lamach: We focused a lot on pricing in regional markets. If you look at what was going on in China in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Mike Lamach: Jeff, I think the key to simple and you are relative to the guidance we just gave you and we feel like it is achievable, and so we baked in all that we know at this point, and I am not feeling or seeing anything different that would move us away from our guidance there.
Mike Lamach: We haven't seen the flatness yet in orders, but I would tell you that the trending is looking positive. And when I was answering Bob's question, when we were trying to call a bottom here, it would appear that we're reaching an inflection point in orders, and that's not along slight slip for us. Typically that's going to be usually within a quarter, but a little bit might slip four months, from initial order, but relatively quick turnaround. Applied, we had plants in China, certain of our compressor plants were 100% wide open full capacity. Phenomenal activity going through those plants, both in terms of orders, ships, and obviously the activity going through the component plants applying those were strong as well. So that was a real positive for us.
Mike Lamach: Yeah. So applied, much closer to breakeven at this, okay, than unitary, ahead of unitary. Unitary would be kind of high single-digit negative applied approaching low single-digit, okay.
Mike Lamach: One of the things is that the contracting and service business, which for us large turnkey contracts or performance contracts are way up. And that sort of demand creation where you pull through your own equipment, so that's actually playing through, now too, so big contracts that we would have booked are pulling through activity in the plants. These performance contracts are typically going to be applied projects, and that's what you're seeing I think coming through at this point. 
Mike Lamach: Yes, Steve, it's not quite that way because again, if it's a 10 plus year-old chilled water plant we're going to be able to go in and if the customer is willing to do a performance contract, pay overtime savings, we're going to be able to find an opportunity for the customer to get what they want. A real big opportunity would be if administration were to put in effect, let's say a chiller in the residential program, a commercial program for energy efficient buildings, I think that would make these paybacks even sharper and create even more demand, so that would be an opportunity. 
Mike Lamach: We would expect similar to what ASD talked about in the past and through all the work we've been doing around this re-footprinting work to get significant leverage off of that business similar to what we look for any other business. We're looking for the same couple of points of margin growth per year for multiple years here that we would in any of our businesses. So when we said, hey, this is a 14% to 16% business in the long run, I guess the hold that accountable to that, you ought to be looking for a couple of points of margin growth every year, clearly volume would make that happen faster for us. 
Mike Lamach: Our guidance this year includes all of the footprinting work and restructuring we have done this year for sure, absolutely. 
Steve Shawley: Dave, I think it's more the macro concern. Typically our order backlog is maybe three months. We only have several product lines that go out for maybe six, but it's very, very small percentage of our portfolio. I think when you look at this and still to quote our Fed chairman the other day, uncertainty in the markets, even if you look at the sequential bookings and revenues within month-to-month in the quarter, that you see those moves happening. 
Steve Shawley: I think, if you look at the breakdown, $150-ish million plus $140-ish plus, so $300 million of the total is in the first half.
Steve Shawley: Yeah, first on the pricing side, a couple of quarters ago, remember we started introducing something called top line margin expansion with an initiative to raise pricing systematically, program office, external resources and internal resources to focus on that.  And felt like we would be seeing that late this year, some benefit late in the year in that regard, and so as you look into Q3 and Q4 there is a higher pricing expectation where the initial actions begin to come through in the marketplace. Sequentially from quarter one to quarter two relative to price, we improved slightly Q2 to Q1. I mean, Q1 was really flat. It was a 10 basis points decline. Q3 we picked it up modestly, you know, and maybe 60 basis points price improvement happening there, but we're also factoring in that we're looking at the possibility of higher inflation in Q3 and Q4. 
Steve Shawley: Eli, if you look at where we thought we were going to be in the second quarter, just kind of focus on that and kind of take it from the guidance in the second quarter by the pieces, what Mike just went through in pricing wound up our pricing wound up to be a little bit unfavorable. So where we thought we were going into the quarter. That's offset by the fact that inflation was less than we expected simply because we didn't see the increase in certain commodities like steel and others that we had forecasted at that point. So in fact, what happened was the favorable inflation we saw in the quarter relative to our guidance was slightly offset by price, so net between price and inflation we probably picked up a penny of improvement. Then you look at you talked about the inefficiencies, but we also were pleasantly surprised with the pull through on the additional volume relative to what we expect it to be in the second quarter. So those are the big pieces. 
Steve Shawley: Yeah. I think the HRI data says that. We agree. I think it's a lot of the new product introductions. We have the new 13 Tier product out, launching now, the 14 Tier product and sort of the new furnace products are in place, so I think that the pipeline is really starting to matter here. 
Steve Shawley: No. We think that that's going to be a pretty steady perennial sort of around 20% OI business for us.
Steve Shawley: Yeah, they sure did, Bob. Quite frankly, we were also a little bit surprised because we saw some pickup in the Thermo King business in Europe, and it is one of the other wildcards here as what's happening in Europe, and some of our businesses we actually saw some up ticks in June.
Steve Shawley: Well, usually lead a little bit, Bob, so that's why I would say those are good trends for us relative to commercial activity, but that typically for three to six-month lag…
Steve Shawley: No. I think that Thermo King has been very profitable throughout this. In fact, if you look back at 2009 one of the things that really kind of under pinned what was happening is the fact that Thermo King looked a lot like security technologies in 2009, held their head up through that recession, so you didn't get that big of a pop at Thermo King.
Steve Shawley: On the volume, didn't see much upside, but we fixed that and we have gone out and made sure that pricing discipline is in place with the quotations that we have out there, and quite frankly some of the leakage we saw in the first quarter was pretty well cleaned up in the second. Our challenge is going to be turning positive in the third.
