Janet Pfeffer - Vice President: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Ingersoll-Rand's Fourth Quarter 2015 Conference Call. We released earnings this morning at 6:30 and the release is posted on our website. We'll be broadcasting in addition to this phone call through our website at ingersollrand.com, where you'll also find the slide presentation that we'll be using this morning. If you'd please go to slide two. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to vary from anticipated. We're also using non-GAAP measures in this call, and they are explained in the financial tables attached to our news release. So now, to introduce the participants in this morning's call: Mike Lamach, Chairman and CEO; Sue Carter, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Joe Fimbianti, Director of Investor Relations. With that, please go to slide 3, and I'll turn it over to Mike.
Janet Pfeffer - Vice President: Late October, we said we had spent I think $233 million and $250 million by the end of October, yes.
Janet Pfeffer - Vice President: Thank you, operator. One thing I wanted to just clarify – I was a little far away from the mic. And so, on share repurchase, we completed the $250 million buy in the fourth quarter. $233 million of it was completed as of the end of September, the remainder completed out and settled in October. Just so to avoid some folks, any confusion on that, I wanted to clarify that. And Joe and I will be around for your follow-up questions today. Everybody, have a good day. Thank you.
Susan K. Carter: So, Steve, good morning, first of all. As we start to look at the first quarter bridge that you can actually see in the slides, what we're looking at is we've got restructuring costs that are in the first quarter. Our operating results are really going to be in the range of – and this includes the restructuring – negative $0.01 to a positive $0.04. We've got a little bit of lower share count. But when you think about what's happening in the headwinds, the first quarter is going to be part of that currency headwind that we talked about, particularly on the Industrial business. And the revenues we expect in the first quarter and margins for Industrial, we expect to be even lower than where we ended the year. So in other words, we're looking at a low revenue base. We're looking at headwinds from currency. And so, I think the first quarter is just going to be a tough compares and then I think we get better as we go through the remainder of the year.
Susan K. Carter: So, Julian, as we think about where Climate is going to go in 2016, I think you're right. You hit some of the high points. So we still see the continued trends in what we talked about in terms of Commercial HVAC in the Americas being strong, in EMEA being up, but on the Asia side being down a little bit. We called Residential up mid-single digits. You also have the factors of Latin America as part of the business. And while you have some growth in those sides, you've also got the transport revenues being flat in 2016. So I think it's all of those mix pieces could strengthen on the commercial side in North America and Europe, a little down on the Asia side, flat Transport, down on Latin America and good mid-single digit growth in Res.
Susan K. Carter: We are. Again, you're absolutely right with we ended the fourth quarter with 30 basis points and full year 2015 at 30 basis points to 40 basis points. For 2016, we're going to expect a 30 basis point to 40 basis point range for that gap or that spread between price and direct material inflation. You do have higher material deflation numbers. As you'll recall, we had inflation in the first and second quarters of 2015, so you do get a lift out of that. But I think as we think about the push and take between price and direct material inflation, we think all-in-all it's going to come back to about that same 30 basis point to 40 basis point range in 2016 is what we saw. One of the other points, and you didn't ask this but I think it's relevant when we're having this discussion about price and direct material inflation, when we think about the differences between Climate and the Industrial businesses, the largest pieces of the benefit on material deflation do go to the Climate business. There is some and there still is a positive spread in the Industrial businesses, but it's much less than what you would see in Climate. And so as you're trying to compare year-over-year, you also don't have that nice benefit coming out of commodities and the direct material deflation on the Industrial side.
Susan K. Carter: Sure. So, we were probably a little conservative on the 24% to 25% effective tax rate guidance for 2016. I think that when you think about the IRS settlement, what the IRS settlement really does is it takes the risk profile off the company and it puts to bed all of the issues around intercompany debt and any issues that would have been in the 2001, 2002 through 2011 range. But what it really doesn't do is it doesn't really affect the overall effective tax rate. So, what you have to do in order to make that tax rate move is you have to continue to refine your strategy. Now, having all of those issues off the table certainly does give you an opportunity. And we are certainly involved in looking at that strategy in terms of the different areas that we're looking at. So, we have a good trading hub that is in Europe. We're looking at Asia and Panama for trading hubs. We're looking at all of our intercompany debt and making sure that we're as balanced as we go into 2016 as we would like to be. But we do also have a slight headwind, if you will, on tax rate. And that is, when you look around the globe and you think about our revenue growth in 2016, the areas that are growing the most are in North America, which does pressure the tax rate. So, that's a long way around saying we absolutely have a goal of looking at every opportunity to bring that rate down. We're still going to be just as conscientious about the items we take on as we've always been. But I do think we'll see some opportunities in 2016. We'll continue to work that strategy and continue to communicate. But like I say, it's also a good thing that we have a little pressure on that rate coming out of the North America growth.
Susan K. Carter: Well, so it's not really rounding, but as we look at corporate expenses and – so, if you think back at 2015, where we started the year with our guidance was about $235 million, may sound familiar, and we ended the year at $210 million on the corporate side. When we look at 2016, we took a lot of discretionary spend out of 2015. There are some investments that we need to continue to make around our IT infrastructure, around cyber security. And we also have on the corporate side. So, we talked about pension in total for Ingersoll-Rand being about flat year-over-year. However, with a lot of puts and takes in the elements of pension, pension is a little higher on the corporate side in 2016. So it's not just rounding, it's not just putting things back in, but I'll also tell you that we're going to be very conscientious about what that spend is and in looking at not getting ahead of ourselves on any spend before we see what's going to happen in the different markets. So, it's a long way of saying that the $230 million, $235 million range is a lot more normal than $210 million but we're going to watch it closely and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that the money is spent very well and to the level that we need to.
Susan K. Carter: And, Steve, just to add on to what Mike said on the Industrial side, when I step back and think about Industrial, I kind of think about three big buckets that impacted that. Again, no excuses, the decrementals need to be at the same level as the incrementals when we go forward. But Industrial has an outsized impact from foreign exchange. So, over 50% of their revenues are impacted or they're non-U.S. and are impacted by foreign exchange. So, you have that headwind going against them. We do have the amortization from the accounting on the acquisition of Cameron. Again, took that on. You knew we took that on, but it does impact what we're looking at in 2015. And then, as I pointed out earlier, when you think about they don't get the benefit or the big benefit coming out of direct material deflation with commodity prices because that's just not how that segment works, the air business gets the benefit out of some of that but the other businesses within the segment do not. And so, when you say you've got outsized foreign exchange, less direct material deflation, and we put an acquisition in there with some additional amortization, so I'd think about that in the total inflation, too.
Susan K. Carter: Right. And so, let's talk about the ECC business for just a little bit. And so, I think the overarching point that we wanted to make when we were talking about that business is that it was EBITDA and EPS accretive, which is where we had hoped to go. However, I would say that as you look at that business from the time that we looked at the acquisition until we completed 2015, I would say that that roadmap, just like we talked about with the entire company, has a few different components. So if you think about the revenue side of that business, you certainly have the four components of the business with the plant, air side of the business being really hit by the weakened Industrial markets, and so that book and turn business definitely took a downturn in 2015. You also have tough markets with oil prices. So on the processed gas side and on the engineered air side, you got fewer projects. You've got the same number of competitors, and so you've got some tough markets there. Then, you've got an aftermarket, which is an opportunity. Having said all of that, what we did with the business in 2015 with a top line that wasn't perhaps as strong as what we wanted is we accelerated some of the synergies in the business and, in fact, overdrove the operating synergies – not revenue synergies, but the operating synergies in the business. And we're going to continue to do that. So, the point wasn't that it's operating exactly as we would have called it a year ago. But I think as we look to the business and what we were going to do with it, we ended up with a pretty good result on the acquisition.
Susan K. Carter: Okay, sorry. We were joining in on the response in the room and I apologize for that. So we did do the $250 million in the fourth quarter. We talked about that roughly in the third quarter call. And then we had a separate 10b5-1 program that repurchased $250 million in January.
Susan K. Carter: That's right. So, yeah. So what happened there, Jeff, so you're absolutely right. At the time we released earnings for the third quarter, which would have been the third week in October, we had not settled out the entire $250 million. So there was a little bit of leakage that was over into the remainder, but it was an October event. So in other words, we were announcing that we had gone into the market just like we are now. We're not talking about the first quarter, but in the first quarter we repurchased the $250 million, we had repurchased $233 million in October and the total was $250 million for the fourth quarter.
Susan K. Carter: And to your question on the full year of 2015, so the overall operating margins were down 140 basis points. And the math would work out roughly the same if you took out the foreign exchange and the acquisitions, that that would be the majority of what the decrement was in the overall operating margin percentage.
Susan K. Carter: No, the Hussmann result in the fourth quarter were fairly normal with what they've been throughout 2015. So that really didn't have an impact. It was right on where we would have guided at the end of October.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, I think, Steve, when you go back to 2009, we've been really consistent about particularly the factory footprint, and that's at a place right now where I think it's very productive, it's well utilized. And when we looked at ideas around us coming into 2016, paybacks were in the range of, say, five years to eight years, which is just outside the range of what we thought in this environment was doable. That being said, when you look at areas of the business particularly around Compression Technologies, there is restructuring taking place there. And largely, it's in the areas of head count and things that we can do on a non-qualified way. So, tremendous focus on both corporate and costs within each of the businesses. So, there is a sort of drumbeat over time of doing that, but it's an effective and efficient – relatively effective and efficient footprint. One of the things that we find is the better we've gotten at lean, the further we've gotten into that, the longer and harder it is to get a payback on a closure, which is a good thing. So we remain I think open-minded, Steve. If in fact things deteriorated further, if in fact we saw an opportunity, we certainly would look at that. We'll keep an open mind on that. But rather than putting a big placeholder out there with no specifics, we wanted to just keep it to the known actions and the announcements that we've made internally inside the company to this point.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Nigel, listen, again, I'll pick it up from the point of Steve, this is where investments would be metered down. A lot of investments we're making are not only in product but in channel, and also letting attrition at times work for you. So, we will continue to work that down. We certainly have a plan to sustain a lower revenue outlook if we see that. It's baked within the guidance we've provided – the range that we've provided. And our focus really is on the Industrial segment and it's fundamentally on the Compression Technologies piece. Todd's all over it. He's well into several months now into the role. I think he's got his eyes wide open around the opportunities. He's optimistic around what he's doing and I've got confidence in Todd and the team that they've got the plans hardwired for lots of different scenarios at this point.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I think the surprise in the fourth quarter, at least to me, was the strength that we had both in applied and unitary in North America. We had double-digit applied bookings in the fourth quarter and we had mid-teens booking in unitary in the fourth quarter. So as a backdrop going into the first half of the year, it feels like we've at least got enough out there for us to see in terms of visibility to see that. Also, we had really good service growth, kind of high-single-digit growth in services. And controls was up nearly double digits there. So, it feels like we've caught a little bit of a lift in terms of institutional markets. Commercial hasn't turned down fully, that's why we're seeing good unitary, although some unitary spills into K-to-12 as well. So, that continues. And then, as you'd expect, just the investments in the service network and service footprint have been good for us. So, it's a pretty good backdrop from the fourth quarter going into the first part of the year.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah. Julian, Residential, if you look at the peer group, we're right at the top of the pack in terms of profitability. I think it's a point often lost on investors is the amount of margin improvement that we've had at Residential business. So good Residential growth is good for us. It's fine. On the Transport side, if you look at Transport North America trailer, the industry being down 10%, our guidance embeds more of a 15% decline. We look at APUs, we had good growth for the year, we had 16% growth in APUs over the full year. We had good growth in bookings in the fourth quarter. We've got a strategy for a higher attachment rate to non-refrigerated trailers, about a 3 to 1 ratio; if we sell three APUs, that's equal to one North American trailer. So there is, between APU and some of the air businesses and other businesses that we have within TK, the ability to offset that decline. And then I'd point you back to the fact that European trailer was up nicely and, as that moves up, that's actually even more helpful than North American trailer. So net-net, we're good. Actually, what's down for us pretty big is container. We had a big year last year in container. Container is soft, the market in general. We're against a tough comp. But container is an area where, frankly, less container is helpful on the mix. So net-net, we think we can grow margins.
Michael W. Lamach: Really, David, the strategy for us has been to look at all the SBU's core businesses across all markets. And so there's a pipeline that would reflect all that from that perspective. There are two fundamental areas that we see for investment. One is channel. We continue to see opportunities, whether it's geographically outside the U.S. for channel or even in the U.S. in terms of buying back commercial distribution. That's a continued emphasis for us. We also find that when we can take a product, it might be a technology that we don't have, and sell it through our existing channel, particularly on the Trane Commercial side, we do very, very well with that. So obviously it's more attractive if you're buying anything that's (38:21) outside the U.S. And so we're pretty active looking outside the U.S. for a lot of that, which can be then modified and brought into the U.S. with different power requirements and different efficiency ratings, but some of the technologies can be applied. So we're seeing an active pipeline there as well.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, probably, David, truthfully that would only get us into trouble I think by doing a big breadbasket estimates. I think that you can look at where we would end the year in terms of ratios. In terms of EBITDA to debt, we end the year around the 2.4 times range. There's obviously some capacity with some of the current debt rating. We've got the cash. We talked about in the call the $675 million that's unidentified. So, there is an opportunity to do something a little bit larger. But what we're generally seeing though are small- to mid-sized deals that just make great economic sense.
Michael W. Lamach: David, if you take the run rate plus the pension, you're right, there was a little bit of gap there which we would normally apply to things like IT infrastructure and security that we're on a program too to refresh. But, look, if the markets turn down, we would just look to pull back from a discretionary standpoint in other areas in corporate. So, there's a little bit of flex in it that we would take if the markets are a little bit rougher than we think.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Steve, look, a great of example of that was what happened within Compression Technologies. If you take the legacy business, it ran almost flat on much lower volume. So, a great example of that. That was a extraordinary effort by that team to really pull all the stops out on productivity and discretionary spending and really to win in the marketplace. It's a little bit tough to compare comps against competition. Typically, it's denominated in different currencies. But we did fairly well there on the product and service side of the business. So, that's a great example. I would say that where we try to leverage it in the gross range of 25% and 30%, we're certainly looking to deleverage within the gross margin range but not to exceed 25% to 30%. So, that would be sort of the essence of that. It's going to depend a bit on the business. I mean, TK has fundamentally, I think, more opportunity. It doesn't leverage up nearly as high as people think, it doesn't deleverage nearly as poorly as people think, largely because the distribution base of that business is independent. And so, we're really turning on and off sort of factory production and we got very flexible plants and labor forces that work with us on that. So, a great example is TK, where we would look to certainly work inside of normal margins in that business.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, both businesses in the fourth quarter are positive-priced, which is pretty outstanding, frankly, across-the-board, and that's with pressure in Climate in Asia and of course with Industrial pressure all over the world, still able to get price in that business. So, we're still seeing positive price albeit it's pretty thin in the quarter. So that's, I think, a good indicator of sort of pricing power and just sort of the pricing structure within the industry holds pretty well through tougher times.
Michael W. Lamach: Jeff, I'll start and then I'll let Sue finish. But what I think a lot of folks don't recognize when we talk about Industrial is impact that material handling and tools would have. Material handling is really exclusively oil and gas for us. It's 7% (50:34) of that segment has been hit incredibly hard. And, frankly, the tools business was hit very hard by that business as well. Highest-margin businesses in the portfolio. And so when those go down, you feel it. It's a substantial headwind buried inside the segment numbers that's independent of what's happening with Cameron or Compression in general. The other thing, if you go back to Compression Technologies specifically is we do very well from a margin perspective historically in Asia and in Latin America. And so from a mix perspective, when those markets are down, and they've been absolutely clobbered, we feel that as well from a mix perspective.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Jeff, too, lots maybe in this is really strong execution here by the team integrating it. It'll turn out that the synergy in this thing will be about 15% of Cameron's revenues. So, that's double the synergies we thought we would have, which is a good thing because, obviously, the top line is much weaker and that's the reason it's still accretive from cash EPS perspective in the year.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, clearly we're seeing more that's not so much new construction and repair, it's largely new construction and replacement. And so we're moving back now towards replacement. Replacement is a very good place for us. We've got really good shares there as compared to new construction where shares are lower. So when the market moves toward replacement, we generally do much better and you saw that in the high-teens bookings in the fourth quarter and the overall good performance that we had in 2015, where we had really excellent performance in 2015.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, China, it's still rough. We're not seeing great progress in China in either business. Having said that, we're somewhat in a trough and we didn't see it really dip further in the quarter in quarter four. We saw great strength outside of China, so Singapore, Thailand, India, really sort of...
Michael W. Lamach: ...Hong Kong, kind of made the day for us relative to Asia. So, nice to see those markets finally recovering on that front. VRF continues to do very well for us, continues to grow at or above the pace of our unitary business. And we continue to have a very high share in North America, parts of South America in the VRF business. And I think, as you know, we don't play a big role outside of those territories, we play a small role in China largely in commercial VRF or in hybrid systems.
Michael W. Lamach: It's split about 50/50 in 2015. It was about 1 point both. So, translational and transactional would have been about 1 point and acquisitions would have been about 1 point of headwind.
Michael W. Lamach: No acquisition headwind because everything based on the calendar, it was all a 2015 start and finish. So there's nothing there. On the FX side, it's going to be, again, a pretty tough row to hoe, probably 4 points of headwind coming into revenues and we'd see normal leverage against that. So it's probably 30 basis points, 40 basis points coming at us on that front.
Michael W. Lamach: So the material handling piece, Shannon, probably hit for 1.5 points, maybe up to 2 points right there. So I think really an underestimation as to what the impact would be across the segment of the material handling business. So add 1.5 points there. I figure currency at least stops moving against us at some point and flattens out. That's going to be helpful to us. And then any volume we see there, we'd be leveraging that at 30%, 35% on that front. So there's been very soft productivity in that business, as I mentioned, particularly as it relates to the integration, that work in the back half, work, once we saw the revenue outlook deteriorates through 2015. So, it's not a productivity issue. It's, again, if you look at a business like material handling, a small business with that sort of an impact – you look at currency, which they get not only translation but there's a much larger transactional component there, where it doesn't make sense for us to have too many factories at the machining and so on and so forth, so if you're putting those in the wrong part of the world it's hard to move those and you're going to absorb some of that headwind for a while.
Michael W. Lamach: Hey, listen, I think that we'll update you when we're together for the Analyst Meeting, Todd will sit again (1:01:49) in that seat and give you a point of view on that. And then Robert Zafari will clearly tell you kind of the other pieces of this as well, which have material impact as they're very high-margin businesses.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, you look at 2009 when we saw customers abandoning equipments, shutting plants, we're not seeing that in 2015, we're not likely to see it in 2016. We're seeing customers that are just reducing CapEx. So, you're not seeing large machines as an example. Now, large machines, both Cameron and existing Ingersoll-Rand, were about 10% of the total business. Now, we'll see parts and service probably in the mid- to high-single-digit range next year as these older systems need to be maintained and serviced. We even saw that begin to materialize in the back half of 2015. So again, 10% of the Compression Technology business being big machines, 45-ish percent being services. And then remember, too, you got Club Car, the tools and the fluid business which should be a tailwind. However, material handling will continue to be a headwind again going into 2016 there. So, net that all out and the best view we have is that that math works to about negative 1 to 1.
Michael W. Lamach: We'll look at what you're talking about, though, and follow back up if there's more to that question.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Josh, no doubt we're going to see weaker big machine revenues. That's forecast into what we're doing. What we found here as an operator of the business is that the pricing in March in some of that big stuff is not very good. It's really around the service and longevity of those systems over time as opposed to sort of the impact on sale in the quarter and delivery. So really, what we need to make up there in the weakness is service, parts. And in some of the smaller machines including oil-free and segments of the market that will continue to grow like pharmaceutical, food and beverage end markets where it's more consumer-driven, say, than it would be through heavy industry.
