Vikram Kini: Thank you and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2020 third quarter earnings call. I'm Vik Kini, Ingersoll Rand's Chief Financial Officer and with me today is Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer. Our earnings release which was issued yesterday and a supplemental presentation, which will be referenced during the call are both available on the Investor Relations' section of our website, www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today. Before we get started, I want to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you should read in conjunction with information provided on this call. Please review the forward-looking statements on Slide 2 for more details. In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our earnings release, which are both available on the Investor Relations' section of our website. Turning to Slide 3, on today's call we will provide an update on the integration efforts of the company, as well as review our third quarter and total company and segment highlights. We will conclude today's call with the Q&A session. We ask that each caller keep to one question and one follow-up to allow for enough time for other participants. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the Vicente.
Vikram Kini: Yeah and hey, Julian, this is Vik, I'll start with that and let Vicente weigh in as well. You're absolutely right, I think Q3 was an extremely strong quarter for all the reasons you mentioned. I think as we think forward, as we look into Q4 as we mentioned, we don't expect the sequential, you know, incrementals still to look quite as strong. You know, our view as we look kind of forward and frankly even looking to 2021 is that, we think that you know, normalized incrementals kind of across the portfolio on a base level should play in that 30% to 35% range without using some upside opportunity for the synergy extraction. Remember, there are some cost normalization and things of that nature that will continue to kind of unfold as we move into 2021 as we mentioned, but I think, you know, 30% to 35% is probably a good base level to use with some upside opportunity as synergy start to materialize into 2021 and thereafter.
Vikram Kini: Yeah, and Julian on the second piece in terms of some of the moving components and kind of what we've spent thus far from a free cash flow perspective, specifically on the synergy and stand-up costs. In the first half of the year, we had about $80 million between the first and second quarter of cash outflows. And then you could see in Q3, we had about $26 million. So you've had a little over $100 million of cash outflows thus far, specifically for synergy and stand-up related spend through the first three quarters. And we will expect right now that Q4 should look comparable to what you saw in Q3 as we've guided before. So I can kind of give you an idea of kind of just the - I call it one-time of really the synergy and stand-up related spend that has flowed through free cash flow.
Vikram Kini: Yeah, sure, Jeff, this is Vik, I'll take that one. You're absolutely right, we've been pretty pleased with how we've been actually able to execute on the synergy funnel at this point in time. As we mentioned, I don't think that, you know, frankly, the COVID environment has really prevented us from executing on the funnel, we started with frankly, a lot of the activities particularly on the structural side, and I'd say the beginning phases of the procurement, frankly, before the merger, even, you know, was really completed. So that's really been able to accelerate what we've been able to see. And you've seen that we've actually sequentially every quarter, we've even accelerated the cadence, including now where we're saying about 40% of the savings to be delivered here in 2020, 70% by next year, and then 85% by the year thereafter, which is considerably, I'd say, you know, stead-up compared to what our original expectations are. So I'd say at this point in time continuing to kind of move forward, I don't think the COVID environment has dramatically stopped things, we didn't found ways to do things like i2V and workshops and teardowns in a virtual manner, not how we planned it originally, but still being able to execute. And then in terms of the larger funnel, you know, in excess of $350 million, I did a complexion to your point, it's still largely the same, really what the ahead of us here is much more direct material-oriented savings as well as footprint. And as we mentioned, the direct material side does have a big component that's obviously tied to the volume equation, which as Vicente mentioned, as we get better visibility to 2021 and thereafter, I think we'll be able to give an update accordingly. And the footprint fees largely have not changed, I'd say that's the piece that clearly in this environment by a little bit more difficult to execute on. The good news is the funnel is continuing to progress quite nicely. And we'd always plan to be executing on that footprint, funnel really into 2021 and 2022, nothing's really changed in that manner. So I'd say we're still pleased with how things are progressing and we've largely accelerated what's within our control.
Vikram Kini: Jeff, I think the good - I mean, we're encouraged in terms of how we're seeing the conversations with the customers. I mean, obviously we spoke earlier in the year on how things were kind of slow. But we are seeing some pretty good momentum among some of these kind of non-cycle businesses that require some very large capital investment. So we're encouraged with the conversations that our teams are having it. We saw also some of that here in second quarter. And you know, we always said that the fourth quarter, it's a - is a quarter where we expect a lot of these kind of orders to get closed and built into the orders. So at least we're encouraged with that. And that was a little bit of a commentary I made about, you know, going into 2021, that we're at least are positive in terms of the backlog that we have coming into the year with these businesses and obviously more encouraged about how our teams are pursuing, you know, more aggressively, a lot of these kind of large investments that are accounted and freed up.
Vikram Kini: You know, Nigel, so definitely a good amount of temporary, but I mean, I would say similar in nature to what we have done, if we remember, I mean, the HPS is a business that even back in the second half of last year, we started to restructuring and the business was really different from a footprint perspective and also from the capital investment that we have done. So I think we're encouraged with what the team had been able to rapidly adjust. And I think that is really encouraging as we see similar kind of comeback that we're seeing in the market.
Vikram Kini: No. So, Steve, I think the way we were thinking about it is, that was kind of more of a longer-term into 2021. From a fourth quarter perspective and if you look year-over-year, I think in our prepared commentary, obviously, we're still going to see a, you know, a, you know, a challenge view versus prior year. We mentioned that decrementals should be lower than 30%. And frankly, we would expect be able to control it, you know, frankly, lower than that level, bringing to more in line with probably levels you saw in the 2Q realm or slightly better, clearly not as well as Q3, which was at 6%. Clearly a lot of, you know, good tailwinds in some of the margin mix items we talked about, but I think Q4, specifically, continue to see decrementals well below 30%. So I think as we look further out and I hope that the business turns to more of a growth mode that was kind of the comment as we look ahead.
Vikram Kini: Sure, David. I'll start kind of inverse order. On the head with Precision and Science, we did definitely have a I'd say an elevated Medical backlog that we were really leveraging through second quarter and third quarter and largely kind of shipping through here as it gets in the beginning of the fourth quarter and the Medical piece definitely has a little bit of a margin upside comparatively speaking. So it's not to say that the balance of the Precision and Science, it's actually healthy margins, it's just not quite at those Medical COVID related orders. So again, that'll normalize here at the end of the fourth quarter and into 2021. On the IT&S side, it's actually not dramatically different, you know, each project is a little bit unique. But I would say that the margin profile is actually kind of comparable to what you see on the typically shorter cycle Compressors or Blower and Vacuum equipment. And you know, as such, I would say that Q4 margin profile should be comfortable to what you saw on Q3, it's project by project, a little bit different. But I think in totality, it's relatively comparable, especially given the momentum we've seen on margins across the balance of the short cycle.
Vikram Kini: You know, Joe, I'll take that one. This is Vik. I would say that, you know, probably I was all talking about 80%, roughly speaking, is probably shorter cycle, kind of typical standard air compressor, blower, vacuum, power tools and equipment, you know, 15% to 20%, somewhere in that range is probably a little bit more tied to the longer cycle components. So things around the larger centrifugal compressors as well as things like the Nash/Garo kind of vacuum, liquid ring, pump and compressor business. So that's probably a pretty good indication.
Vikram Kini: Yeah, John, you know, most - we don't have that many distributors that will stop a lot of our compressors. And our exposure to the kind of smaller reciprocating compressors that basically kind of will be, maybe the Do-It-Yourself or we also don't play on that. So I will say inventory levels are definitely not seen by anybody who kind of stocking anything.
Vikram Kini: Sure, John, I'll take that one. So you know, I think in terms of, as we said, you know, the, whether it'd be Canada, the restructuring or acquisition related items, you can see that, you know, the large majority of the purchase accounting items have led themselves through. So again, you saw that dramatically decreased from Q2 to Q3. And I think with regard to some of the restructuring items, you'll see, you know, those are normal thing so that as we move into 2021, and we still do have, you know, restructuring the footprint optimization and things like that ahead of us. In terms of the trade name item, you're correct, we did have a small trade name impairment specific to the Power Tools and Lifting unit within the IT&S segment. Very discrete and so just a reflection of some of the revenue declines that we've seen in the Power Tools and Lifting that's specifically on the trade name side. So again, I would say that was one-time in nature. You know, as we look forward, we would expect that the nature of adjustments be very comparable to kind of directory you've seen with regards to restructuring and some of the normal course adjustments, but no other large adjustments of exact nature, no, we wouldn't expect those, those are very discrete and unique in terms of what you see to the first two or three quarters this year.
Vikram Kini: Sure, Ivana. Yeah, our Q3 was obviously exceptionally strong margin performance, really driven by kind of two main factors, one being the consumer piece, second being the aftermarket piece. So I think the mix, frankly, was the single biggest driver, consumer, as we've spoken about before, is the highest margin profile component of the entire portfolio. And more and frankly, aftermarket is right there with it. So when that consumed - you know, when that comprises a healthier component of the mix, you can see kind of the margin profile that goes with it. And then we've obviously done a lot with regards to i2V, you know, self-help IRX initiatives which you're seeing kind of play themselves out. I think, as we think about Q4, and as we mentioned, again, consumers still expect to be strong, but this becomes a very typical, very strong golf shipment quarter. And golf just does frankly, have a slightly lower margin profile comparatively speaking to the consumer end and the aftermarket components. So again, we would see, expect to see that kind of margin profile normalize a little bit, but that's really mix-driven, but even then, you're going to see, you know, meaningful margin expansion year-over-year. So again, we're quite pleased with kind of how the team is executing both on the self-help productivity side, as well as just frankly at the top lines of the equation.
Vikram Kini: Sure. So you know, we don't break down necessarily the sub components of the portfolio, but let's just say that, I think that the, you know, as we'd historically said, the Compressor, Blower and Vacuum Components actually all have I'd say fairly comparable margin profile. While there tends to be a little bit of mix between the original equipment and aftermarket, what you can expect here is though, Compressors tend to have a higher aftermarket component, which tends to be a little bit healthier margin, and as such to the Compressor, Blower, Vacuum piece tends to be a little bit healthier. Clearly, components of portfolio like Power Tools tend to be a lower margin profile. We've said that before, but I think we're quite encouraged by the steps between that taken Vicente mentioned at the prepared remarks, you know, 270 basis points of sequential improvement as we move from Q2 to Q3. I think in terms of medium to longer-term targets, like we said, we feel very good about where the profile of the total segment is, kind of reaching that mid-20s range. You know, I think that's, you know, frankly want to see kind of those levels, and we have frankly a lot of opportunity with regards to the synergy execution and things like that, that are going to kind of start delivered in 2021 onwards. So, again, we haven't put a formal as a target, nor have we put a cap on it. But I think we're encouraged by what we're seeing. And yes, we would frankly also expect that the core component of the portfolio of Compressors, Blowers and Vacuums to have a higher margin profile in the balance.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Julian I think we would expect to be greater than or equal to 100% of adjusted net income on a free cash flow perspective. I think what we're excited about is that, yes, you have seen that there are some very good momentum on the free cash generation. And the most important piece here is that, we still feel we have plenty of levers for us to improve. You know, what, you know, clearly one that we just talked about here is, how we're rallying up, all 16,000 employee owners in the company, are on their working capital, as a percentage of sales and how we believe we can unlock good amount of cash by getting everyone focused on that perspective as we did with the Garner Denver in the past, and then all the levers such as, you know, tax or tax rates that we spoke a lot about that, you know, that's also offering a good meaningful opportunity. And so I think, you know, the regarding this year, Julian is that we still have more employment opportunities.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Mike you know, clearly, you know, we're now in the midst of that cycle of kind of getting with the teams to do through our budget cycle for 2021. And this is part of our process. And as we completed our strategic plans a couple of months ago, you know, well we don't have full visibility. I mean, we like what we see from the macro indicators, BMI, Exane, I mean, across the world showing some continual gradual improvement. So we're encouraged about this. But, you know, we know that there's some uncertainties that with COVID in many other global markets and lockdowns. I think the most important thing for me to highlight here, and we're highlighting with the team is that, you know, I believe that we have been able to demonstrate how we're able to adjust and adapt to whatever environment looks like, and you can see that from the down market and how we have controlled our decrementals very well at the same time while investing. So I think, you know, I you know, the way that we're working with the teams is, you know, have a perspective in terms of good, gradual, continuous sequential, nothing, but more important, making sure that we're making the right investments while controlling, you know, the cost and continue improvements in our company. I would say to you as well, maybe, Mike to add to that is, you know, right now we feel good about kind of the backlog in terms of our long cycle businesses like you know, like we have, you know with our large Compressors or some of our larger Vacuum businesses and also with the Specialty Vehicles, I mean, they have a very solid backlog too as well heading into 2021. So, at least at this point in time, I mean, we're going to be working with the teams under budgets and building as we kind of outlook for 2021 with a high level of just flexibility.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Mike I think this is, as you saw, you know, we got our three phases and you know, we spoke a lot openly about our kind of phase three or portfolio optionality that gives us you know, plenty of opportunity for us to evaluate that, and that is equal on both sides, as you said, you know optionality on potential debt securities, but at the same time on the M&A, and the M&A, I tell you the formula is very, very active. We're very excited with Albin, that acquisition that we just made, you know, a lot of these acquisitions as well, I think the interesting thing is that, we continue to source those ourselves and the things that we're finding that being proactive and working with a lot of these companies, in our relationships is really unlocking opportunity to be able to be more prudent and discipline in terms of multiples that we paid. So I think the M&A funnel is very, very active. And we're really excited about what we have ahead of us in that case.
Vicente Reynal: Not at this point, I would say, Mike, I mean, because we see very good opportunities for us in the M&A. And you have seen how we're able to, you know, from a pre and post multiple reviews that pulls multiple synergy dramatically. So we just see just greater payback right now on the M&A.
Vicente Reynal: We think so - we think, Nigel, I mean, we're being kind of thoughtful and prudent from the perspective only just because you never know what's going to happen on some of the holidays here after Thanksgiving and into the Christmas. But based on you know, fleet count continues to increase sequentially, our order rates continue to increase. So now, you know, year-over-year, as we pointed out in the first week of October, we're bound only 30% to 35%, which those are encouraging. And but we still also feel that the pent-up demand has not come through. So I think that's also a highly encouraging, I would say.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, no, good, good, good question, Nigel. I would say that, you know, the big service business that we have is really mainly, I would say, mostly in the US and Europe, where we mostly in many cases, we'll go direct. We saw the good sequential improvement through the quarter. And what we have seen is that, you know, aftermarket and services all done holistically, is roughly 2 times better than the whole goods so then to complete. So I wouldn't call it as a massive pent up demand. I'll just say kind of more gradual improvement as people are kind of getting and opening the locations do allows us to go on and kind of go in, but nothing dramatic. Just good gradual improvement. Yeah, sure -
Vicente Reynal: It feels that way, Rob, I mean, it feels that definitely, you know, you know, we can tell you that, you know, on the long cycle business it was actually positive from our perspective in the third quarter. So, again, that can be sometimes spotted based on the size of the project that you see. But we're seeing some momentum in CO2 capture, we're seeing some good momentum in air separation and industrial gases. We're seeing some kind of project that are more related to onshoring kind of release and allowing us to implement our technology and those. So we're seeing some good you now, I would say a sequential improvement on that. I guess for me more encouraging is the conversations that our teams are having with the customers seem to be just much more active than what it was in the past. So but is there a big separation between the two? Not dramatically, I would say. But encouraging signs on both.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, yeah, Rob that was a great question. And, you know, one of the things that we're able to do in our business with an increased amount of agility and nimbleness that we're driving with the use of IRX, and as you know, we have, you know, almost 200 of those kind of every week with an Impact Daily Management. And so yeah, I mean, I can tell you that in our conversations, we talk a lot more about growth synergies, now that we see some good momentum on the cost synergies. So you know, we still have the KPI on the cost synergies, but now we have added the KPI on the growth synergy. So the conversation is really people pay more towards that, it takes time to see that solid momentum in the business. So but again, you know, we were able to pivot and people kind of writing the - in the, you know, I'd say, you know, we did a mid third quarter kind of field team do that. And so again, more encouraging and as kind of we go into 2021, that we could see some of the fruit of those actions that we're taking.
Vicente Reynal: Our categories that I mean, is always driven, I mean, our teams, as I said, you know, even as we are preparing our budgets for 2021, our teams are really attuned in terms of what incrementals and decrementals cannot be - been view as the best-in-class. And we'll try to get to those. I think when we provided some of that kind of conversation, no guidance, but, you know, framework as we were going into Q3, there was a lot of discretionary costs that was supposed to come that obviously, not all of that showed up into the third quarter. But I'd tell you that, you know, our teams just pay, you know, close attention to a lot of these leading indicators that we're tracking. And I think in our commentary, we'll just kind of be more attuned in terms of just telling you kind of what we expect to see, but obviously with the room for our teams to be able to drive further improvements to that.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Andy, I'll say that most of the businesses are kind of continuing to strengthen with the Precision and Science. And that's you know, clear you're seeing some of that here in earlier quarter. And when we saw throughout the quarter in the third quarter, we saw continued improvement through the month of Q3.
Vicente Reynal: You know that is the thing exciting to you there, Andy that a lot of these kind of trends continue to go on our favor from that perspective, and not just by pure log, but mainly because of the I'd say, I'll call self-help innovation that the team is doing. I mean, we find some of these kind of growth, secular trends, and then we evaluate how can that technology be applicable to those trends? And then we go deeply? And then create some unique differentiated innovation? I think that is what is very different in our case, is that, that our teams are pretty agile on that. So yeah, I mean, I think it's more going to be indicative in 2021 and further, you can see, I mean, efficiency for hydrogen are just going to be massive in terms of growth. And we want to be participants with our new kind of unique technology. But it's going to be kind of more I would say medium to long-term.
Vicente Reynal: So, David, I wouldn't call it that we're accelerating any inventories as we speak, no. So, you know, what our teams have been doing is that they based on their lessons learned, I mean, they clearly work with the suppliers so as the suppliers can hold more buffer inventory put on versus all holding that inventory. And so I think we're prepared and working with the supply chains to be able to service us proactively.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Joe, I think this is actually, I mean, as you remember, we were pretty excited with a combination of the two companies because of the complementary technology and how much we consider oil-free to be just a good kind of growth end market, just based on the market that it plays. And so this is a very good opportunity because the Ingersoll Rand team definitely has a lot of good experience selling oil-free compressors. And I would say that at this point in time, we're just kind of scratching the surface still on just purely kind of aligning the technologies to where the best channel could be served for those technologies. So what you saw here is basically our kind of launch of that oil-free technology that we developed during the Gardner Denver days and having the Ingersoll Rand team have access to that through their channel. And the teams are very excited. I mean, all our channel partners as well as the direct teams are very excited positioning those technologies into the primarily fuel and pharma end markets.
Vicente Reynal: Now that's a really great question, Nathan. I - you know, clearly, you know, we have always been kind of change speaking and not openly but how the addressable market grows and how we want to, if you remember the days of the Medical team, how we doubled that addressable market over a course of like, two years? So I think it depends on the business. But clearly, we want to continue to expand the addressable market, we don't have it pegged at a number. But in the Precision and Science team, it is clearly kind of dramatic in terms of how we want to increase the addressable market based on penetrating with the new technology that the team is working. So but specifically to a number, I don't have it, we don't have it pegged, we just have more asset holistically over the strategic period, which is three years, we want to double the addressable market in some other specific differences that we're focusing ourselves.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Nathan. So the impact, I mean the team is just executing really well on a lot of initiatives, and particularly one around, you know, the new the launch of new products on the consumer side. So basically, these are kind of golf cars that are customized to your needs, you can go online, and which I mean, you should do, Nathan you go online and then kind of customize through your specific kind of desire. And basically, that's kind of pretty unique solution for personalizing the vehicles for the individuals. And we have seen tremendous demand of that over the past couple of quarters. You know, I'll say that, you know, we're typically, I mean, based on the demand that we're seeing is typically, you know, maybe weeks, but not quarters, in terms of kind of the backlog and specifically, I don't want to call it a number just because we view it as kind of being very strategic in terms of how quickly we can deliver those golf cars for the consumer side. But it's driven by a lot of initiatives that the teams are doing around, you know, direct-to-consumer demand generation, as well as, you know, kind of new launches of product, we launch a new lithium battery that extends the range of these consumer cars. And also, you know, we spoke today on the call about the connectivity, and the connectivity platform is also providing some good recurring revenue streams productive.
