Vik Kini: Thanks, Vicente. On Slide 8, we finished the year with strong performance in Q4 through a strong balance of commercial and operational execution, fueled by IRX despite the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. Total company organic orders and revenue increased 2% and 19% year-over-year, respectively. We remain encouraged by the strength of our backlog, which is up 30% year-over-year, equate over $2 billion of backlog. This provides a healthy backlog to execute on as we enter 2023 and gives us conviction in delivering our 2023 revenue guidance. The company delivered fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA $420 million, a 23% year-over-year improvement, and adjusted EBITDA margins of 25.9%, a 180 basis point year-over-year improvement and a 110 basis point improvement sequentially from Q3. For the quarter, adjusted EPS was up 6% versus prior year. This is despite some meaningful headwinds that I will explain shortly. Free cash flow for the quarter was $321 million, despite ongoing headwinds from inventory due to global supply chain challenges as well as the need to support backlog. Total liquidity of $2.7 billion at quarter-end was up approximately $100 million sequentially. Our net leverage continues to improve year-over-year and sequentially. At 0.8 turns, we're 0.3 turns better than the prior year and 0.2 turns better than prior quarter. Turning to Slide 9. For the total company, Q4 orders grew 5% and revenue increased 21%, both on an FX-adjusted basis. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 23% from the prior year, with the ITS segment margin increasing 170 basis points, while the PST segment margin improving 330 basis points. It's important to note that both segments are price/cost, dollar and margin positive, which speaks to the nimble actions of our team despite ongoing inflationary headwinds. Corporate costs came in at $33 million for the quarter. And finally, adjusted EPS for the quarter was up 6% to $0.72 per share. This 6% growth includes significant headwinds associated with FX as well as favorability in the prior year tax rate due to one-time benefits that were not expected to recur and an ongoing headwind associated with interest expense. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 19.7%, with the full year adjusted rate finishing slightly below 22%. On Slide 10, total company full year orders grew 16% and revenue increased 21%, both on an FX-adjusted basis. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 20% from the prior year. The ITS segment margin increased 100 basis points, while the PST segment margin declined 70 basis points. When adjusted to exclude the impact of M&A completed largely in 2021, PST adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 60 basis points. As you recall, most of the decline in adjusted EBITDA margins throughout the year was due to the Seepex acquisition. I am pleased to report that Seepex is another amazing story where we acquired a business at mid-teens EBITDA margin and the exit rate in Q4, just five quarters after the acquisition, is in the mid-20%s. We are well underway to getting Seepex to our PST fleet average EBITDA margin. We continue to see sequential increases in PST's adjusted EBITDA margins and now PST margins are generally back in line with where we have seen them historically, at approximately 30%. Both segments, finished the year price/cost, dollar and margin positive, which was a major driver of the company's overall triple-digit adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. Corporate costs finished the year at $127 million, down $6 million from prior year, largely due to adjustments in management incentive costs. And lastly, adjusted EPS for the year was up 13% to $2.36 per share. It is important to note that the adjusted EPS growth includes significant one-time headwinds associated with FX, prior year tax rate and interest expense. If you exclude the impact of these headwinds, our adjusted EPS growth would have been over 20%. Moving to the next slide, in 2022, we returned $294 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Free cash flow for the quarter was $321 million, including CapEx, which totaled $34 million. And total company liquidity now stands at $2.7 billion, based on approximately $1.6 billion of cash and $1.1 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. It's important to note that these figures include approximately $525 million of cash, which has subsequently been deployed for the SPX Flow's Air Treatment business acquisition on January 3, 2023. Leverage for the quarter was 0.8 turns, which was 0.3 turn improvement year-over-year. And cash flow outflows for the quarter included a $184 million deployed to M&A, $8 million to our dividend payment and $3 million for share repurchases. M&A remains our top priority for capital allocation and we continue to expect M&A to be our primary usage of cash. I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segments.
Vik Kini: Yes. Julian, this is Vik. I'll take that. I think the answer is that, that's correct. I think the phasing of whether you want to talk about top-line or on the earnings side of the equation is very consistent with what you've seen historically. I think the margin implication on from an adjusted EBITDA perspective is, roughly speaking, close to 100 basis points on a total year basis for total company, which remains relatively consistent and right in line with what we messaged at our last Investor Day. So, again, nothing dramatically different there, but yes, the phasing is very much consistent with what you've seen in years past.
Vik Kini: Yes, David, I would say to Vicente's remarks that orders in first quarter, quarter-to-date across both segments are trending positive on an organic basis. And within that, I would say the pricing dynamic, given the carryover pricing dynamic that Vicente mentioned, which, as you would expect, is more obviously evident in the first half of the year, comparatively speaking, I'd say it's comparable to what you have seen exiting 2022. So, nothing has dramatically changed in that respect. And I think to the question that was asked before, the margin profile is healthy on those projects, and the pricing levels on those projects are commensurate or comparable to what you see in some of the more standard book/ship type business. So, we've been seeing comparable margin performance and comparable pricing across both the shorter cycle and longer cycle components of our business.
Vik Kini: Yes. It's a good question. So, yes, approximately 100 basis points enterprise-wide. You're going to see both segments trend right around there. I do think the PST probably is a little bit more outsized than ITS, probably not overly surprising, because you had a little bit of an inverse happening in 2022. So, I think a lot of this is now, quite frankly, as we've now got Seepex, which was probably the largest headwind on EBITDA margins through the better part of 2022, now that's coming closer to fleet average with, frankly, still room to run, I think you're going to see a little bit more outpace on the PST side comparatively speaking, but total business should be trending closer to 100 basis points.
Vik Kini: Yes, Joe, so let me take it in two pieces. So, the guidance -- if you go to the guidance slide, $270 million of M&A is included in the guide. That $270 million is for completed and/or closed acquisitions to date. So effectively, everything you've seen through 2022 that has any degree of carryover impact as well as probably the two bigger contributions being the SPX Flow Air Treatment business, which closed right at the beginning of the year, and then the Paragon Tank Truck acquisition, comparatively smaller but closed at the beginning of this month. That is all included. That's what comprises the $270 million. In terms of forward expectations, we do not include any non-closed transactions in guidance. So, the 11 additional transactions that you see at the LOI stage, that would be all incremental to current guidance if and when those transactions close. And like we've done, historically, as those transactions close, we'll obviously start including them in subsequent guidance. So, again, yes, non-completed or non-closed M&A would be additive to the current guidance for 2023.
Vik Kini: That is correct. Yes. So, I think, our [re-] (ph) kind of affirmation of the capital allocation strategy includes that we expect to close another $200 million to $300 million on an annualized basis. And obviously, that's just contingent on the timing in terms of what will actually impact 2023, but that is correct.
Vik Kini: Yes, sure, Adam. So, to repeat, we did close the SPX Flow transaction at January 3, at the beginning of this year. Using rough numbers, we can kind of expect something right around $180 million of revenue contribution, so slightly less than $200 million, and very much in line with a lot of the M&A you've seen us do historically. It's coming in right in that kind of mid-20%s type EBITDA margin range. And as we did say when we announced the transaction, we do see -- over a multiyear basis, we do see cost opportunities and synergy opportunities to drive that to be accretive to ITS segment margins in due course. So, again, we're about 45 days in, I would say, the integration process, as you would expect, using IRX and the whole IDM process to kind of guide the integration, it's going as well as we had expected, and things are very much tracking in line with [Technical Difficulty] started. And as you would expect, that's the single biggest contributor of the $270 million of M&A that's included within our guidance.
Vik Kini: Yes. Sure, Chris. So, I guess, I'll start by saying, I think the way you described it is relatively accurate. Yes, we did see a little over 0.9 in Q4. Worth noting here, it's quite normal in the business to see book to bill less than 1 in the second half of the year, and particularly in Q4. And that's largely attributable to shipping the longer -- the larger, longer cycle orders during the second half. And you see that primarily in the ITS business. And that's exactly what we saw on Q4 as well as obviously the strong revenue performance. So that did drive the book to bill to be less than 1. But to Vicente's point and some of the commentary, we are seeing the order momentum continuing here in the first quarter, quarter-to-date through the first week in February. Orders -- organic orders performance is up. And it's worth noting, that's driven despite the headwind of the Chinese New Year timing, which is in January this year versus February in last year. So, again, continued to be encouraged by the trending. As Vicente said, backlog continues to remain healthy with a good contribution from the longer cycle projects, which will continue to extend over a 12- to 18-month timeframe. So again, yes, book to bill less than 1, but quite normal in Q4 and continue to be encouraged about what we see here moving into 2023.
Vik Kini: Sure. I'll take that one, Chris. So, yes, 80 basis points to 90 basis points, slightly right below 100 basis points, that's probably right in line. I think it's a few things to note. When we gave our Investor Day targets, we said to expect about 100 basis points on average over a multiyear timeframe. Obviously, worth noting that we have outpaced that in the prior two years. So, we're still very much tracking in line with that. And I think in terms of the guidance, your point is spot on. We do expect to continue to be price/cost positive. We are still driving productivity as well as the synergies, the last phase of the merger to merger-led synergies to offset any degree of merit and/or labor inflation, which obviously we are seeing and speaks to Vicente's point earlier. But I think the other thing here is that we are continuing to reinvest for growth and to drive ongoing organic growth, which is very much part of our Investor Day target. So, you are seeing requisite investments in -- to the appropriate commercial resources and growth resources in the business as well as some of the investments we called out specifically even at the corporate level around demand generation and IIoT. So, again, we'll continue to be very prudent. We continue to expect margin expansion year-over-year as we go through the year. And sequentially, the margins could continue to sequentially increase quarter-to-quarter as we move from Q1 to Q4, much like you saw in 2022.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Hey, Mike. I'll say that facing comparable to what we have seen historically. Clearly, the item to watch is that, as expected, comps become more meaningful as we go into the back half of the year. And we don't have anything to assume in our guidance or the phasing related to supply chain returning to normalization and/or significant commodity deflation either. And so, in terms of the organic, I mean, second half, based on that and the tough comps, we say kind of roughly flattish. And as we said on the remarks, good continued momentum that we see on price. And what we expect is that we expect as we go through the year to see continued strength on kind of what we call the long cycle orders, which are driven by a lot of these megatrends that we've spoken about before in the past around sustainability, onshoring and things like that. So, net-net, that leads us to believe that we just don't see significant changes in our backlog as we go through 2023.
Vicente Reynal: That's correct. Yes, that's correct. And basically, as you can see, a bit of a prudency here in the second half.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Mike, I will say that the simple answer is, yes, in the sense that -- keep in mind, yes, we're seeing much stronger momentum as we talk to a lot of the sellers out there. And -- but it has to do primarily because keep in mind that 90%-plus of our deals and transactions are sole sourced. So, we have really long-standing cultivating relationships with the company that we're looking for to be attracted to Ingersoll Rand. And the relationship goes along the lines of understanding that, hey, you know, there continues to be all these changes that happen every year, and [how many] (ph) ownership is realizing that we are a great place for them to continue to kind of keep the legacy and treat employees in a very unique way the way we do. And that is driving the continued momentum of being able to open the door and have a much better conversation with a lot of these companies that we want to bring to Ingersoll Rand. So, again, I think that's what gives us the confidence that our M&A funnel continues to be very strong. And the fact that you see that we still have 11 transactions under LOI and the momentum continues to get accelerated. So, yes, we're very pleased with what we're seeing here.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, that is absolutely correct, Julian. Yes, that's accurate. And again, we're saying that we're viewing these as -- perfect. No, I was going to add to that, Julian, as I said on the answer before too as well, we view these as a prudency right now at this stage, and, as you know, we'll continue to update as the year goes, kind of not to the similar to what we did here in 2022.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Jeff. So yes, correct. 70% price as we will -- we communicated. And the way to think about it is that on the price, a good portion of that is carryover. We're still doing another regular price increase, but it's that, that one is more normalized as we -- what we have done in the past, which call it maybe 1% to 2% incremental new price that gets realized throughout the year. So that gives you the perspective in terms of what we're seeing on price. And from a price/cost perspective, yes, we expect that we're going to be price/cost positive and report it throughout the year. And with that, we have a [so and so] (ph) -- that the cost side basically stays at this level. So, we're not assuming a major deflationary market.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, great question there, Jeff. So, the paying additional comes in from as you now referenced to [OEM] (ph), which is with the added services that we're offering. So, we are having a remotely connected device. We're able to have better service agreements with our customers and, therefore, that generates a higher recurrent revenue that -- streams that we see. So that's the whole purpose of why we want to have our IIoT ready and enable machines, because we want to generate new revenue streams that are more recurrent in nature on top of, obviously, selling the device. So, I think that's what we're seeing. And in terms of customers willing to pay for it, I'll say, yes, I mean, because today there's a lot of lack of skilled labor out there and customers are kind of more dependent on companies and OEMs like cost to be able to demonstrate the added benefits that we can have. So yes, I think it's just one of those that we see it as increased way to add services, increased way of adding energy efficiency. And net-net, it's a very quick return for the customers on what they pay.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Rob, I mean, some constraint by supply chain, but also keep in mind too as well labor. So, I think as we kind of continue throughout the year and we continue to see better productivity, but it's really much more so on the prudency and why we say that backlog will stay at the current level as we continue to shift more towards our more normal phasing that we typically have. So, yes, some supply chain constraints, but the majority, I'll say, more of labor constraints to be able to bring more people to factories and be able to ship more.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, thanks. That's a great question, Rob. We're seeing actually a very good momentum acceleration of what we call the long cycle orders, which are basically driving strong CapEx cycles that we see. And as we get into more projects related to the growth of like secular trends, so for example, onshoring, energy efficiency, cargo capture, we see more of that. And what that creates is maybe sometimes a little bit of lumpiness quarter-to-quarter. But when ITS, when you look at the ITS America, and it's something better to look at it first half to the second half, and you -- we actually saw acceleration organically going into the second half from -- compared to the first half. And that is because it's important to note that also ITS Americas in the third quarter, we had one of the biggest quarters that we can recollect for where book to bill was close to 1.2 back in Q3. So, again, I think we view it more from first half going into a second half. And what we saw was really order acceleration in the ITS Americas, which kind of gives us good confidence on continued kind of fundamental solid strength demand. And as we said also in the remarks, as we go into -- here into the 2023, we're seeing continued positive organic order momentum pretty much across all the regions, including the ITS Americans.
Vicente Reynal: So, to answer the first question, that's really yes. I mean, we think that we see a lot of these kind of mega projects that are getting a lot of the CapEx release. And yes, I mean -- and I can tell that historically, we have always said that these projects come in with pretty good margin to us well. And obviously, being large, so it will create a good flow-through as they kind of go in -- through the P&L. So, it's -- for us, it's good news that we're seeing the release of these CapEx projects. They're more long cycle, gives a better visibility. And at the same time, they're pretty well aligned with a lot of our secular growth trends that we're seeing around sustainability, energy efficiency, onshoring and the like.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. It is, I would say, it's more of the latter in some regards. As you remember, during our Investor Day, we spoke about our care packages and service agreements that we developed as they get related to our IIoT-related services. And we're definitely seeing very good acceleration of that driven by trends such as not been able -- customers not able to find the skilled labor that is needed in the factory to be able to service, repair and maintain compressors or other devices where we can provide that. And in addition to that, we can provide an energy efficiency as a guarantee, but energy efficiency reduction that the customer can have and visibly see in addition to other benefits. So, it is actually good news for us to see that good solid momentum and [indiscernible] teams are doing very well on that.
Vicente Reynal: Well, David, again, we're saying that the order momentum is actually positive across the two segments. So, yes, I mean, if you think about it from a percentage perspective, that is correct.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I mean, so it is definitely improving as compared to last year. What we're saying is that -- but there's still some bottlenecks and issues that pop up here and there. So, it's not -- again, what we're saying is that it is not perfect. It is not back to normal conditions. And that what we foresee here as we go into 2023, whether it is with the reopening of China or a lot of the CapEx cycle releases that we're seeing in terms of long cycle, we think there's going to be continued constraints in the supply chain. So, these were just being more proactive in terms of kind of realizing that there's a lot of work that our teams need to continue to do and realizing that, hey, things are not going to be back to normal from a supply chain perspective as we go into the second half, based on a lot of these other kind of trends or indicators that we're seeing that are happening in there.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Josh, I'll say that we're seeing a little bit of a good blend of both in terms of new rooftops as well as expanding even capacity. And just to put in perspective, I mean, it's not dissimilar to what we or Ingersoll Rand were doing ourselves. So, as you remember, last year, we reopened our Buffalo facility. So that was -- you could consider that as an expansion of capacity. We also invested in expanding our factory in Brazil. So that was actually you could think about an incremental rooftop. We just here announced our expansion of the footprint and creation of a new building facility in India, which is on top of our already four manufacturing facilities in India. So, I think it's -- and our customers are doing the same, and we're very close to the customers because we believe to be in region for region is the most strategic factor and uniqueness that we have as a company, and this goes back all the way from our Gardner Denver days that we were doing that. So again, we're seeing a lot of good momentum of that in region for region continuation because of onshoring not only in the US, but we're seeing it in India, we see it in China, we see it in Europe. And I think our ability to flex our products and our localization to that, it's driving that pretty good momentum, I would say. And from a technology perspective, to your question, we're seeing solid momentum and we said that on the prepared remarks on oil free, which again, is good news because we're moving more towards these kind of high-growth sustainable end markets food, beverage, pharma that -- where we can provide more unique solutions to those customers, and, therefore, see that accelerated growth.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, Josh. Maybe I'll see it -- kind of put it in two buckets. One is the -- on the PST side, where we make dispensing units, we're seeing better momentum on acceleration that we see here in Europe where more countries are leveraging hydrogen and so we expect to maybe see better momentum as we go here in 2023 in Europe. The early cycles of that PST hydrogen really happened more so in Asia Pacific. And we always said that, that was kind of the core start and then it was going to move to Europe and eventually gets to the US. And we're seeing that. Started in Asia Pacific, it's moving to Europe, and we're seeing conversations about dispensing hydrogen networks and things like that in the US, as you very well said, on the IRA budgetary commentary that we are read about. On the ITS, it's not too dissimilar. But I will say that the large capital investments that have been talked about in terms of hydrogen, we're not seeing that kind of come through fruition yet within the compressor side or the ITS side. So, we still think that there may be more room to come on that. And as you very well said, whether IRA or some of the other funds that are in Europe, hopefully, that kind of gets some of the projects getting released. But -- so good tailwinds we expect for a couple of years to come.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, I would say that normalized maybe right now here in 2023. As we go into 2024 and longer than that, we'll see. I mean, we expect that things will get back to the way they were before. Our view in terms of why we should continue to see backlog at this higher level is again because of a lot of these kind of long-cycle CapEx releases that we're seeing that, that should continue to add on to that backlog while we continue to see maybe solid fundamental growth on the short cycle as we have just also stated. So, I think it's not that the new norm is going to be that 30% or $2 billion. It's just that right now, at this point in 2023, that is basically what we're saying is that we're saying that we'll continue to -- our expectation is that we're not going to deplete the backlog based on what we see coming through for the rest of the year.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Adam, so I'll just say to that, a big thank you to our team in China and team in Asia Pacific, whom I was actually just having a celebratory call last night with them and kind of kicking off into high gear a lot of our initiatives in 2023. So, generally, I think our team continues to be pretty agile and nimble as to finding the growth vectors that are being seen in China, and they've taken our products and repositioned them and leveraging our demand generation to accelerate the penetration of those technologies into those very unique end markets. So, I think it's all about ensuring that our teams are very nimble and very agile and that's exactly what they're doing. I mean, they're finding these very good growth vectors and those could be around battery production, photovoltaic production as well for solar panels or even electric vehicle production. So -- and then they leverage the technology and the demand generation to be able to acquire just incremental market share.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you so much. As I kind of wrap up the call today, I just want to say that our teams have done an outstanding job executing our plan throughout 2022, despite the ongoing macro challenges, and that's because they think and act like owners, because they are owners to the company at Ingersoll Rand. And we have clearly demonstrated that there's a lot of resiliency here in our business as we continue to invest organically and inorganically and continue to focus ourselves in sustainability, innovative product and solutions. And that, we believe, is truly positioning Ingersoll Rand as a global leader. So, thank you for the time and attention today. Thank you.
