Michael W. Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today’s call. Earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter were $0.31, $0.08 above the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.20 to $0.26. As this is usually the case, there were some puts and takes in the quarter. The tax rate and other income expense went favorable by about a $0.01 each. We had a favorable stock-based compensation adjustment of $0.03 that was not in the forecast. Restructuring spend was about in line with our estimate, higher than expected inflation was offset by favorable overhead spending, the margin associated with the higher revenues was essentially the difference between the midpoint of our guidance and the $0.31 we reported. Although, it was somewhat better than our expectations, markets were generally in line with our outlook with slow growth environment. In the first quarter, we saw revenue growth of 3%, excluding the Hussmann refrigeration business from the 2011 comparison. We experienced moderate growth in revenues in Industrial and low growth in Climate and Security. Residential revenues were down year-over-year as residential HVAC revenues declined high single-digits, but residential security revenues were up high teens. As a reminder last year’s first quarter HVAC revenues were strong up 12% from channel restocking. Excluding Hussmann, the orders were up 6% and 7% excluding currency. Operating margin for the quarter was 6.7%, down 30 basis points versus prior year. If we exclude Hussmann from last year, margins in Q1 were down 90 basis points from the first quarter of 2011. Although, margins improved from pricing and productivity, they were depressed by higher planned restructuring and investment spending year-over-year as we discussed in the February earnings call. All of our businesses continue to realize positive pricing and in the first quarter, our pricing outpaced direct material inflation for the fourth consecutive quarter. Please go to slide 4. Those of you that attended our recent Investor Day are aware of our ongoing focus in investment and innovation to accelerate our revenue growth. We steadily improved the flow of new products and services to the market over the last several years. Our goal for 2012 is 25% of revenue to come from new products and services introduced in the last three years, which we equal approximately $3.6 billion in revenue. We are on track to reach this goal and we expect to introduce new products in all of our businesses during the year. The health and vitality of the portfolio is in excellent shape and we’ll continue to build our organizational capability and increase our investments to faster innovation over the next few years. We also continue to make progress in our operational excellence initiative, which is our long-term approach to a lean transformation of the company. This is the multi-faceted effort that will reduce working capital, expand margins, and ultimately increase market share across our businesses. We have expanded all 19 value streams to include the entire value cycle from [clot] to cash and we will add five more value streams during 2012. As we indicated in February, we have won several restructuring programs and therefore restructuring expenses are frontloaded in the first half of the year in order to accelerate the benefits during 2012. And now Steve will take you through the quarterly results in more detail.
Michael W. Lamach: Great, thanks Steve and please go to slide 14. Our revenue outlook for 2012 is essentially unchanged from the guidance that we gave you in February. Activity to date and our outlook continue to indicate low-to-moderate growth across our portfolio. Europe has been weak as expected, Asia has been somewhat within our expectations year-to-date, U.S. is a little bit stronger in commercial HVAC and as expected we saw moderate growth in transport markets in North America with some contractions in Europe. We think continuation of the current conditions in residential markets as single-family housing starts and consumer confidence remain at low levels. We expect R-22 and lower SEER units to remain at significant portion of the flattish market in 2012. For commercial security we expect to see a continuation of challenging conditions in the U.S. non-residential new construction market for the remainder of the year, particularly in our key institutional markets. Foreign exchange will be a headwind in 2012 adversely impacting growth by about two points. We are maintaining a revenue range for full-year 2012 of $14 billion to $14.4 billion, that’s flat up 3% compared with 2011 revenue, up $14 billion excluding Hussmann. Excluding FX the organic growth rate is 2% to 5%. Please go to slide 15. Similarly we are maintaining our full-year EPS from continuing operations guidance range of $2.90 to $3.10. We continue to expect to generate available cash flow of about $1.1 billion. Second quarter revenues are forecast to be $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion. Revenues on a comparable basis excluding Hussmann are forecast flat up 3% versus second quarter of 2011 that includes FX which will be a headwind of about two points. And then excluding FX, revenues will be up 2% to 5%. Earnings per share are forecast to be $0.85 and $0.90. In the second quarter, restructuring spend will be about $0.03 higher year-over-year [to] implement cost reduction programs. Additionally, recall that in the second quarter last year, we got a $23 million gain from the sale of assets from the factory consolidation, we are assuming a share count of 315 million shares and a tax rate of 25%. Please go to slide 16. We started 2012 slightly ahead of our forecast, delivering revenue and EPS above the expectations, but as you know the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter for us at $0.31, first quarter earnings represent just a bit over 10% of our 2012 annual guidance range. So far, we’ve seen a few growth areas that were better than our expectations, while others started the year a little lower. So unbalanced things still look about how we expect it. We are focused on continued change and improvements to ensure that we’re managing our business optimally across the spectrum of economic conditions. Our focus on positioning the company to see growing revenues, earnings and cash flow by employing tailored strategies across diverse markets. We continue to feel good about our company and our progress. We have portfolio of outstanding market leading brands; we continue to demonstrate our ability to generate high levels of cash flow even in the face of a challenging backdrop. The long-term attractiveness of the end markets in which we operate and our competitive positioning will allow us to benefit as those sectors of the economy improve and a strong penetration and positioning in emerging markets provide us with significant growth potential. As said last quarter, we realized that we cannot rely solely on these fundamentals to achieve our goals and our management team is committed to actively managing the company to generate sustainable profitable growth. With a setback in February, we are not waiting for macroeconomic lift to improve our business instead we’re proactively working to reduce costs and invest in our growth markets. With that Steve and I’ll be happy now to take the questions.
Michael W. Lamach: Jeff, we will just give you a bit more of a Q2 bridge share and then we can talk about the pieces inside that. But last year second quarter, of course is $0.92 and it included $0.7 from Hussmann and $0.5 from the gain on sale we mentioned about the plant in China, which brings us $2.80 starting point. The share count, you’re right. $3.50 to $3.15 is the share count, which add back $0.09. The restructuring spend will be about $0.03 higher this year and then if you add volume price mix, it adds about $0.05, assuming a 50% conversion on that. And then if you look at higher investments, productivity and inflation, lower interest and taxes and FX and that’s about $0.03 negative and that gets you back to the $0.88 midpoint. When you pull out sort of the one-time last year and look at the leverage in Q2 we’re estimating at about 20%.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, our mix of (inaudible) level system which is up quite a bit, we would have been running at about 62% in the past, we’re running at about 66% today. So as strategy we’re trying to play across, the whole portfolio is working in terms of unit volumes for us. Actually, January and February were very slow for us, March was a very big, important month for us. And so it’s tough to look at a trend there up one data point in March, but there are some signs that you are seeing, some progress here in the market. In addition, we’re in the market with product at a price point that’s competitive and the fact within supply chain are working as they should. So that’s really kind of where we are right now in that business.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, actually material inflation for us has been fairly well behaved so far this year, in fact first quarter material inflation was actually somewhat below our original expectations, and our material forecast for the whole year 2012 is not significantly different from what we told you in February. What we’re seeing is some other inflation, and that’s going to be in areas like trade and logistics, fuel for our service vehicles, and some benefit related costs.
Michael W. Lamach: When I speak about the tailwind in the second half is in fact we’re spending it in the first half, we’re also getting the productivity and cost reduction in the second half. So, it’s less spend and more savings in the second half.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah Dave, I’ll give you some puts and takes on that relative to what we’re thinking, last time we were on a call. One of the surprises for us in Q1 was the strength of the North American unitary business and there we had bookings in the quarter North America, up 17%. That’s also one of the value streams we’ve been working on now for a couple of years, mainly around cycle times and quick ship on products. And so, in a lot of ways the orders that we took in January and February in that business, we were able to ship in the quarters. So the turn on that business was very quick for us. We also had similar event happening with products and service where we sell products and service booking and the Climate business up about 15%. Again very quick turn ship on that in terms of the ability to deliver services in that area of the business. So, some of what we saw in terms of the high bookings in quarter one were evidenced in the revenues in quarter one, where we’re able to book and ship that pretty quick. Probably a third one that comes to mind is the security business in the Americas, where we actually had a quarter which was a little bit better than we expected in the Americas and for a lot of that business we’re able to ship that in a matter of hours and a few days as opposed to weeks or months, so that’s relatively quick ship as well. So, I think it kind of normalizes back down to a view, so that we had initially for Q2. On the flip side of that saw a slower activity in China, up tick in HVAC. We saw slower than a pretty negative outlook that we had in the container business globally. So that was a little bit of a slowdown for us beyond what we anticipated. So in that we think it’s a pretty realistic forecast for Q2 revenue.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Dave it’s Mike. One of the things we’re going to see is that, what we will do in the residential business essentially, we have a plan profit increase in the second half of $27 million more than last year on lower revenues there. So that is really working itself out over time as well, back half of the year as well would have a couple hundred million dollars in revenue for us. So that would leverage up particularly coming into the Climate business I would assume.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, we are aware of that. There are suppliers to us in a few areas, I don’t think it changes the dynamics much on that that we both have our own controls and we partner with Emerson or before that JCI in that business. So I don’t think it changes a whole lot.Deane Michael Dray – Citigroup Global Markets (United States): Great, thank you.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Nigel it’s really, it is interesting because the dodge even data were support in the non-institutional markets that was an area of growth in the quarter. I think, it’s a combination, it was really in our office and retail and that’s going to effects that include sort of aging systems much like you see in Res business as well as some seasonal factors as well as the of course warm winner and a little early spring and summer. So I think all of that kind of combined. Our focus has been on really trying to look at some that discretionary quick shift business we’ve been targeting that. I think we have some success there as well and being able to convert some of that business and they compete little differently on cycle times there, but I think that contributed as well.
Michael W. Lamach: It is very interesting Americas were strong in terms of a bookings, EMEA was okay but expected, Asia was weak and Asia for us whereabouts with 50% China, 50% rest of Asia. Rest of Asia was okay, China was very weak. But I was in China and India couple of weeks ago and China actually early April and we picked up an order there from a customer for 100,000 tons (inaudible) on a single order. So that is spread over the course of the year, so this was the large orders that can swing us still are therefore I think that the market is going to recover in China. I think by the end of the year we’ll see sort of a recovery take place, but the first quarter was very weak.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, I mean, I’ve evidenced the order that we got when I was there, we would be decided. But also just going through the reviews inside the company there was a lot of visibility that was happening in the market. I didn’t get a sense of the activity level was down. I walked away feeling good about balance of the year.
Michael W. Lamach: In final it will be a little less than you would expect because of the mix shift we will see more obviously Trane commercial equipment in the quarter, which benefits the mix down a little bit.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, 2Q margins, I think you’re going to be kind of in that 7% maybe to 8% range in the quarter. We will look at some growth there probably 1% to 4% for us that that support little bit of what we saw in March continuing through here in early April.
Michael W. Lamach: Jeff, I’d say rebound now for about a year trying to work on a whole different sort of inventory model for our wholesalers and for the dealers and for our wholly-owned wholesale teams. And so the replenishment rates that we’ve got is much faster than ever used to be in a high design. So, we are not a good judge of looking at sort of channel inventories and being able to engage the model restocking that’s going to take place, but I don’t see any additional comments in it.
Michael W. Lamach: Truck and trailer were up a little bit better than we expected, (inaudible) was above what we expected. Container was down to offset the favorability in the Americas.Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Michael W. Lamach: Sure. One thing I think that hopefully is going to play a lot for us in Q2 is the fact that last year we didn’t have a competitive product, the 13, 14 SEER and so, what we’re doing was doing with that through some price. Now it is as we find is competitive situations out there, we got competitive 13, 14 SEER products. So we are not having to switch Trane brand or Ameristar brand into the opening price point where they will be able to (inaudible) so there is an advantage there that I think we got Q2 and how we deal with that. So the substitution would have been last year what occurred to the same extent this year.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I’m not hearing a lot about sort of people dropping price from the marketplace. It’s been competitive for two, three years to this point really. So, no new ways coming out or ways to panic around anybody dropping price. There is lots of price adjustments going on, I think, as people are fine-tuning what would have been a 2009, 2010, more of a blanket approach for pricing. So I have heard particular models and combinations going up or going down based on just fine-tuning now that approach to the marketplace. Everybody took more of a (inaudible) spread around price to move it quickly into the marketplace and again anything that’s fine-tuning takes place now I think.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, I mean, we are seeing that. We are operating within our capability here. We’re pretty accurate at this point in time about being able to forecast that. So there were no surprises in Q1 around, I would say productivity, when you pull out the investments in the restructuring. I think that we’ll see additional material productivity towards the back half of the year. We just want that team fully in November, to get the feet underneath them going forward that that plans or strategies didn’t impact. But that takes time to actually make those changes both whether at [this current price or at this prior] change itself and that typically will be more backend loaded, but I don’t see any breakdown or surprise in Q1.Steven E. Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: And that material productivity did that show up in the price material inflation segment or the productivity other inflation segment? And …
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, so I mean we’ve really from a (inaudible) process were sorting out the sourcing organization, was put in place, an independent separate materials organization throughout the business, and then work on this whole set, planning with the materials organization. So we’re definitely seeing that. We’re seeing in a working capital. We’re seeing that as well in just our days outstanding the customers in terms of (inaudible) and days past there we’re seeing. It’s a benefit. It’s a primary focus across all the businesses. Obviously, the Resi HVAC folks are working on that very diligently. Ameristar is a good sign for us. We began taking orders in March. We began shipping in April and we are able to match that up fairly well.Steven E. Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Thanks. Okay.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, Climate, we look for a growth of 1% to 3%, OI in the 10.5%, 11.5% range. In Industrial, I think, you will see kind of a minus 1% to 2% in the quarter, so slowdown there that we will see. Full year, I expect we’ll still 110, 130 basis points of improvement in that business. As we talked about Security, flat to minus 3% for the full year, minus 3%, minus 5% for Q2, and then net of restructuring all and it should be flat in terms of operating margin.Andrew Millard Casey – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael W. Lamach: Josh we use the combination. So there is these parts and assemblies that we outsource, some are retained, quite a bit of flexibility even in these outsourced relationships to build a product we choose to do that. So it’s very dynamic in terms of how do you want to do this. It’s actually a bit exciting because we’ve been able to think outside of box, I think about what’s possible in terms of some of these relationships. But, so that’s the way we’re handling that aspect. While it’s pretty early March, I think, orders and April shipments is a little fusing to tell in terms of anything around real traction, the margins, gross margins are lower than what we would normally see. The core costs are very low compared to what we would see. So the contribution is actually accretive to the full year margins that we’ve laid out. Okay, but it’s a different model. It’s a lower gross margin, much lower support model, contribution again accretive.Joshua C. Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, there is definitely more on top of restructuring in Q2 in the investments lines, probably based on what I target by probably another $25 million something in that range. Primarily, two areas there, I guess the biggest pieces would be the systems component, getting that really moving now and second building out in our industrial business and continuing to build out in our train business, the service organizations, particularly internationally.Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay.
Michael W. Lamach: If I understand your question, the productivity we would get in the fourth quarter in res business would be in the productivity number, in other words the loss absorption would be in the productivity number.Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. So you say that would be, it wouldn’t be additive to that. Okay.
Michael W. Lamach: Right.Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. You talked about how quickly these orders turn into revenues, but I mean 40% up in March obviously, didn’t convert because your revenues in the quarter was still down 8. So, I mean how come that not make you feel a little bit better as we kind of moving to see, I mean you think that like low single-digits in the second quarter is, maybe just a bit conservative, I mean I understand all of a sudden we’ve gone from having no inventory, people concerned about it having too much inventory. I just can imagine it. The inventory dynamics are that dramatic, the sell through it’s actually been pretty good.
Michael W. Lamach: Yeah, trailer is going to be more that kind of $80 million range.Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right, so on those $3 billion quarterly revenue base that’s kind of sound like peanuts.
Steven R. Shawley: Our first year forecast for the full year is unchanged, what we said back in February and the spend, you’re right it’ll be front-end loaded, so versus prior year it’s about $0.07 higher for the full year, despite being favorable year-over-year in the second half. So, we commented about $0.07 in Q1, we essentially we’re on track with that. We got a bit more to do here in Q2 and then we’ll get favorably in the back half of the year. So, in total it’s about $0.07 on the year.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah, Dave, I don’t have the backlog numbers in the front of me, but we can get to the backlog numbers here probably offline.
Steven R. Shawley: Well Res is a contributor, no question about that but the security is the one where we probably get the most of our restructuring going on there.
Steven R. Shawley: So security alert, you know, the idea I think if you pull out restructuring they’re doing there, they are actually going in the right direction there, but that will be the one where we will see the restructuring that takes place and of course the high margin business that will hurt.
Steven R. Shawley: Hi, Jeff.Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Hey, Mike, I’m wondering if the March order strength you saw constitutes any efforts to rebuild the inventory at this point or Steven, kind of early warrants in April kind of starting any kind of figures probably too strong order, but kind of urgency around channel inventories as we look into the season.
Steven R. Shawley: Terry, I missed the first part of your question. What particular part of HVAC?Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Resi solutions.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah, price is still positive. We’re getting a couple of points of price across each of the businesses. So I think gas volumes were down probably about 10%.Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And I guess you will take out…
Steven R. Shawley: That would be the total motor bearing unit market, okay. That would be our piece of the total motor bearing unit in the whole thing, okay, all equipment lines. We were down about 10% in volume, okay.
Steven R. Shawley: If you look at the growth balance sheet statistics, our inventory returns in the quarter were six times of returns better than they were in Q1 last year.
Steven R. Shawley: So it’s going well through the enterprise.Steven E. Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Yeah, I saw that. That’s great. All right, thanks.
Steven R. Shawley: Well, we think it’s going to slowdown to moderate. We thought that the industrial business, we’ll probably see in an overall growth of 2% to 4% (inaudible) will be about 5% to 7%, so even imply lower quarter. So, I think quarter three, quarter four, we’d probably see more of a pickup again in Asia and a bit more of a pickup in Latin America, which was a litter softer as well. So that will kind of moderate your backups and some of the Q2, very low kind of zeroish number, a flat number to the up and something to give us a full-year about 2% to 4%.Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thanks, guys.
Steven R. Shawley: Yeah, Robert there is various sets of pricing first I will turn to (inaudible) the pricing we saw of full three points across the business in the quarter.Robert F. McCarthy Jr. – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yeah.
Steven R. Shawley: Which was a little bit above our initial forecast and then we would think going forward, we expect lavation keeps you about 1.5 and that should moderate down to a point for the back half of the year, of course, you’re starting to laugh now pricing increases, so that’s what obvious. The material inflation was fairly subdued, so that was good news, but other inflation is higher for us. But if you’re looking just for the relationship between price and material inflation, I think Q2 would be about a 120 basis point positive.Robert F. McCarthy Jr. – Robert W. Baird & Co.: But you are leaving other inflation out of that categories.
Steven R. Shawley: We normally talk about it as price versus direct material inflation, but you are right, other inflation is where we get a surprise the other way.Robert F. McCarthy Jr. – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yeah, okay. The 3% number that you talked about earlier.
