Vik Kini: Thank you. And welcome to the Ingersoll-Rand 2020 second quarter earnings call. I'm Vik Kini, Ingersoll-Rand's, Chief Financial Officer and with me today are Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer. Our earnings release which was issued yesterday and a supplemental presentation, which will be referenced during the call, are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. For more details on these risks, please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our current report on Form 8-K filed with the securities exchange commission on May 1st, 2020, which are available on our website. Additional disclosure regarding forward looking statements are included on slide 2 of the presentation. In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our release, which are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Turning to slide three, on today's call, we will provide an update on the integration efforts of the company in the current operating environment as well as review our second quarter total company and segment highlights. We will conclude today's call with a Q&A session. As a reminder, we ask that each caller keep one question and one follow-up to allow for enough time for other participants. At this time, I will now turn it over to Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer.
Vik Kini: Yes, Julian, this is Vik. I'll take that in two pieces here. So, you're absolutely right. In the second quarter really pleased with the free cash flow performance. Very good progress on the receivables side, generally across the portfolio. Clearly some more opportunity to go, but really pleased with the strong performance there in Q2. As we look ahead for free cash flow, kind of, just in total we do see opportunities continued on the working capital side. I'd say the biggest area continues to be on the inventory side of the equation. I'd say receivables and payables, you've seen good progress over the first half of the year continue to see some opportunities there inventory is clearly the piece that we're going to continue to look to rightsize and we have a lot of I'd say opportunities and initiatives in place right now across the majority of the portfolio. In terms of the second part of your question, we said at the end of the first quarter that we expect to see roughly about $100 million of cash spend for the balance of the year around restructuring-related costs or synergy delivery costs and standup. We delivered right around $40 million of cash spend in 2Q and still largely on track. We would expect about $60 million in the back half of the year which for right now you can kind of equally split between the two quarters. And we'll see how the timing plays out. But that should be a good placeholder for right now. 
Vik Kini: Yes. Jeff, I think, what we're referring to here is that -- on the LTM adjusted EBITDA, there will be a little bit of noise there, as we kind of continue to lap some of the previous quarters of 2019. In terms of the back half of the year, nothing major we would call out. Obviously, we do have some of the normal cash taxes and some of that will play itself out, generally in line with what we have said for the total year. But, again, when we say, there might be a little bit of pressure to leverage at the levels we're at now, we're not expecting meaningful uptick. Still in the 2.6 to higher 2 realm, but not much higher than that at all. And, again, continue to see a good pass of delivering, like you've seen us do historically at the legacy Gardner Denver. So, again, not a meaningful uptick, but even around the levels where you are right now and maybe slightly higher.
Vik Kini: Yes, Andy this is Vik. I'll take that one. I think the answer is absolutely yes in terms of the confidence. You've heard us kind of reiterate the confidence in the last few quarters. Obviously, we have a higher funnel but given that a meaningful piece that funnel is procurement and I2V and supply chain which is all kind of volume-dependent and we're not at 2019 volume levels which is when a lot of that baselining work was done that's why you just haven't seen us kind of take the target up higher. But again, still feel confident and obviously have a healthy funnel that we're executing to. 
Vik Kini: Yes, sure Nicole. This is Vik. I'll take that. So clearly we did mention last quarter that we were going to take roughly $40 million to $50 million in discretionary spend controls over Q2 and Q3. We really kind of outpaced that. We delivered approximately $40 million in Q2 alone. And to answer your kind of your first part of the question there are still components of that equation that are staying in terms of cost savings things around reduced compensation for executive management, senior leaders, mirror deferrals and certain discretionary spend reductions. But as we kind of look forward to Q3 here and we start to see a slow recovery in the market, we're currently not expecting the same level of actions things like furloughs for example is, kind of, a bigger piece of the equation. And we would expect to see some of the discretionary spend starting to return. To your second point of your question, absolutely. If the markets are slow to recover than expected we will implement many of the same cost saving measures that you saw in Q2. And you show our ability to ramp up those cost savings in Q2 and exceed our prior expectations and we would be prepared to do the same thing if market conditions warrant it. And the other thing I'd probably mention here is, we have continued to make some prudent I think growth investments in the context of Q2 and we expect to do so going forward, which you'll kind of see just in the run rate of the numbers things around demand generation, things that we're kind of setting ourselves up for future growth that we expect to have really strong payback.
Vik Kini: Yeah, sure. So I think at a high level very simply stated $95 million. It's about $80 million of in-year structural savings, which is really coming from headcount-oriented actions. You've seen us take the majority of those actions here over the first 120 days, I wouldn't say that we're necessarily 100% done but you do see that coming to conclusion here pretty quickly just given the actions we've taken. And then right now about $15 million of in-year procurement savings, again very consistent with what we said first in the first quarter. The procurement piece is really meant to start ramping up in 2021 onwards. So in terms of the overall synergy number, $95 million expecting between 35% and 40% here that's in-year from a total year of a total of $250 million synergy target, and as we look ahead to 2021 that will start to ramp. Obviously you're not going to see the same magnitude of headcount related synergies and things of that nature ramp at the same pace. So we are expecting probably about 50% to 60%, 55% roughly of the synergies in 2021 and then 75% delivered in year three. And then you obviously get the full run rate into year four thereafter. So very consistent on the back end of this as you've seen us historically report.
Vik Kini: Sure. Yeah. So let me kind of take them in pieces here Josh. I think in terms of the short-term actions by and large you should see those largely back in the run rate as we exit the year. As we mentioned we got about $40 million of savings here in Q2, we would expect the majority of those to trickle back into the P&L here in Q3 and Q4 and then some of the smaller items around merit deferrals and things like that we expect to obviously come back in the cost structure next year. But again you should largely see those reentering the cost equation here as we exit 2020. And then in terms of the synergy ramp and I think to Nicole's question before, like we said we've got about $80 million of in-year headcount actions. That's the major piece of the equation. You could probably expect it around $20 million to $25 million that in 2Q and then ramping ratably between Q3 and Q4. So Q3, Q4 being a little bit higher probably closer to that $30 million per quarter and then the procurement piece of $15 million of in-year that's largely all second half weighted. You really haven't seen any material amount of I will call integration related or transaction related synergies when it comes to procurement just yet. We've launched a lot of the RFQs, have a lot of good momentum on some of the initial waves, but you should expect to see that really more in the back half of the year here in Q3 and Q4.
Vik Kini: Yeah. I think the easy answer kind of following up on what Vicente said is that the price cost equation particularly looking at, price versus really the procurement equation, and continue to remain positive. We have seen good momentum on procurement initiatives I'd say kind of more than normal course procurement initiatives that had kind of been in place as the two companies were coming together, showing a little bit of a tailwind there. And as Vicente mentioned price was up in both the IT&S and Precision and Science segments, which are the kind of the two largest between 1.5% and 2%. So we continue to see a pretty good cost equation there -- price cost equation there which obviously was seen in the margin profile. So again continue to see good momentum there. And especially with regards to price, I wouldn't expect to see dramatically different results as we look to the second half of the year. So again, continue to be very quality …
Vik Kini: Yeah, John I'll keep it pretty simple here. It really just has to do with the purchase price adjustments that we're still working through. As we work through Q2 obviously you saw us true those up. And I'd say, even that we were only 30 days frankly into the transaction through Q1 you saw kind of a normalization of that in Q2. So again, the levels that you're seeing in Q2 should be largely indicative of what you'd expect going forward. But again, it's really nothing more than just the timing of the deal and Q2 is a pretty good run rate to use going forward.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, definitely. I think the way we're thinking about it is as you saw you said, Q1 and Q2 both decrementals were below 30%. And what we're saying here is Q3 we'll see a little bit of more pressure due to some of these discretionary items coming back offset by some of the synergy ramp. But that being said we still expect decremental to be in the low-30 range. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So maybe Mike, let me just take that into some of the pieces, but by segment. So IT&S we do see typically seasonality in the Q3 due to the holidays, particularly, in Europe. However, that is likely going to get offset by improving conditions throughout the quarter, and so assuming that we do not see any second wave of COVID, of course. And as you saw IT&S orders were down 15%, 20% in July which is comparable performance to what we saw in June and better than what we saw in April and May. But again, we're watching this cautiously given the uncertainty that's still exist. And Precision & Science, similar conditions apply that I just made reference to the IT&S. Orders have started the quarter as well, as you have seen, very flat performance, continued improvement from the month of June. And Specialty Vehicle is a business that does tend to see much more seasonality in Q3 versus Q2, particularly driven by the growth cycle. And you can see from historical periods, that Q3 revenue loss tend to be down about 15% to 20% sequentially. Currently, consumer demand is helping to offset this a little bit, but we will continue to watch these, kind of, consumer orders as we go through the quarter. And, finally, High Pressure, we just don't expect any material shift in demand patterns, as we look really to the second half of the year.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, sure Mike. I mean, last quarter we did a lot of commentary around the compressor side, particularly based on the association reports that are kind of the most known and we have access to. And we said that, we felt in the first quarter, on the compressor side, we took some share on the small to medium and some share on the large compressors in the U.S. What we saw in the second quarter is kind of holding share. So, no taking or not losing share on the compressor side. And what we see on the vacuum and blower, which is kind of primarily mostly in Europe, through OEMs or end markets like wastewater treatment for the blowers side, again, fairly consistent in terms of holding shares. So, again, we saw a second quarter where, obviously, tough across the world, but one that we're not concerned on losing share at all. 
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Jeff. I definitely feel the organization is ready for it. And we said in the past, particularly around the Precision & Science technology, it's just a lot of focus that we're putting on that one. And as we have said in the past too, as well, I mean, there's not a lot of kind of cost-heavy integration structurally on that segment. So the team is definitely ready to take in more. And on Industrial Tech & Services as well, I mean, we're cultivating a very good pipeline, primarily, kind of, channel and some key technologies, but it's one that the team also feels good about taking on.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. On the first question around the power tools I mean yes you saw the softness. We alluded to some of the softness early on the -- even on the last earnings call to the fact that kind of a shift of some of our customers on what they were putting more attention to from an online perspective. We saw actually in the month of June some pretty good pickup in orders, but also point of sales on the tool side. What we continue to see softness on the lifting side kind of the material handling and lifting and that side of the business the end markets that that performs is just not improving at this point in time. I mean it's got has some oil and gas exposure to it. But to your question in terms of what we're going to accelerate growth? I mean coincidentally last week we had a four-day session of our long-term planning review strategic plan sessions where we look at '21, '22 and 23 and there's some very good activity that we're putting forward here on the tool side that the team is putting forward that we think kind of selling more of what we have to more unique channels. So I think we expect to see a better momentum but it will just take time to really kind of readjust that business. We have been very focused on really the cost adjustment and now we're pivoting more towards the growth.  On the legacy IR the larger compressor side, I think you're referring to the multiphase centrifugal. This business is one that we -- that saw really strong demand in Q2 of last year. So I wouldn't say that it's getting really soft but I mean last year there was actually a lot of good momentum on refining and LNG markets and just as an example Q2 of 2019 there was just a single project, but it was worth upwards of $40 million in Vietnam. So just seeing kind of some tough comps based on some of the larger projects that kind of really happen in the second quarter of last year versus this year we're not seeing the momentum on those large projects happening here now. However, the team is fairly encouraged because they see really strong funnel and potentially movement from here on the second half as same things are coming back to normality in some of the countries. 
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. I know Josh, so -- I mean I'll say that for sure, it is an area that we're putting a lot of focus into a tool as well here. And oil-free outperformed oil-lubricated. Oil-free is kind of basically flattish revenue performance, so it's actually good in terms of speaking about the resiliency and the strength of the end markets that it serves and why we continue to be excited about what our future holds in this product line. So, yeah, I mean I definitely -- without going into a lot of details of our strategies and what we want to accomplish here, it is definitely an area that we are putting some focused attention and that we definitely want to continue to outgrow.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. So I think the most of our long-cycle businesses is kind of within these -- the industrial technology, in the business unit that we call, PVS or Pressure and Vacuum Solution. And as a reminder, it's just like 15% of the total segment. You can even split that business into two main areas: one is kind of the legacy Gardner Denver, kind of, what we call the Nash Go, what used to be in the downstream side of the business. That business actually performed fairly well. I mean they saw order rates being positive in the second quarter, and actually on a year-to-date basis, positive high-single-digits, so book-to-bill of like 1.3. So, that's good and encouraging, because that's exactly what we want. We always said that bookings of that longer cycle business we want it to be strong in the first half of the year, so that we can start making the shipments in the second half of the year. And the commentary in terms of the multi-stage or kind of the larger compressors, those are the ones that saw really meaningful tough comps. I mean in second quarter of 2019, it was a record quarter for that business. And it was really more on end markets, such as LNG and gasification and process gas. So, a lot of the kind of maybe momentum that, was getting into those end markets, earlier into 2019. And what we're seeing now is basically a little bit of a shift. We're putting a big shift in terms of new end markets. So we are putting focus on utilizing these large compressors for food and beverage. And so, we expect that as we kind of rebalance the end market that we should see probably a better stability moving forward. But in terms of the backlog I think we're fairly well positioned for here for the second half. So, these are kind of more orders that we still expect to hopefully get here in the second half based on the funnel from the team. So, it's not order cancellations. It's just in some cases order pushouts and just a more, smaller orders as to compare to the large big orders that were coming through in the early part of 2019.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah Joe, I think no change in strategy on that one. I mean I think we still see that our current number one priority is to create integration, stabilize the businesses, drive some performance and that's exactly what you see that we're doing, and not only in this case in specialty vehicle from an order perspective on revenue, but also from a margin side. And I think when the time is right and the moment comes in that we can look into all the potential alternatives, we'll definitely be ready. As we said on the opening remarks, I mean we have kind of – this is a multi-phase transformation. And we have a Phase III that we're doing a lot of work in terms of strategically understanding each of the businesses and the path forward while at the same time we put a good foundation to invest and really drive some good improvement performance. So, yes I mean, I think this is what's really exciting in our story. We got some optionality here for later down the road while we continue to really fix the businesses.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So aftermarket for that business or recurring revenue roughly 40% of the total segment. So a pretty large sustainable – large and one that we definitely want to continue to invest. Sequentially Q1 to Q2, we saw original equipment growing faster than the aftermarket, which is a good sign of capital investment. And – but at the same time a good sign of future aftermarket growth, as we are creating more machines in the field. And also it was in line with expectations from a pent-up demand in China and other markets. I mean, clearly in the second quarter, service on the aftermarket side was a bit more impacted due to COVID and the associated customer closures and the inability to be on the site. I mean, however, we see this as a really great opportunity moving forward as we would expect this to be a tailwind in future quarters assuming that market conditions and these machines will need to be serviced. We're also encouraged by our IoT platform and the remote monitoring capabilities which allows for remote diagnostics of the machine. And in some cases the ability to service the machine via the associated technology and we did some of that work actually here in the second quarter as well. So yes, I think a lot of good signs for long-term continuation of improvement of that side of the business.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nigel I mean, we believe that this segment will continue to return to the breakeven in the third quarter. If you – I mean, obviously in the second quarter it was going to be the case. I feel as if this kind of one situation. In the second quarter we were on pace, as I said it to be breakeven. We would not expect that to be a repeat moving forward. And also worth noting that we continue to take cost out of the business including some continued restructuring efforts through the first half of the year that are not 100% seen in the financials just yet. So while we don't expect market conditions to improve meaningfully in the second half of the year, we're focused on those items within our control which is prudent cost control and being very proactive with our customers to ensure proper collection of any of the outstanding ARs.
Vicente Reynal: Yes Robert. So I'll say in the second quarter we saw price up. I mean, we actually saw – if you look at the different segments Industrial Tech and Precision and Science price up between 1.5% to 2%. But you still haven't seen the uplift or the changes that we're making based on the composition of the company, in the P&L yet. So -- and to your question yes absolutely, there's definitely opportunities that we see here to be more prudent and more precise on price. I mean as we have said in the past, we believe in quality of earnings. And that's one of our key areas of focus.
Vicente Reynal: No. I mean that's correct. I mean based on all the indicators that we see that's correct. I mean, one of the things we obviously hear that I just spoke a lot about is the orders, on order patterns. And as well as some of the third-party reports that we see and not that we can think of.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. We see continue actually improvement on the pricing in the sense that, we executed here in the second quarter a lot of our pricing actions that are not seen yet in the P&L.
Vicente Reynal: No. John I mean everything is up and running and perspective, I mean nothing to -- that I will call out that is creating issues at this point in time.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you. I just want to thank everyone for their interest in Ingersoll Rand and participating on the call today. I also want to thank again, our employees who many of them are actually on the call listening to their performance. So thank you for a great performance in the second quarter. We believe we're in a very exciting path. And we look forward to speaking with many of you over the next few days and weeks. So thank you. Have a great day.
