Janet Pfeffer: Thank you, Kate, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 conference call. We released earnings at 7 this morning and the release is posted on our website. We’ll be broadcasting, in addition to this phone call through our website of ingersollrand.com, where you will find the slide presentation that we will be using. This call will be recorded and archived on our website. If you’d please go to slide 2. Statements made in today’s call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. Please see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to vary materially from anticipated results. This release also includes non-GAAP measures, which are explained in the financial tables to our news release. Now I’d like to introduce the participants on this morning’s call Michael Lamach, Chairman and CEO; Sue Carter, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Joe Fimbianti, Director of Investor Relations. With that, please go to slide 3, and I’ll turn it over to Mike.
Janet Pfeffer: David this is Janet, it's just basically taking Cameron out of, kind of legacy parts of Ingersoll Rand.
Janet Pfeffer: David, this is Janet. I think you are misunderstanding how we use, legacy is the right word, it's the legacy company. So that’s -
Mike Lamach: Great, thank you, Janet, good morning and thanks for joining us on today’s call. This morning I’ll spend a few minutes for capping our full year 2014 and our progress on the transformation that we’ve been working on with the company for the past few years. Then Sue will take you through the fourth quarter results and I’ll then provide outlook for 2015 before we open it up to your questions. So starting with full year 2014. The past year demonstrated continued progress in the implementation of our multiyear strategy for growth, operational excellence and shareholder value. We invested in our core businesses, matured in key strategic capabilities and delivered excellent financial results. All in all navigating shifts and changes in global markets. For the year our revenues were up 4%, markets were uneven around the globe. Our growth in Europe, Middle East and Africa was double digits where I believe we outpaced the market in most or all of our businesses. Growth in North America was mid single digits, while revenues in Latin America and Asia were lower for the full year due to market and currency headwinds. Adjusted earnings per share were $3.33 a year-over-year increase of 25%. Sue will take you through the bridge in a few minutes, so I’ll leave that for Sue on the quarter. There will be some puts and takes but the short answer is that volume and operational leverage with guidance particularly in the Climate segment. We grew adjusted operating margins 140 basis points in 2014. Our Lean focus again showed significant results in the implemented value streams and we continue to invest in the future of the business by funding significant new product development, investing in IT platform and building our channel services footprint and product management capabilities. We generated $810 million of cash flow, our capital allocation strategy remains focused on maximizing shareholder value and it’s consistent with our overall financial strategy. We continue to increase our dividend with a 19% increase in 2014. We repurchased 22 million shares for $1.4 billion in 2014 funded by the remaining Allegion dividends and from free cash flow. We announced two value enhancing acquisitions during 2014, the purchase of the Cameron Centrifugal Compression division which closed at the beginning of this month and is now part of our compressor business unit and FRIGOBLOCK which we expect to close in the first half of 2015 which will become part of our Thermo King Transport refrigeration business unit. Our performance in 2014 where we outperformed the three year path laid out in late 2013 confirms our conviction to our strategy and positions us well going into a challenging global economic backdrop for 2015. Let’s go to Slide 4. We’ve delivered steady improvements in operating margins over the past three years. Climate margins are up 340 basis points over that period. Overall, our operating margins were up 230 basis points over the last three years despite a tough year in industrial for 2014. As I’ll review when I go through 2105 guidance we expect industrial to recover and a 40% organic operating leverage in 2015. Please go to Slide 5. This chart locks to the change in operating margin from 2013 at 8.9% to the 2014 which was 10.9% shown on a reported basis, but we strike out restructuring Uni-box. Overall margins expanded 200 basis points on a reported basis and a 140 basis points on an adjusted basis. The margin expansion was delivered from a combination of organic growth driven by our strategies to invest in new product and service offerings, maintaining a positive gap between pricing and interim inflation to pipes analytics and value pricing and productivity from strategic sourcing, implementing our Lean operating system and overhead cost just of Lean altogether outpacing other inflation. We continue to invest in new products, IT infrastructure and systems and service and sales footprint underpin the future growth of the business. 2014’s margins performance exceeded our annual goal delivering 85 to 100 basis points of margin improvements. I’ve always said that most improvements are not typically linear, but being ahead of goal going into 2015 is a great place to be, given the short movements that the world is seeing in exchange rates and oils and metals markets and the economic ripples that that will create. So, now Sue will walk you through the fourth quarter and I’ll come back and take you through 2015’s outlook.
Mike Lamach: Well, the unitary markets globally worldwide and in North America were very strong low double digit team type growth there. So we are seeing that in commercial industrial and obviously some of that happening in small institutional projects where unitary would be applied. You might see more unitary in sort of the lower schools, K-6 maybe some smaller middle schools, you’ll kind of see in the bigger high schools perhaps more applied. So that was kind of the mix K-12 that happened. But, we have worked hard over the last five plus years that we got relative parity in margins between applied unitary and we got good utilization and capacity left for whatever that mix would swing. So, I think that from a company point of view we feel good about the contribution margin as applied more unitary and we feel good about the capacity upside that we have got in our facilities to build out, if we were potentially surprised by better markets we would have the ability to work against that, execute against that.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I do. I actually do. I think that applied, you probably look at something more like a mid single digit growth rate. I do think that that will sustain itself over a multiyear period if you look at what's required from an institutional infrastructure perspective that would make sense that that would be the case. So, as you get through that route into multiyear view you may see an exchange where unitary comes back into more normalized low to mid single digit type growth pattern that it could sustain that way for a while.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Andy one thing that maybe to emphasize to this point is we would look normally at every quarter on a really detailed risk and opportunity assessment in the quarter and looked at that through the last minute of the quarter end. And it was a case and I wanted to hats off to the team, the whole team sort of business team and functional team because it was a function of executing all the opportunities and managing all the risks in a way where you get the best net out of that that's possible and it's just like that.
Mike Lamach: Andy I always say that you have only room for breakage? Okay, I mean that was a perfect quarter for us but compares with the you don’t tell things aren’t perfect so that you are allowing for breakage so we will continue to look at things on a risk adjusted basis and I would suggest that that’s a pretty good leverage that we have in quarter and I dial you back on something looks a lot more like the gross margins of the business for us, okay because that over a very long period of time which is what we have done over five years and going multi years into the future if you are able to leverage that at your gross margins it’s phenomenal, it means there’s no fixed cost investments, very hard to sustain, means keep hard doing that but that would be a fantastic 10 year sort of view and that from the operating system that we are building as we have five good years of that we would like to have at least five more before we call that something sustainable.
Mike Lamach: Sue will give first crack at that she has been really close, very, very close to that team effectively with sensitivity, oil and gas.
Mike Lamach: Nigel, let me add, the remaining piece was with the IT systems and infrastructure piece and we did some of the infrastructure pieces typically that relates to security and some – and making sure that we were doing that and largely from headquarter basis, it's the best way to spend that as opposed to every business unit making a different decision about that. So that's the source of the other piece of investment. We probably flattened out here from an IT perspective through about 2018 and then we begin to sort of roll up lot of the depreciation in 2019. So that piece of it as you mentioned I think flattens out here in 2015. 
Mike Lamach: Joe, it’s important concept there because we look at scenarios that are kind of 40 basis points of deflation, 40 inflation I would lean more towards the deflationary story than inflationary story but again it was just really testing ourselves around the ability to wrap the spread. The only place where it's been difficult in the quarter for us was really China where you have got just the lot of many local competitors, pricing lower on anticipated cost so that was the one place where we didn’t catch up with ourselves, but it actually was quite close. It wasn’t like we really missed it out there. So, I think that 20, 30 basis points positive spread pick your number on inflation and that's what we hope to do during the year.
Mike Lamach: Yes, actually total [indiscernible] actually up in bookings little bit in the quarter looks embedded but they were up and then as we are talking to our people around the globe and we have the ability of course to see little bit further out with pipeline that we will look at in our sales pipeline and that's more positive reflecting some of the K-12 activities that I mentioned, which I think will translate into bookings in the year. Being that K-12 schools generally are a little bit smaller and typically had a lot of activities between April and September possibility there that we will see some of that come through toward the middle or early fall in the year and that would be a good indication for us that we are seeing momentum there. Our view about being a little bit lighter than dodge has better view now for the long time but particularly in the last year around how institutional cover would really take shape and it has a lot to do with industry capacity of trades people about how funding flows through municipalities and states and just the ability to construct as much infrastructure frankly it's not going to snap back at that double digit rate. I believe that you will see more sustained mid single digit curve going forward.
Mike Lamach: Julian, mechanically to Club Car last year, last 10 days on a storm about 10 days, first on these issues that we are not going fax really write after that so you don’t have that repeating. So just by having a more normal low single digit Club Car business leveraging at really good margins which it normally would do plus not having to repeat last year ice storm again happened in February. So let’s hope that we don’t get one down there again that out of snap back even mechanically much better just to do that alone.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Julian if you recall, our structural view was something in the 14% to 16% range for the Climate so I think clearly, we think there is structural opportunity up in that area so let’s work on that probably next. We are always away from that at this point in time and I think that they are going to continue to see that but again it takes investments, we’re investing heavily into product, channel, service footprint all around a long term view that that’s structural in the business. We can update that in May talk about it that point in time but we are really pleased to be where we’re at this point, it’s great execution by the entire global team both residential and commercial and the service business. So, all [indiscernible] there really.
Mike Lamach: We saw some of the higher margin businesses last year was order volatility that you can literally be 200% sort of a historical rates and so market volatility that we are seeing in the world is translating the order volatility on stock and semi assembled products and we want to make sure is that with that stuff is very quick turn. Somewhat discretionary in terms if you got the product you are going to sell it, we don’t want to be stingy on that we want to make sure we protected against the possibility that sort of volatility and so widening out the corn barns, widening of the stock rates and we think about the certain product in the company that we say if the zero stock of product literally 100.0x you want product you get the product if want it and we really like that when those products, the contribution is accretive of the overall margins of the company. So, margins accreted to the company’s overall margin profile, stock, semi stock, we want to have product when you want to buy it and there is no point with cost to capital being what it is, you feel stingy about that. So it’s just straight economics.
Mike Lamach: Yes, if you listen to me for a long enough I don't talk about sort of market share one way or the other much because I think that over the long run if you are growing margins and your growth rate is higher than your peer set, you must be doing good job. Our approach is to be top quartile every single year around incremental margins and organic growth. That’s what we have done over the last five years on margin and last couple of three years on our organic growth profile company. So that's our formula and I can tell you that we feel like the investment and the product and service it's working and I feel like even more that toward the compressed air side of our business, the tool side of our business and fluid side of our business our pro rata as Sue mentioned that is good, good for us as well. We see good growth opportunities. We see some pockets of growth and some niche opportunities for the product that we have assessed. We have done a lot of strategic analytic behind the scenes to support that. So we feel good about that. We are going to poke in those areas. So compressed air, tools, fluids, all big ideas that we have got to kind of throw that disproportional. The product growth team around the company, you heard me talk about that, we have doubled those in 2015, we have got outsized growth and share and margin performance in those last year for the six that we had and feel like we have got the capacity to take on and do six more for 12 in total. I am excited about that going into 2015 eventually really having that match the value stream of the company. In fact all of those product growth teams are actually value streams in the company anyway. So that was pre requisition to selecting those so this is over the next five years looking out I think really good model to draw the company and focus our strategy.
Mike Lamach: My comment on the 40 basis points was rather than trying to be self precise in our ability to predict flux rates to commodities we run cases toward how quickly can we respond or react business in different inflation or deflation environments and could we sustain 20, 30 basis points of improvement. A big part of that though is not just relationship between the cost of commodity and pricing of the current product. Its making sure that there is a an economic value estimation of new product that better value prices what's it's replacing and where there is an opportunity to grow margins on the top line relative to that economic value created, that's the big idea obviously that we are doing fairly well at this well. So the introduction of new products for us is enormous opportunity to raise the margin profile of the company even if we were to hold commodity and pricing flat on the legacy product which is not our goal of course, it's price there too. But, not all that out that's how we come back to 20, 30 basis points positive but on multiple scenario.
Mike Lamach: No, different thing. The commodity tailwind largely it's going to be reflective on competitive pricing at some point in time. And so that’s going to take its own I think competitive dynamics into consideration. New products that we are launching and when you look at the as an example the energy efficiency or the reliability of the product or the total cost of ownership or other service ability factors that can translate into a value into the customer that's not something that you see a cost for, you see a margin pricing opportunity. That's the kind of thing that we actually want to make sure that we are doing good job understanding that as we launch the product. So there are two different thoughts that both show up in the pricing column.
Mike Lamach: I just want to make sure that I want to give Steven a crack to make sure that we got is questions so if you could just make sure Steve if you could tell us we got it, I will give you one more crack out if we didn’t if not we will go on.
Mike Lamach: We are coming off a peak Dave, and I think that as we look at even some of the changes that have made in terms of driver stops and the ability to create additional driver capacity through decent number of inventory stops helps create and unlock a little bit of capacity to our customers. With that being said you are coming really off the peak and so again lapping the new product lapping the old product is not that big sort of revenue price differential that we are going to get lapping out this year to last year we will get something but not much. But early in the year and again this is an early read on the full year, you tend to lock in orders really early lock in customer intend and there is a lot of sensitivity to market and capacity for these customers so throughout the years those intangible rates may change. So that in particular David is a good reason for us to update the guidance in April and July because that number can move around. But right now that really is our best guide. 
Mike Lamach: Backlog is up a little higher than that. The order trends are okay year at the slow. So it's a forecast that we have got.
Mike Lamach: You know actually this morning you are correct I mean you are bringing all of Cameron in this year at the beginning of the year so the math is little bit different. The true incremental of the company is closer to 40 and then Cameron is a start to that okay in the one year.
Mike Lamach: Jeff, when we looked about evaluating the business as we acquired it we had given at 10%, 15% year cut from where it was just based on what we knew that I am glad we did based on what we are seeing. So, your math isn’t too far off. We are somewhere between 350 and 360 and probably how we see that.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I think the good news Jeff is that we have been really able to kind of go back and look at the EBITDA and EBIT numbers and confirm that we have got line of sight to how to do it based on business case we put together which to your point already was year cut 10%, 15%, as we did the valuation for it.
Mike Lamach: I will correct on the IT span Jeff, that’s the only one that flattens out. And relative to the business investments it really depends on the pipeline of ideas and there is an innovation review that we are conducting all the time. There are multi generation road maps that we are looking at for the product and we think we have got a pretty good equation here. And again if we could continue to get the same incremental margin in growth in the business we would have no reason to tell you that we are going to ever change the investment profile what we are doing. Now having said that we don't know beyond about 18 months because it really does depend on what that multi generation product plan might look like or what acquisition like in terms of footprint that we are bringing on board to serve channel footprint which is another big part of the investment. So, we are going to give it a year time but what you will see, kind of hear is that we are investing in growth of the company and in the FX performance of the company at about the same rate albeit larger absolute dollar year to year to year.
Mike Lamach: Steve, I think your question about share count, I will bring in the expert too if I get off track we will be issuing shares in the first part of the year at the programs and buying back shares in last part of the year so you are going to see delusion in the first couple of quarters and then you are going to see us coming back to neutral on the back half of the year just the way that it averages share count for the full year. So, average share count it just not beginning, I’m sorry beginning and ending but it certainly yes, extremes of issuing in the first quarter and doing a lot of buybacks towards the fourth quarter.
Mike Lamach: Steve, our philosophy in giving guidance has always sort of net R&O that we see for guidance and for quarter. One of the things that you don’t see in our numbers now as we haven’t put anything in for Venezuela, it’s just noisy for us to forecast that didn’t know what’s going happen at some point probably will happen and we can just update you when something like that actually happens. You also noticed that we didn’t spend much really in restructuring last year rather than putting noise around that if we see something that we need to be doing, we are going to do that and update you on that but probably can manage that within the base that we have got. The rest of the items that show up in here are typically commercial puts and takes when something lose something, it’s all based on pipelines that have typically four levels of commitment everything from we’ve pretty much got at the back to pretty much of the competition got at the back, a case when you get a swinger, [indiscernible] lose one that we were we should have got, as we net those things out, the operational performance of the company is becoming much more predictable in terms of how executing against that and again this is big kudos for the bench strength around the company operationally forgetting the time, quarter-over-quarter, quarter for long time now and managing through that because they’ve their own unique set of R&Os between suppliers that are having floods and fires and suppliers that we are switching out changing, line moves, plant moves and running the day to day so that’s the kind of thing to look at on at least monthly basis.
Sue Carter: So, Andy when you think about what happened in the fourth quarter overall, first of all we talked about that the revenues guide was up and the revenues that came through were good revenues that provided some additional leverage and when you look at the pieces of the business we gone from good productivity out of our cost base, we got some good productivity out of the direct material inflation and from some of our other components of cost whether it would be something like warranty or other item, so really when you take in you look at the quarter and all of the pieces everything was just better than the way that we had looked at it because people in our businesses did a great job of not only executing on the revenue side, but they also did a great job of executing on the cost side which like I said cross board and all of the different categories gave us additional productivity. So, there is no really one big thing that you can look at but -
Sue Carter: Alright, so Nigel the way that I would start looking at that piece of the business as you divided really into sort of four almost equal categories or pieces of the business, so you got the engineered aero piece of the business which is largely the air separation and pieces you can't replant aero piece there was two pieces though again let’s call each of the pieces 25% of the business for the sake of argument, there was two pieces of business that were really going flux with just the IGR industrial indices. So, those are not going to be as exposed you got the process gas pieces of the business again another 25% of the business and that has some exposure that comes to the oil and gas side but then pieces of the business is going to look at a lot of things that are hydrocarbon. So, well you have an impact from the oil and gas pricing, you also have the piece that says that there was some power generation. So, conversion from vehicle to a lower natural gas price which is a good thing and something that around the globe that business has so products into which it’s not necessarily seeing as much impact as well as petrochemicals which have been strong and so that’s another 25% of the business and that of course the other side of the aftermarket. So again, when you think about the business, the exposure directly to oil and gas is really in that one piece but it is not the entire piece of the business and it’s not just a negative. And one of the things that you asked Nigel was impacts, since we actually signed up the transaction and so what we’ll see is if you recall the commentary when we bought the business was that this is, the long lease bookings for the business so the things that you book in one year going to sell the next year. We saw some lighter bookings in the back half of 2014 before we actually started operating the business. So, we will expect some of the lightness that we talk about is more in the back half. Mike talked about in his commentary that their first quarter revenues were like that’s part of the normal cycle that isn’t anything to do with the market or how we are seeing the business. So, not a lot of oil and gas exposure and truthfully let me expand that out just a little bit and talk about the total company because that maybe another question that you might have is for the total company. I would say you could ask to me the oil and gas piece maybe 2% of revenues something in that range. So, I think we are on solid footing with the Cameron business, we’re looking at the synergies we think we’re going to continue to do a really good job of executing notes and the fourth piece of the business that I didn’t mention was the aftermarket piece and the service piece which is our intention to grow.
Sue Carter: So again, Nigel when I think about the investments spending and I think about 2015 so our incremental spending is going to be up on a year-over-year basis. It goes from something like $64 million up to sort of $82 million number with the investments for 2015 and so here is how I would look at those actual investment is when we start to look at them and we look at where we are investing money. So about 50% of the investment dollars in 2015 are going to be in product and product related type of area. So, I mean that one include any go to market type of pieces out of the investment spend and then you are going to have the other pieces which are going to be the business operating system so call at another 25% and then the IT system and so when you think about sort of that break down and think about it in terms of overall strategy we want to continue to grow the investments in our product and how we go to market with the product. We certainly want to continue to invest in the business operating system per the strategy and those things are really paying off for us. So, we think that those numbers in 2015 are good investments and something that is really going to be helpful for us.
Sue Carter: Joe, let me try that one on and the Mike can add some color if he chooses at the end. So the way that I would think about our pricing versus the direct material inflation which is how we talk about it is, we look to have a positive spread in sort of 20 to 30 basis point revenue. So, it looks a lot like 2014. So, we built that capability and in the pricing with our ability to anticipate and react. So, we are focused on maintaining that spread regardless of sort of what's happening on the commodity side. Now having said that, we are fully aware that copper has come down and in price. Now the impact to an Ingersoll Rand based on the way that we buy copper is really going to be more in the back half of the year. So, we go into the front half of the year being we bought 70% of the copper that we are going to buy. So, you are not going to have a direct impact in the earlier part of the year based on that commodity spend and then we also have exposure on the aluminum and the steel side which are more than the flattish. So overall, in 2015, again you have got the piece that you know with the benefit coming out of copper but we still think that in total direct material is going to have a slight headwind for us and we think we are going to have pricing that's 20 to 30 basis points above that direct material inflation overall.
Sue Carter: So Julian, when we think about industrial and what's happening in those markets, you are right, as we look at 2015 we have got the revenue growth on the legacy business we are looking at that 40% leverage in 2015. We think that the business has got good line of sight to the market, to the orders that they are expecting. They all been owning their strategies and again if you think about what we were doing with reorganization of the business and going to a business unit structure and focusing on growth that gives us a lot of confidence that we have got people that are looking at right things in terms of the products and the revenue growth they have also been looking in prioritizing some really good payback investments that support the growth those include product development, service infrastructure investments for the business and other channel investments and so when you look at 2015 there are larger percentage of the investment spends and they are of our revenue profile but we think that those are, we think that those are the right things for those businesses to be doing. And so what we think is as you put all of those pieces together with the team is focused on the businesses and growth focused on their different markets and the focus on investments to really grow those businesses that’s what gives us confidence that the business will have that 2015 that we are projecting.
Sue Carter: Yes, and I think Jeff, when again as Mike said your math is right and when you think about the business being down and we went through all of the different pieces one of the areas where my assessment is that they meet on the booking side in the back half of last year was on the normal booking bill that goes on in the business. Now what causes that I don't know because we weren’t in control but that's something that our team and the Cameron team now part of Ingersoll Rand need to look at for 2015 and really focus on getting that book and bill back in to it. I think the issue is it's not a fundamental issue with the business. It's getting into our operating system and our management team and focusing on the business and just operating.
Sue Carter: Steve, I think the way that that we thought about it and just modeled it for you was if you take that $950 million to a $1 billion maybe a third of it goes to our dividend. We said that we would follow our long term guidance which is to add a minimum key the delusion from occurring from option exercises and from programs that things are maturing and so we gave it to you in those two pieces and then send the remaining say third of the cash flow that we would toggle between M&A and share repurchases and it’s we just broke it up that way so that you would say okay here is the minimum that they’re going to do and then the piece if we have good M&A candidates that follow along with our strategy for that we would do it and if not we would look to return the cash for shareholders.
