Mike Lamach: Thanks, Steve. Please advance to slide #17. Our forecast for 2011 is based on steady improvement in our markets. We continue to expect a slow recovery in the U.S. and European economies, growth in Asia and mixed activity levels in our major vertical end markets. We believe recent activities indicate that we’re seeing stages of recovery in refrigeration, industrial, commercial HVAC parts, contracting and service as well as signs of improvements in commercial and residential HVAC equipment. We expect to see a continuation of the challenging conditions in the U.S. non-residential and new construction market for at least the first half of the year, which will continue to primarily impact the commercial security in HVAC businesses. We are certainly encouraged, however by orders and backlog. We continue to focus on achieving productivity, continued investment and a long-term growth through innovation. Based on this improving view of the world, our revenue range for full-year 2011 is $15 billion to $15.3 billion, up 7% to 9% compared with 2010. Climate Solutions revenues are expected to be up 6% to 8% with mid single-digit increases in HVAC equipment and high single-digit gains in both refrigeration, contracting parts and service We expect industrial to show gains in the high single to low double-digits, residential is expected to be up 6% to 8% with HVAC up mid to high single digits while residential security will be up low to mid single digits due to continued stocking controls of Big Box retailers and a slow housing recovery. Security Technologies is expected to show mid single-digit year-over-year improvement due to its exposure to non-residential building especially in North America. This results in a full-year forecast again of $15 billion to $15.3 billion equal to a 7% to 9% full-year growth for totaling Ingersoll-Rand. Please go to slide #18. This slide briefs our 2010 performance with our 2011 forecast. Margins up the midpoint of this range would be of just over two points from 8.9% to 11%. Volume mix and FX add 1.2 points to margins; will be about 30 basis points negative on price increases versus material inflation. We implemented price increases at the end of 2010 mainly effective at the beginning of 2011. However, commodities have continued to increase since that time, so although we continue to review our pricing levels versus materials costs, this guidance assumes only the current actions. Total productivity at the 5% level offset by other inflation is 2.9 points accretive to margins and as we continue to invest for the future in innovation and in growth, this will have an impact of about 50 basis points. We have a contingency of 120 basis points because when you set stretched targets across the company, some things may not go as planned. Inflation maybe higher or may decide to step up investments to drive growth or cost reduction. All in, this all translates to a total leverage of about 40% on the incremental volume and is essentially the same earnings growth model that we laid out last May. Our tax-rate will be about 24% in 2011 which is a $0.23 negative year-over-year EPS impact and our share count will be 345 million shares which has a $0.04 negative impact year-over-year. We expect restructuring spend to be flat with 2010 and to be backend loaded in order to minimize disruption during peak seasonal demand. That brings us to a total EPS for continuing operations in the range of $2.90 to $3.10. We expect to generate available cash flow of about $1.1 billion. This guidance does not reflect any redeployment of cash which we still expect to begin in the first half of this year. Please go to slide #19. So in summary, we’re forecasting 2011 revenues up 7% to 9% and continuing EPS up about 30% at the midpoint. First quarter revenues are forecast up 6% to 9% as the economy continues to recover. Reported EPS from continuing operations for the first-quarter are projected to be approximately $0.25 to $0.35 on a reported basis, up substantially from last year. Operating income leveraged in the first-quarter at about 30% will be lower than the full-year average, since it is expected to be the toughest comparable quarter in terms of year-over-year inflation, as inflation was fairly low in the first half of 2010 and pricing has not yet caught up to rising commodities. To sum up, we expect 2011 to demonstrate our continued and unrelenting focus on driving toward premiere performance across each of our businesses, while steadily increasing the delivery of customer focused innovation. We expect to see continued improvement in revenue growth and significant earnings growth as we deliver on these objectives. So Steve and I’ll be now pleased to take your questions.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Steve, I’ll start. This is Mike and then I’ll let Steve get his input as well. Across the company, we’ve had increased a range from 2% to 6% in terms of what we’ve announced and I would think about that more of it sort of an umbrella around what we put out in the market place Depending on the business res HVAC and security being very quick in terms of price realization and large air and applied HVAC being very long in terms of realization, we would expect to phase in over the course of the year. So right now, pricing for the year we’re thinking to be about 1.5%, again 2% to 6% backdrop. We think inflation at the current levels in terms of material would be about 1.8% that gives us a 30% inversion on that relationship.
Mike Lamach: Steve, the way it really works is, you put the increase out and there are some amount of realization that just happens I think with the ebb and flow competition during the year. I think it happened across all of the areas that we compete as our competitors have done the same thing and what you will tend to see is a higher realization within the umbrella that’s been announced. If things were really to dramatically increase from this level then I think you would see a secondary round of increase. I think there is a lot of headroom between the 2% and 6% across the portfolio.
Mike Lamach: Steve, I think the first answer I gave you is every year we have a contingency. This is the first year we’re actually laying it out for you. And I really think that this is consistent with the offer we’re trying to make being a bit much more transparent around how we’re thinking about business and really allowing you to see that and apply that to where you might think there would be strengths and some weaknesses across the portfolio, whether the buyers would be toward productivity or pricing or excess material inflation, allowing you to adapt that, but as always, when we give guidance, we’re assuming middle of the range is where our performance would be at the time we get it.
Mike Lamach: If you go back and you look at lessons learned for us in 2010, one of the things that we want to apply in 2011 is really the timing of restructuring in investments relative to peak seasonal demand. And you go back to sort of Q2, Q3 issues we had, and the res businesses is an example and we wouldn’t want to repeat something like that with the demand that we’re seeing. So, I think, you’re seeing from our point of view when you imply this sort of come back in key markets, making sure that we don’t do anything to miss customer expectations or to lose the opportunity on the volumes that are coming through the door.
Mike Lamach: Actually, I’d tell you, first of all, material productivity was in great shape and so you kind of take that off the table and you’re really down to labor and indirect productivity. I would say the majority of the productivity mix would have been in labor, where we were working significant overtime, really across the whole globe in November and December to meet demand, primarily that. The logistics piece of that would not be electronics, but it would, in fact, be a lot more the intercompany movement. As an example, we have a Coil Center of Excellence in one part of North America serves coils for the balance or sheet metal is an example that we would move into operations from various other locations, so it would have been more intercompany related than it would have been historically with supply chain, outside the company would have been an impact more in Q2, Q3 of last year.
Mike Lamach: It was actually unrelated to the restructuring. It was related to the demand forecast in key plants. And so as an example, in security technologies, we had gone through around of downsizing, restructuring in a number of North American plants, right around November, very early December, only to get large spike in demand and that’s pretty quick stuff there, two days or three days in a lot of cases ended up working substantial over time across most the North American plants and security, all the way through December 31st as an example.
Mike Lamach: Scott, I’d add, just to say, if you go back and listen through the last couple of years anyway, 2.5 years perhaps, there has been consistency around and we’re trying to be very predictable on how we’re ordering and thinking about things. First order of business for us was really repairing the balance sheet post-Trane acquisition and we think by all counts have got that well under control at this point in time. Second piece of this was to come back and really put a competitive dividend out in marketplace relative to peer group. Third piece of this was to control dilution, as Steve mentioned, and we ordered that in our thought process before we move on to anything beyond that. So, just sequentially think about, it’s kind of moving through that order of priorities.
Mike Lamach: One thing has gone well I think between copper and aluminum is that copper for us will probably buy say 10% less than the prior year. When you think about that in the face of 6% to 8% climate demand, you’d see less reliance on copper, conversely, you’d see about a 20% increase in the amount of aluminum we’re buying, again moving through the shift where we can from copper to aluminum.
Mike Lamach: Number one, I think that this has been no surprise to us and to our suppliers for two years. So we’ve been working at this for that long, around working with select suppliers around capacity and around long-term agreements, around that capacity and pricing, so, there’s no surprises relative to that. For most of the residential HVAC business where we can is to move it to aluminum and in the commercial business, there’s obviously opportunities there, little slower to move just due to some of the size that we deal in terms of equipment and engineering changes to make that happen, but that in the commercial business is progressing, where res, I would say would be largely complete in 2011, commercial might be a quarter of the way along that process and there’s still opportunity in 2012 in that area.
Mike Lamach: Actually, we’ve had across most of our businesses, smaller diameter copper for a long, long time and that was a productivity item that was in 2009 and early 2010 for us. So I guess I’m not sure about if people told you anything different, but I can tell you that we’ve gone to center copper tubing and working with center copper tubing for a year and a half, two years.
Mike Lamach: I’ve never thought about it the way that you’re expressing it, Nigel. I mean we think about it all as reducing the permanent cost structure and the permanent run rate in the business, so I am not sure I can give you an answer to that question. We believe we’ve seen utilization increase probably eight points to nine points. So if you take our fixed cost reduction component of productivity, as an example, we’re probably eight points to nine points kind of low-to-mid 40s overall utilization from a plant perspective and we would likely make that type of gain again in our expectations for 2011 on the fixed piece. On the variable piece, there is obviously all the PO to PO [ph] reduction around material and material change relative to VA/VE. We see as permanent and that has gone and continues to go particularly well for us. So, the productivity miss in my mind has been really on the waiver side and real issue therefore isn’t that we’re missing pact or cycle times, it’s the fact that we are working overtime to a large extent based on the inability to have an accurate demand forecast.
Mike Lamach: No, I mean this is really a roll-up of what we get from the businesses with ranges. That is always expressed on risk and opportunity. So I mean could it be better? Sure. It depends a little bit about the Q4 booking for long lead items and what it is that we think we can pull if anything from Q2 to Q1. Also, on the HVAC commercial business, there probably was a little bit of a pull up there as well with customers wanting shipments earlier, projects cycles happening earlier, we might have had $20 million, $25 million of pull forward in the commercial HVAC space.
Mike Lamach: Josh, I’m going to give you probably a pretty simplified answer here is, if we see that kind of growth in Q1 we’re going to adjust guidance to that point in time, but right now, we are bounded here to what we think the reasonable outcomes would be. If we had increased demand beyond that, we’re looking for a forecasting process that’s going to be a little bit tighter for us to be able to see it and react to it sooner and then if you go back to bit of a root cause again in Q4, I would say the learning there is that, it was a good problem to have, but nonetheless, it’s a problem when you miss it like that. So we got to get better in 2011 around that and if we see stronger revenues, we certainly would be guiding towards, and we would be updating forecast to reflect that from a delivery perspective.
Mike Lamach: The industries move together here and so you’re not I think getting to seeing much in terms of outliers at this point in time around rising prices that need impact pricing. The parts of the business that work slower just by nature of the fact that you’ve got a big backlog are going to be the large air business and the applied business where you might have locked pricing in six months earlier around the delivery and so you’re going to see a mix issue there in terms of the realization. Also those businesses work where every customer and every project is quoted and so there’s an iteration of activity in a competitive way to see prices beginning to materialize in the marketplace as opposed to businesses like security or Big Box retail, whether the price or price list and it goes off instantaneously.
Mike Lamach: We would have looked at net price realization of about 70 basis points. We would have looked at material inflation of about 160 basis points, other inflation probably 240 basis points, so, that gives you all the variables there.
Mike Lamach: I think it depends on situation. There are very different situations. One was a real forecast. We had everything we needed to achieve the forecast we put in place. If you miss the forecast then clearly, you’re going to go through (inaudible) to get things done. The supply chain issue we had in the second-quarter was specifically a supplier where we had an issue around getting parts and unfortunately those parts were coming out of Asia.
Mike Lamach: Jeff, I guess to tell you the third part of your question would be, would we carry higher safety stock on a particular move? If you did it in season, which we’re not going to do, absolutely we would do that. If we do it out of season, I think we need to go back and see, do we have enough safety stock to be able to manage a move? Even it’s off season, we look at that. We’re looking at working capital in the 2.5 range and clearly, if we had to invest a bit more and get it right for our customers we’d do that. That’s not sort of throttling component of how we think about thingsJeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, Thanks, guys.
Mike Lamach: Deane, we’re not going to get the cart up in front of the horse here, right? I mean it’s going to go back to balance sheet, dividend, dilution, down the road sensible acquisitions and we’re not through the dividend and dilution aspect of our game plan at this point.
Mike Lamach: We’ll always evaluate things that will work in the portfolio going forward but I don’t have any updates for you here today. That’s something that when we get in March we can probably give you more of a sense of how we’re thinking about those things.
Mike Lamach: Jeff, I go back to the umbrella that was set out there, 2% to 6% and for guidance purposes, if you assume, midpoint of that 4% right, and you say, half of it gets realized to 2%, our plan is for 1.5%. So I think we’ve got some room here within the umbrella that we’ve set around price increases and I think you’re hearing that from folks that are in the same businesses that we’re. So I don’t think we’re going to have much of an issue around folks working inside the net that they have got to the extent we see spot rates increase up, people working on higher realization with the pre-announced pricing.
Mike Lamach: Hussmann had a good quarter.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: You didn’t seem to make the slide, so I was kind of curious.
Mike Lamach: Orders were probably down closer to 10.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: And then finally, Steve if you can, if you look at –
Steve Shawley: Absolutely, Steve. I can remember in the Spring last year when we got together, we talked about the model, and I think I even mentioned that when you go through the algorithm in the model, you’ll come up with the need to put some contingency in it, to satisfy the two points per year of margin improvement. In other words, if you go through all the variables that we’ve given you in that model, you come up with more than two points a year, so this is just a contingency against, as Mike said, stretch goals we had out there. We’re going through this inflation versus price period of time, that’s probably the initial concern. But quite frankly, the push to drive productivity to the levels that we’ve got in our model, there’s a bit of hedge there. And also don’t forget, if you look at this model, we’ve included in here five points of investments back into the business.
Steve Shawley: That’s an incremental increase in investments that we got in the model every year. So if we see things going our way, which we’d hope that that would happen, we’d not hesitate to take some of this contingency and plough it back into the business in a form of more productivity investments and possibly, more product launches pulling up programs we have in the pipeline, perhaps giving me even faster.
Steve Shawley: Robert, I’d start with, if you look at root cause for us is the way they’re higher, it really gets down to, in the fourth-quarter, what was our forecast capability in the quarter and it’s an interesting problem, we haven’t had it in probably ten quarters where we’re surprised to the degree we were on the upside and some really amazing ways and I can give you some color on some different ways that happened during the quarter and during the year. But that level of variability and demand and if you fix the fact that we’re always going to meet customer expectations around delivery and timing, then it put you into enormous (inaudible) around trying to get sort of quarter to happen with demand that occurred. Examples, we launched a mid-size rotary air compressor in the late summer and we had a pretty aggressive launch plan in there and we achieved a whole year’s worth of results in one quarter based on that launch plan. Example, we had launched chiller platform and localized in a region, and expected 15% growth and the chiller platform had 70% growth in the chiller platform. And then you come back to the res business and say, November, December were enormous bookings months for HVAC and surprisingly, even commercial unitary was up 20% bookings. We’d not planned on that, we’d not sort of forecasted that demand and so it was a very busy time for us and we didn’t miss the material productivity at all, we missed labor productivity through overtime and we missed logistics in order to make the supply chain work, so that’s a bit of a color on kind of what happened third-quarter to fourth-quarter from my point of view.
Steve Shawley: We’ve talked about this on a number of occasions and if we look at our priority list here, the first thing we want to do is go to our Board and suggest that we increase our dividends, in essence, start the path to get our dividend payout consistent with our peer group over a period of time. We wouldn’t do that all in one year, but we would certainly take significant steps towards getting to a much higher level of payout over the next two years to three years. We’d expect to begin that. That would probably be the first thing that we do. We hope to do that even some time in the second-quarter. The second priority is share buyback to control the dilution. Some of you had questions about share count estimates for 2011. We’ve assumed no share buyback in that share count, but we’re fully aware of the fact that since we have put the converts out there in 2008, we’ve diluted the share count. I think we started about 325 million shares and now we’re up to almost to 345 million, so we have targeted the next step to be buying back shares to start controlling that dilution bringing that dilution back down, that would be our second priority. And again, we would be petitioning the Board for establishing a share buyback authorization as early as the second-quarter.
Steve Shawley: I’d just give you some examples there, numbers of shares, we haven’t targeted any number of shares to be bought back or any period of time at this point in time and we have a lot to discuss with our Board. We should be in a better position to talk about that when you are here for the meeting on the 2nd March.
Steve Shawley: Yes, if you look at copper, obviously, that’s a big factor. What we’ve got factored in is, just what you see in the futures markets, we’ve updated that just several days ago, so I think if you look at the average copper price we’d be expecting in 2011, it’s like $4.35, that’s the market price, that’s open. We’ve got a third of our copper requirements locked. So if you look at the weighted average between locked and market using $4.35 in market, we would be at about $4.25 something like that. Aluminum, similar kind of story. The current market projections, if you look at the average of futures is about a $1.17. We have locked it somewhere about the same number, same percentage, so we would be at about something slightly below $1.17 going into the year for aluminum.
Steve Shawley: No, but we can. If you look at what we tee up in 2011 will be about a $0.25 billion, about $250 million.
Steve Shawley: Before we go there, I just want to make sure maybe this is a little bit of a clarification. When we talk about capacity utilization, we go back and measure it at the low point. In other words, back in 2008-2009, we’re running about 30%. So Mike’s commentary about being up to 40% is on flat volume assumptions. We are actually running ahead of 40% or much more than 40% in capacity utilization right now because of volume, but what we hold out as the standard for ourselves in terms of the footprint program that we have is, we wanted to improve. In fact, we wanted to double capacity utilization at the beginning of 2009 capacity utilization levels.
Steve Shawley: Eight points to nine points.Andrew Obin – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And then just if you could answer the question on relationship between pricing and inflation, should we expect it to turn positive by the second half of the year? That would be my last question.
Steve Shawley: The spreads wider in Q1 were probably 40 basis points upside down. In Q1, we end the year. We think at this point 30 basis points upside down. So there is not a material flipping there, if you will, Andrew. It’s pretty much 1.5 points of price or so coming through the year each quarter with inflation probably being a little bit stronger in Q1 relative to the comparable we had in 2010.Andrew Obin – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Steve Shawley: Look, we want to grow the company profitably at 15% operating margins and higher consistent with our model. So if the best opportunities we had were to invest that and growth and we were seeing projects and opportunities that would be accretive in terms of product being replaced with higher margin products we’re in it for the long run. So, I would tell you that I sit here today looking out over a long period of time and want to make sure we are delivering this kind of gains, five, seven, ten years from now, so that’s how I look at it.
Steve Shawley: And Jeff, also, there was a big factor here. The biggest gorilla we have in the park here is the training commercial business. As we said that’s been down since 2008 and you see the kind of recovery we’ve seen in that particular segment of the business, it’s pretty bumpy, okay? That’s really kind of where we ran into. So when Mike said with these very different circumstances, the biggest area, the challenge that we had was in the training commercial areas and gearing up for the equipment that went out in the fourth-quarter. We go from being down to double-digit increase, quarter-to-quarter, that’s a pretty massive change.
Steve Shawley: We certainly have not given up the concept of acquisitions. Hopefully, you’ve heard me say somewhere along the line that we’re also very, very interested in getting our return on invested capital up to at least our weighted average cost of capital. The way to do that is improve margins, to run the business the old fashion way, and to drive the two points of margin improvement a year that we’re targeted on, that is a huge priority, because if you take a look about the history of the company, quite frankly, the capital employed in our acquisition efforts, you could question. There is the impact on our return on invested capital as a result of those decisions. If we look at M&A going forward, quite frankly, it’s going to be the companies that can be accretive to our portfolio quickly. So what that translates to in any M&A environment? Expensive type of companies, if you were to go buy them, so I would say it’s our third priority at this point in time from a capital allocation perspective, because sorting through the type of company that we would be, type of enterprise, we would be interested in bringing into those portfolio to be accretive fairly quickly is sort of how we’re thinking about it at this point in time.
Steve Shawley: What happened in the fourth-quarter was, we had some favorable audit settlements that occurred. Because of the increasing earnings in general, we were able to take advantage of certain tax assets that we previously could not, so would value those tax assets, that happened in the fourth-quarter of ‘10. Going forward it’s very much a shift to earnings in higher tax and jurisdictions, including the US, so it’s a geographic mix question going into 2011. I think when we talked about our model, we also told everybody that, as we go through the next few years, we’ll be looking at tax rates in the mid-20s, we’re a seeing a little bit of a pop in that in 2011. Again ‘11 is driven by where the income will be earned.
Steve Shawley: We’ll have to call you back with that Jeff, okay? I don’t have that right on my finger tips, but we can give you this. We talked about the need to kind of as we talk about our model in the future putting in on this format, so Janet is prepared to talk about that, so she can give you a call back.
