Mike Lamach: Yes, you have to separate the business a bit Scott. So, take HVAC where we saw again really strong bookings growth and continued momentum there in services as well. And in those markets, I think, it's less susceptible particularly on the government commercial side involving infrastructure institutional work that there's more of a bias toward producing greenhouse gas emissions and as I've said hopefully a thousand times, if you're going to go attack the greenhouse gas emissions problem anywhere, you're going to hit HVAC whether it's stationary or transport first because 15% to 25% of most economies' global greenhouse gas emissions. So, I don't think that China will let its foot off the gas around codes, compliance and regulations that would improve air and water quality. That being said, you look at the Industrial business and here I think the trends are largely the same. Interestingly, we saw good growth in some of the smaller compressors, some of our contract-cooled rotary and certainly in our rotary compressor line-up in general, but certainly all three would have been part of that. So that continues. What I get mostly from our suppliers and from our customers that are, in China exporting outside of China particular to the U.S. is, they are waiting to see, however some of them are moving more rapidly to put incremental capacity in Asia, outside of China. So Vietnam is a favorite spot for that right now. So I think that you're already seeing sort of actions taken by Chinese companies that export. I think you'll continue to see that going forward. And by the way, it's a positive Scott for us because you know it doesn't matter sort of where they set up shop, we're going to be able to support them. 
Mike Lamach: Yes. We have a strong footprint throughout Asia, so you really can't get to a part of Asia where we don't have a team on the ground, sufficient capacity of supply. So it will be good so long as that capacity is unlocked somewhere we would have opportunity. 
Mike Lamach: Yeah. Sue, I probably add one point which is when you think about the productivity over a long period of time creating higher utilization and really opening up new capacities we've taken the decision over the years to slowly as projects emerge and you can consolidate reduce footprint we've done that. But you've seen in 2018 and 2019, a more aggressive view toward that. There was a step-up in 2018 not quite as high a step-up in 2019. That's at this point sort of the last of what we've see is the larger projects would entail for us. And we want to be clear that we're not thinking about a recession in 2019, but we wanted to get really in front of that final large restructuring now. And just really in the event that something would happen into the future around recession, we just can be that much more resilient around that. So that's another part of what the investments involved through 2018 and certainly in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Mike Lamach: Well, the total investment number on the bridge itself is always right around 40, 50 basis points and that's exactly what we're going to be modeling in 2019.
Mike Lamach: Steve I love you're adapting your question, because I was expecting the one about quarter one. And so let me answer that one actually first, because I appreciate that you're taking a longer view on that. Quarter one is usually the part that I think creates the most confusion around investors. But historically, if you look at the three-year average we've been around 12.4%. If you go to a long-term average, it's been around 11.1%. So I think that when you think about the seasonality for us, it largely comes into the first quarter. And for models that are between 11% and 12.5% you're kind of in a safe range. If you're north of that, you're probably figuring out something that we don't know about. So that's how I would kind of give you some thoughts around quarter one. The rest of the year sort of works itself out. I don't think there's been that many situations where there's been confusion around the back half of the year or even quarter two. 
Mike Lamach: Well, we've had a very strong HVAC year in quarter four in Europe and so that continues. And again, here this is – this bifurcation between economies, very focused on energy efficiencies, greenhouse gas emissions and making the regulatory changes to make that happen. So the growth rates there are outstanding. And then, you're looking at sort of the Industrial side of Europe is slower than that of course, as you're really I think factoring in sort of sloppier Brexit and I think the economy is a little bit in a slower mode there. But all in all, it's not – it's certainly not bad in Industrial in Europe for us and it's been great in HVAC. The Middle East just been choppier with the way orders come in there. Generally, you're talking about district cooling plants that are extremely large and whether we build them or not or modify them or not can make a difference quarter-to-quarter. So, I think the environment there is good for us. It's just a matter of lumpiness in the orders. So, we're relatively optimistic on Europe and certainly the Middle East as well. In terms of transport refrigeration in Europe, it's a little bit mixed. You've got a slowdown in Western Europe. You've got continued growth in Eastern Europe. You see a little slower European trailer market and you see a little stronger European truck market. And, again, I think this is just really working through some of the general economic concerns, largely Brexit. And clarity on Brexit, frankly, sort of a good outcome there. Clarity would be sort of a baseline outcome. I think it's a positive for the market and for our businesses.
Mike Lamach: Yes, we actually had one in 2016 and I wished we would have called it out in 2016 because that created a little bit of confusion in 2017 when it lapped. I think it was in the $128 million range, this one's closer to $200 million. So, I think that we're going to see more of these where it's a holistic approach toward reducing energy use in facilities, campuses, buildings, reducing the energy intensity, maybe even getting some grid flexibility moving toward alternative power. We're seeing more of that. And so for us, we're seeing that it involves design, equipments, lots of controls, service moderating over time, and that's a subcontract that will go along with that. So, they're lumpy. I've been probably talking about this for three or four quarters. So, that's one of the larger projects that we thought we will close and I think these things will get spotted in over time. This particular project will last about 40 months and it will earn revenue in a pretty linear fashion. And we like that. We like the -- again, the resiliency over four years and having a nice base business to build on. The margins are pretty good and so it shouldn't really affect what we expect to be good leverage for the business going forward.
Mike Lamach: Yes, it's both Nigel. I mean you can expect that it would be both for us. And it's really looking at the affordability the ROICs of the M&A that's out there based on what we think we could do that for and then comparing that toward intrinsic value. Of course, the benefit on the acquisition is building a compounding base of cash over time, particularly if they're good businesses strategically fit the core of the company. So that's the focus. But as we're not going to let cash sit around for long and we're going to deploy it somewhere. And that's what certainly happened in the fourth quarter, where you saw actually stepped up the buyback in the fourth quarter. Balance sheet is in great shape, so plenty of capacity there and flexibility to work with the balance sheet going forward.
Mike Lamach: And of course Joe, we delivered really outsized cash flow in a slowdown. So it's kind of a good problem to have as we're funding growth here. And it's not a worry in terms of what we think about everyday. The cash would be not a worry in terms of our ability to deliver that. We've done it historically. We'll do it in 2019 and it was good reason in 2018. The plan we always have is to increase turns. We usually plan at about half a turn, but we always throttle it back. The Trump card there is always on-time shipment, on-time delivery and when you've got sort of volatile order rates particularly biasing upwards, we want to make sure we've got plenty of safety stock or increased Kanban sizes to be able to handle particularly hard-to-get components and parts. And so we're just going to make sure that we're making hay while the sun is shining. So, Sue's point's exactly right, but we want to make sure to fulfill the growth and do it on time.
Mike Lamach: Well, our growth rates the forecast probably half of what it was last year. So I think to Sue's point, you're going to see where the capital come down anyway there a little bit. I think we comfortably get above 100% just based on that. But it's a 12-round fight, so you need to think about how this is going to evolve over the year. And if we've got a good outcome on some of the stuff that's out there, whether it's the debt ceiling negotiations, or Brexit, or China-U.S. tariff discussions, if it's a blue sky scenario there, we're going to adjust as necessary to go fulfill that.
Mike Lamach: Yeah. Look, I think that these projects kind of go in sort of two to five at a time that are out there on the horizon. They take often two, three years to develop. We'll often put $10-or-more million into the development of the project, as you can imagine. And so, as we get closer and closer toward thinking we've got something, we can certainly do that this year. We knew that we had one or two turned out to be the one really large one, there's a couple of smaller but in the magnitude of $50 million to $125 million that are out there.
Mike Lamach: Yeah. So resi, really from 2013 to the present, and I would say 18, for sure, consecutive quarters in a row we've had share gain. We really changed the strategy in 2013 product distribution, the model, investments in digital. And so for 18 straight quarters without a hiccup we've had share gain there. It was the same in the fourth quarter of this year. And the markets there remain strong. You have to realize that, 85% of what we do is going to be in the replacement market, not the new construction market. So think about the context of Ingersoll-Rand, you think about Residential HVAC as being less than 10% of our revenue. So you could think about – obviously, you're talking about a really small number, 1% to 2% being new construction and if that fell off even 20%, it would be a negligible dip for us. We're really built towards the replacement market and I think that's going to continue to be strong.
Mike Lamach: Well a couple of things, Andy. One is certainly the applied business remains strong, but I have to tell you the strength of the unitary – commercial unitary market was really strong as well. And so this just gives us a general sense about underlying economic conditions in the U.S. are still pretty positive. It's got long legs to have had that kind of growth for this long, particularly the results we had in the fourth quarter in commercial unitary. The applied institutional work continues to move along nicely, education and healthcare about 50% of that mix, and we think that education continues to be strong. We think that the healthcare continues to be strong. No outliers there that we're seeing on that front. So we think we've got a solid backlog built for 2019. And as I mentioned earlier on the question regarding the larger contract that we booked that Nigel asked that thing has a four-year span. So I think this thing has got legs through 2019 for sure. Now recognize too, Andy, for people let me -- just to keep it in context. When you think about our Commercial HVAC business, you get to think about 50% equipment, 50% service. You get to the equipment piece of this thing, it really breakdown pretty quickly between Institutional and Commercial. But the large component of what we do there is still replacement buildings in the U.S. And so I think there's always an opportunity for us to have more energy efficient, more environmentally friendly ideas going into our customers, and so there’s demand creation opportunity here as well.
Mike Lamach: So nothing remarkable jumps out to me at all on the year. It's pretty straight stick. I think that right in the ballpark there too of 25% of leverage that will continue to improve throughout the year. The mix if anything, I mean perhaps a little bit on the Res side or the TK side because we continually expand more of the opening price point for the product line. With TK there could be some mix with Europe being a little bit weaker and a bit more profitable than North America, a bit more maybe toward truck versus trailer in Europe. So little things on the edges, but I think it's a pretty straightforward year. The visibility around the backlog for TK particularly North American trailer units and around, obviously, power units is the most visibility we ever had in that business. I think we feel that way about the backlog in HVAC entering the year as well too. So a relatively straightforward plan here I think.
Mike Lamach: I'd say John, once we make these announcements into 2019 and as we think about extending the next round of long-term planning guidance that we do, you know this is something that will factor into improved margins and costs, of course lower fixed costs in the company going forward. And I think we can probably help recast that sometime later in the year for all investors to understand the benefit of what's happened. So we'll make a note to do that once we have announced our intentions. 
Mike Lamach: Well, first I mean back to John's question, when you think about sort of where all this restructuring spend has gone, the bulk of it at this point has gone into the Industrial business, particularly into the compressor business. And so I think building a higher-margin more resilient business is certainly what they've been doing. The other piece of that, is that service orders continue to outpace equipment growth, certainly again in Q4 too and that has both service penetration and its share of wallet strategies for our CTS business. We believe that from what we're seeing here there is certainly a balanced view toward what could happen. I mean clearly if there is some certainty around China-U.S. tariffs, we think certainty no matter what the outcome of that could be, is probably going to lock a little bit of growth there. So, I think it's a balanced view at this point in time, but I think we planned for a lower fixed-cost base, the restructuring through higher service mix. And that business has been prolific around investing back into the business. I want to say gives a full 50 basis points going back into Industrial and I think that that is always a sign of healthy business investing. In a downturn, you can take share and we want to make sure if that happens, we're taking share in a downturn too.
Mike Lamach: Yes. It can be Josh not particularly in this case, right? I don't think this one's going to be something that spikes out materially anything with leverage or incrementals. So, the margins on those projects are not bad. As we've talked in the past, you've got to look at the contribution margin to the entire business. Usually those projects have everything from an SG&A perspective loaded into the contract as well very little between contribution margin and operating income there are left to look at. So, I feel positive on that. Again, they're hard to do hard to forecast. We don't put them into base plans. And when we think we've got something that's got a high probability of closing, we might start to talk about it. And certainly when there's the magnitude of what we booked, we'll have to spike those out, so we get everything straight from a comp perspective. So, I hope that answers your question.
Mike Lamach: There's a lot of metrics to look at there, Andrew. I mean certainly you all can look at ADI, GDP growth, non-resi, fixed construction, all those look good. We've got the benefit of looking at--
Mike Lamach: Yes, we do as well and you guys certainly can look at that. The most important thing we can track though is we put a lot of investment into the systems we use in the front end of the Commercial process. So, the ability for us to understand pipelines better really supports strong institutional growth going forward. And I could just tell you that the number of -- and size of the projects from the institutional perspective are very healthy. And this goes back to the question around 2019 in Climate, what confidence do you have? Or maybe even to the larger Ingersoll-Rand question, what kind of confidence do you have in the guidance you put out? And I've got a high degree of confidence in what we put out today on all of that. But I would say the heart of that is because I feel very strongly about what's happening globally around HVAC, compliance, and certainly greenhouse gas emissions visibility, around institutional growth in North America, and around the visibility we have in the TK business. Those are all very strong indicators that I look back over 10 years of doing this and I probably haven't had at least the visibility I've got now into the backlog.
Mike Lamach: Yes sure. Andrew when you go back and look at sort of the pie charts that the business produces one we did at Investor Day and it shows the end markets that we serve, you ran out of colors and slivers on the pie chart. So, Automotive is a piece, but it's probably not more than 2% or 3% of what we do, electronics is a piece, it's not 2% or 3% of what we do, and pharma and food and beverage, and so on and so forth. So, automotive per se is not critical but it is indicative of a broader slowdown at times. It's indicative of the spending in the economy. So, we watch automotive and when we see automotive slow down, it can be a leading indicator for us for sure.
Mike Lamach: Industrial markets that remain strong would be food and beverage, pharma would be -- anything oil-free would certainly be strong for us. And then some of the weak-to-moderate markets are still going to be larger compressors where customers might be waiting at capacity to understand what's happening with trade.
Sue Carter: Yeah. Julian, it should be a good story for us in 2019. We really do expect to have greater than 100% of net income and free cash flow. And so as you take apart those pieces, let's talk about CapEx for a second with the approximately $300 million guide for 2019. That is lower than 2018. That was $366 million and there's a couple of components to that. We made a couple of decisions on projects in 2018. We had some carryover we had a warehouse facility where we were doing a warehouse consolidation absolutely a good project. We made a decision to lease versus buy. So long...
Sue Carter: All right. Owned versus leased. Sorry, Mike. So as you think about the CapEx, it sort of normalizes back into our more 1% to 2% of revenues range in 2019. So that's helpful. As you think about working capital, working capital isn't going to change from an overall strategy viewpoint, which is that you're always going to be looking to balance out your customer terms and your supplier terms. So DSO and DPO always looking to balance those out. And on inventory, you're looking to make sure that you have enough products to meet the demand that we have, which is, of course, been quite strong. And at the same time, meet your on-time customer delivery. What I would expect to see in the free cash flow guide in 2019 is that, as we move through 2019 that the working capital as a percentage of revenue is also going to normalize back more into our 3% to 4% range of the long-term guide. So we're moving back into more of the longer-term metrics in the 2019 statistics and that's what gives us the additional bump in free cash flow for next year.
Sue Carter: So John, the way I would think about it is the bigger pieces of the restructuring that we've been talking about in the footprint optimization arena between 2017, 2018 and what we're projecting into 2019 is sort in the range of you know 5 to 7 factories and those less than 5 year paybacks over time. So you're going to continue to build. We started that process in 2017 and so you're going to build savings as you go through each of the years going out into -- there will be savings obviously in 2019, but there will be increasing savings in 2020, 2021 from these projects. And again, it is really about optimizing the footprint, building capacity and building a better Ingersoll-Rand in the catching locations that's there, but it does provide a good return and it does have a great payback. 
Sue Carter: And I think Mike you made the point earlier in part of the discussions is that, we're not looking at these opportunities as a way to get ahead of an economic environment. We're actually looking at these opportunities to actually operate really well regardless of the economic environment. And so the fact that you can get a great return off of that, in addition to making the company stronger is terrific. 
