Zac Nagle: Thanks operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Ingersoll Rand's fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast on our website at ingersollrand.com where you will find the accompanying presentation. We are also recording and archiving this call on our website. Please go to slide two. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. This presentation also includes non-GAAP measures, which are explained in the financial tables attached to our news release. Joining me on today's call are Mike Lamach, Chairman and CEO and Sue Carter, Senior Vice President and CFO. Also joining today's call is Chris Kuehn, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, who we recently announced will be succeeding Sue Carter as Chief Financial Officer after her planned retirement post-closing of the reverse Morris trust transaction with Gardner Denver in early 2020. With that, please go to slide three and I will turn the call over to Mike.
Zac Nagle: Yes. I mean, Jeff, the market will be down close to 30% for trailers in the first quarter, North America trailers. Europe trailers, a similar number. APUs would be down 35% to 40% range. So that's really how you get there. Balance of the market being the other 40%. So it's really the decline in the areas that really outgrew in the fourth quarter of 2018, which were trailer and APUs. And those are down right now. That's the reason
Zac Nagle: Yes. Just to add to that, since we are guiding OI at this point, I would say, the average for OI for climate as a percentage of the year has been in the 15% range. It will probably be in the 14% to 15% range this year. So a little lighter in the first quarter.
Zac Nagle: I like to thank everyone for joining on today's call and to remind everyone that we will be available for questions as always today and in the coming days and then we look forward to connecting with you soon on the road, in upcoming conferences and roadshows. Thank you very much.
Mike Lamach: Steve, this is Mike here. Just one second, Steve. I would say that just from an internal planning perspective, once we filed all that we need to file around the restated financials, targeting something like a five to 10 day period after that, after you have digested it, to come back and provide more guidance. And so, we will likely structure our call, put a presentation together and lay out the 2020 guidance. And then we will reserve until the Investor Day, report back on the last three years and then restate going forward likely another three-year view for Trane Technologies through 2023.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Steve, the way our revenue bottoms out, first I would say that you are probably just going to see the bottom in both Europe and North America in the first quarter and then it's going to still be negative obviously as you can see from the graphs we have on slide 21 of the deck for the balance of the year. But from a bookings perspective, you recover obviously a little bit quicker than that. Although there is a fair amount of book in turn, I think that will happen in the business and so the comps get easy third, typically fourth quarter. So second, third and fourth quarter, you get to see bookings. I think, improving. Revenue progressively improves throughout the year in both regions.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Julian, I want to be very careful not to mix market expectations versus our internal businesses. So the market, I think that North America remains very healthy. We will see growth across the board equipment, parts and services. I think that we feel good about what will happen in institutional, particularly education and healthcare. We expect industrial and commercial also remain healthy. And then if I translate to our internal view in North America as an example, we end the year at 17% high teens kind of backlog over the prior year. So the setup for us and the setup for the market look pretty good. In Europe, where you have got the sort of flattish expectation in 2020 and still some lingering Brexit execution uncertainties, we will continue to outgrow the market as we have been really based on the whole sort of sustainability focus and the go-to-market strategy that we have had there. So we expect to grow the market at least a multiple of two or three there, I would assume, off a very slow growth in the underlying market in Europe. Middle East, Africa HVAC is going to be positive but the patterns are always lumpy because particularly in the Middle East, these orders tend to be large district cooling plants. And so they are very large orders when they come and so you get a little bit of an anomaly there. And then actually healthy growth in China and for the AP region in general. And again here, the backlog that we have got in China, fourth quarter versus prior fourth quarter, is up low double digits. So a good set up for us coming into 2020. So we feel pretty good about what's happening in the commercial HVAC space. And residential, similar view, 80% of the market for us is replacement. Underlying markets still look good. Consumer confidence still remains relatively high. U.S. economy remains relatively healthy. Unemployment is low. GDP is stable. So pricing remains healthy. I think the market there appears to be pretty solid going into 2020.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I mean, at starting point I will let Sue and Chris chime in, but you really end up with a pretty low quarter four to comp that we just completed when you think about most of those impacts really were center hit on the commercial HVAC markets. And so the roadmap we have got here is still a strong pricing environment, probably a moderating materials environment. Our productivity pipeline looks robust. It should cover all inflation. Volume should drop through to gross margins. We don't see anything there. And we don't see a repeat issues that would done in the fourth quarter. I mean obviously we talked about the silver lining perhaps and the cash conversion, but some of the inventory adjustments were partially result of just an immense amount of the factory consolidations that were done starting in 2018 and through 2019 and those don't repeat. That smoothes out as well. So I feel like we are in great shape on commercial. I think residential continues to hum along. A good data conversion there. I don't see any changes there. And even in a market like Latin America, we had great success in 2019. It appears to be recovering, particularly Brazil I would highlight. Margins there are good for us and I think that can help contribute as well.
Mike Lamach: Yes. John, I would start with the caveat that if a company can actually tell you the revenue generation from a digital business, they probably don't have a digital strategy because the whole strategy really hits every bit of the value stream from the way that you design and develop systems to not fail all the way through to the way you monetize offerings in the service business through to the way that you utilize fixed service contracts, fixed service agreements to deliver service in more creative and better ways for the customer. So you put that all together and it's in everything that we are doing. So it continues to be the norm. I would say, 100% of what we are shipping out in the applied space today is absolutely communicating. If not inside the customers' firewall, it's coming across to us with important data. We are acting on it. At last count, I think we monetized in our commercial space alone about 20 different offerings that we put together in that space that use digital to monetize. Same thing will hold through to TK. Interesting with TK, I am just going to kind of maybe skip to this as there is a little bit of a story here. When you look at ACT's 2020 forecast of 37,500 units, we look at the replacement of units on the road today in North America and we get to a number of about 35,000 units. I mean you can think about more than 90% of the market ACT is representing could be counted just through replacing units. Well, natural part of the reason that we know where these units are and whether or not they are a candidate for replacement would be through things like the telematics that would tell us how systems are operating. And so that's is a great example of how the game really changes when you have a got a complete digital strategy across these businesses.
Mike Lamach: Well, we are coming through some really major platform investments and a multiyear investment for Thermo King, let's just say in particular. That's going to tend to kind of flatten out there but likely not in the Trane business, particularly with some of the regulatory changes that will happen between now and 2023. So it's at a very high rate. A good estimate for 2020 is probably you know as low as 20 bips of incremental and maybe as high as 50 bips of incremental that will go into the Trane Technologies portfolio for 2020.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Jeff, there is a number of things that I think that we can count on and in some ways try to control even with a trailer decline forecast for 2020 and that's one of them. So if the standard aftermarket growth rates would be something kind of in the normalized 3% to 5% range, as an example, if all 35,000 North American units that are probably up for replacement wouldn't be replaced which would be an extreme view, you would likely see something in the high single digits. Our experience has been something maybe 8% to 10% if that were to be the case. So that tends to always pan its way out. The other thing that is interesting, when you look auxiliary power unit bolt-on rate, I think in 2016 we were talking about something in the 10% to 11% bolt-on rate there. And we said, look, we think we can move this thing and for every 2.4 units of APUs we sell, it equates to one trailer unit. That was a strategy to help us through 2016 and 2017. We actually have increased that bolt-on rate by 10 points. So we ended the year in the low 20s. The remarkable thing about that is that's with the denominator, right, increasing dramatically in terms of the what was built in terms of OEM tractors put out into the marketplace. Other interesting thing there is the replacements factor that we see out there for APUs going into 2020 is roughly 102,000 units that are available. That's compared to a 99,000 unit market. So here you have got a replacement rate opportunity that's actually bigger than a new complete. So you know by taking the same experience we have around bolt-on rates moving three, four points a year, with even a more aged APU fleet out there, that's an opportunity for us. The NPD launch as I have I talked to the new platforms should be good and we have worked three years to get these things ready for the market. And as I said in my remarks, truck, bus, rail, those will all grow too. Small truck in particular. Bus, rail, all will grow too. So those are sort of factors that we can count on I think in 2020.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I mean first of all, it's a passion inside the company. What I am telling around company purpose is something that gets deeply ingrained and even how investments and projects get evaluated because that's how we think we are going to win the marketplace. And so it's very tied out in terms of how we deploy goals and how we look at products going forward. So that, for sure, I think is a critical factor in all of this. When you look at some of the Dodge data as an example and the Put-in-place which people look to, it's interesting and I am just going to talk obviously about North America here which is where the Dodge data is more relevant. You take our commercial business and you split it right down the middle 50-50 between equipments and services, the 50% that's equipment you get 60% to 70% of that which is replacement which generally is not ever going to be reported on Dodge Put-in-place because we are negotiating service agreements, service contracts, retrofits. So that really only has the Dodge Put-in-place data addressing about 15% to 20% of the business. And so as folks try to read through that to our commercial business on Dodge data or ABI data, you are probably only predicting 15% to 20% of what that looks like.
Mike Lamach: Well, first of all, when we talk about Asia in particular, we have to remember that China sort of half of the business and the rest is the rest of the region. China was actually relatively strong. Bookings looked okay. Backlog, as I mentioned, up double digit year-over-year. And so a lot of weakness was outside of China and I think in some ways you see those markets recovering. You can think about electronics in South Korea. You can think about those sorts of markets which were pretty tough. But we expect healthy growth in China and for the region in 2020. Strength in healthcare and we think a rebound in some of technology segments, where we have been a big player historically.
Mike Lamach: Well, first of all, we have no impact yet to employees, which is fortunate. I think we have sent 650,000 masks, is what I saw, to China. So we are trying to do our part there on that. I would tell you that what we believe, we know today is that best case would be China essentially going back to work on February 10. This is sort of the market in general and sort of our business as well. So if that's the case, I mean you are talking about really a week of production and that's just going to get pushed. I mean that demand is there. It will get pushed out. Maybe it will get absorbed in the quarter if it's possible to do, if not it will get pushed to the second quarter. So it's fluid. We are watching it closely. We are looking at the supply chain as well. We generally have strong supply chains. We generally tend to work in region for region. But to the extent we have got any Chinese components being imported, say, into the U.S. or Europe, we are generally keeping those cases eight to 10 weeks of inventory on hand. So again, a one week or two week issue is not going to be a problem for us with regard to that. But Joe, it's fluid and I am hoping that this thing contained and best case looks to be people are back to work February 10.
Mike Lamach: Yes. And I will say, Joe, is that, going back to commercial with North America which has been just incredibly strong and it's strong across the board meaning that even the unitary and services growth have been double. Units have been in the teens. But the applied growth has been extraordinary. The winter rates there, the pull-through of systems has been excellent. Now that does initially book and ship at generally lower margins than the unitary business, but of course you get the long service tail on the applied business. So in the long run, it's a great business. It's a win. But it does put a little bit of mix pressure within train and commercial and that again as one is those mix pressures we saw in quarter four as well. And so historically I usually get the question and I didn't it so far. But I will talk about it. We end up historically something in the 15% range of Q1 EPS for the total year and last three years has been that. Six years has been a little bit lower than that. I would tell you, sort of a safer guide here would be something between 14% and 15% just as a result of that strong mix differential between applied unitary and between the TK and Trane.
Mike Lamach: Andy, it's such a small part of kind of what drives our business that we would far from be the experts on giving you a forecast there. And if you think about the res equipment business being probably 10% of the company going forward and you think about 80% of our business there being replacement, new construction doesn't move the needle one way or the other for us really in a residential market. So I would probably defer to some of better forecast that are out there on that one than tell you that we have got a good read on that.
Mike Lamach: Well, I mean, when we guide, we are generally guiding on, we think the market is going to be pricing, some sense of volume, some sense of mix. We always target our teams with market share and margin expansion. So the goal there is always higher than what you see and I think that's a healthy thing for us do. I feel really good about what's coming out in the marketplace. I feel good about a lot of the training and development we have had around the company in terms systems, sales and some of the more sophisticated offerings that we do around services. So I feel like it's lot of ways to win. It's not always on the product technology, although we are a leader there and that's a heavy part of the investment but it's also in the way that you go to market in a way that the expertise gets played out in the channel. And as you think about, I have always said in the commercial space, these are always going to be people that are 100% dedicated on behalf of the company. This is not something where you see distributors doing for us. That's such an important thing when you are trying to drive an overall system strategy and trying to sell total cost of ownership over the long run, it's a sophisticated sale generally done by very technical people and we have been it for a long time. And that's something that's very difficult to replicate and something we always invest in that capability. That's a big part of the secret sauce, I guess, of the business.
