Vik Kini: Thanks, Vicente. On slide 8, fueled by IRX, we again delivered solid results in Q2 through a balance of commercial and operational execution. Total company organic orders and revenue increased 5% and 12% year-over-year, respectively. Book-to-bill was 1.03, and we remain encouraged with the strength of our backlog, which is up approximately 12% year-over-year and up approximately 5% sequentially. The backlog is approximately 45% higher than it was at the end of 2021, which gives us good visibility and momentum as we move into the back half of 2023 and start to look into 2024. The company delivered second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $425 million, a 27% year-over-year improvement and adjusted EBITDA margins of 25.2%, a 190 basis point year-over-year improvement. For the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.68, up 25% versus the prior year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $204 million, despite ongoing headwinds from inventory due to the need to support backlog as well as continued global supply chain challenges. Even with these headwinds, free cash flow was up 24% versus prior year. Total liquidity of $3.2 billion at quarter end was up approximately $1 billion sequentially. This increase was driven in large part due to the recently amended, extended and upsized revolving facility, which took place in early Q2 of this year. Our net leverage continues to remain near all-time lows. At 1.0 turns, we are 0.1 turns better than both the prior year and prior quarter. Finally, I'd like to highlight an example of the power of our ownership mindset and the effectiveness of our competitive differentiator, IRX. Due to the team's resiliency in overcoming the cybersecurity incident, the Q2 revenue and adjusted EBITDA risk associated with the incident was mitigated within the quarter. This is no small task, and I would like to thank all of our employees that were involved in helping to overcome this impediment, enabling us to deliver tremendous results in Q2. Turning to slide 9. For the total company, Q2 orders grew 10% and revenue increased 18%, both on an FX-adjusted basis. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 27% from the prior year. The ITS segment margin increased 200 basis points, while the PST segment margin improved 240 basis points. Notably, both segments remain price cost dollar and margin positive, which speaks to the nimble actions of our teams despite persistent inflationary headwinds. Corporate costs came in at approximately $43 million for the quarter, driven by continued investments to support growth in areas like demand generation and IIoT as well as the impact of incentive compensation adjustments. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was up 25% to $0.68 per share. This $0.14 year-over-year increase includes a $0.04 headwind from interest expense. And finally, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 24%. Moving on to the next slide. I want to highlight that the company was assigned an investment-grade first-time issuer default rating from Fitch. We have now received investment-grade ratings from two of the three major rating agencies, and we remain committed to becoming an investment-grade rated across all of our rating agencies. Free cash flow for the quarter was $204 million, including CapEx, which totaled $25 million. Total company liquidity was $3.2 billion based on approximately $1.2 billion of cash and $2 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. Cash outflows for the quarter included $49 million deployed to M&A and we returned $64 million to shareholders through $56 million in share repurchases and $8 million in dividends. M&A remains our top priority for our capital allocation, and we continue to expect M&A to be our primary usage of cash for the foreseeable future. We continue to have an active and healthy funnel of inorganic growth opportunities. This funnel consists primarily of bolt-on M&A relatively similar in size, scope and nature to the assets we have acquired over the past two to three years. I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segment results.
Vik Kini: Sure. Yeah, Andy. I think in terms of the last part of your question on the price cost, like we said before, we were very early in our pricing actions. I think right now, the expectation is the back half looks fairly comparable to how we were guiding before. I wouldn't call that a meaningful change. In terms of the margin tweak as you put it, it's just that, just a minor tweak. A couple of things to note, we did call out that there's some slight increase on corporate cost. We did have -- you saw some of the capital that was deployed to M&A. So we did actually have a technology acquisition that we completed in Q2 that right now, I'd say minimal revenue base to the cost base but one that we're very excited about for the future. So again, when you put those two in perspective, that's probably the meaningful portion there. And as we've always said, we're going to continue to invest in the business. I mean, as Vicente said, whether it be in Asia or anywhere else around the world. We're going to continue to invest in growth resources to drive out-performance from an organic growth perspective as we look forward. So I think that's the way we look at it in totality. But again, nothing in terms of a meaningful change in our opinion, from where we've been operating or prior guidance.
Vik Kini: Sure. Yeah. So Nigel, I think the way you've described Q3 is correct. If you think about ITS as Vicente earlier said, I think ITS will look fairly comparable to Q2. Now that being said, that still would embed nice margin expansion on a year-over-year basis. And we would expect on the PFT side for margins to get back to that 30% level, specifically in Q3. Now on the Q4 side of the equation, whether you're looking from a total company perspective or the individual components, I think it's actually going to be fairly comparable to what you've seen historically. Seasonally, it is the strongest quarter in the year. That's no different. So you will see a slight seasonal uptick from Q3 to Q4. But there is incremental margin expansion included in the Q4 guide, I would say it's not dramatically different than our prior guide in that respect. And the one thing to probably note here as we look and we got some of the questions about it earlier in terms of the cadence, kind of, like what we said before, we're still, I think, continue to remain prudent on the back half expectations, particularly Q4 on the volume side. And I think we would still acknowledge that's probably the single source of potential upside to the guide as we sit here, thinking specifically about organic volume in Q4.
Vik Kini: Yeah. Chris, I think right now, our expectation is fairly consistent with what we've kind of messaged before. And you're absolutely right. When we came into the year, we did expect backlog to be largely flat as we look towards the end of the year. But we did explicitly say that, book-to-bill above one in the first half build backlog and then you'd see that kind of drift down, I think, as Vicente mentioned earlier in the second half of the year. And that's very consistent with, I'd say, our typical cadence, our typical seasonality, and based on what we're seeing now, given the level of backlog, but then also kind of the expectations for what we're seeing in the second half of the year. I don't think anything changed in that respect. To the point that was said before, I do think there continues to be an opportunity on the organic volume side, particularly probably more in the Q4 side of the equation, maybe as the upside to guide. But in terms of backlog being flat year in -- at the end of the year compared to where we started, I think that's still a fairly good expectation at this point in time.
Vik Kini: Yeah. Joe, the way I would probably think about it in terms of the back half. I do think if you look on a -- like we said, Q3 will look fairly similar to Q2, particularly on the ITS side, if you're thinking about revenue and bottom-line. I think the way to think about it if you want to kind of think about the two quarters individual. I think the organic growth side will probably be a little bit healthier in Q3 than Q4. Remember, Q4 of last year, we had an exceedingly strong end of the year, particularly in ITS. I think ITS Q4 organic sales growth was in excess of 20%. So again, aside from the kind of timing between the quarters, to your point, we do expect to see pricing continue to, I'd say, normalized in the back half. A lot of that is just, frankly, due to the timing of when we took price increases in the prior year. So we are now lapping that. And we would expect to see price continue to kind of ramp down on a sequential basis, but very consistent with what we said in terms of our original guide. I don't think anything has really changed on that end. And then again, on the volume side, again, volume, we continue to slightly up-tick our volume expectations for the back half, each of our successive guides. This guidance note is no different. And with the backlog, hopefully there's some opportunity to outperform there, as we think about Q4.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, I'll say, Mike, we saw the sequential cadence in the quarter, very comparable to what we always see, which is typically lower on month one and kind of starts ramping up through the quarter, and we saw that happening pretty well. So nothing that, we will call anything different out of color. So -- which obviously continues to show that there is good cadence and momentum and that more important for us to as well is the leading indicators. And particularly as we always talk about the MQLs, those marketing qualified leads that we generate with our demand generation engine. And that continues to see good sustainable pace momentum across the product lines, which is encouraging to see.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. Sure, Mike. I mean I think you said it very well. I mean, I think what we continue to see that we get excited is that the book and turn business remains pretty strong in the business, which you could call it the short cycle side of the business. And then what we saw here in the quarter, it was just that lumpiness with Agritech with some of our businesses that last year, we're doing on some large projects and also some of the oxygen concentration business that kind of similar to what we spoke in the first quarter of kind of large frame orders that happened last year, not this year. So I guess -- so with that, I think we continue to stay very encouraged. We see that the trend in the PST segment continues to be to deliver that mid-single-digit plus. I mean, there's definitely no over the cycle and over time. So there's no change in that long-term perspective of what we can achieve here in the PST team with the PST segment, and we anticipate continued momentum here. So, yes.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Julian, for total Ingersoll Rand on revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin Q3 looks a lot like Q2. And I'll say for Q3 on a year-over-year basis, remember that comps get increasingly more difficult. And as we think about the segments, ITS, for example, ITS is expected to grow revenue still at low double digit, including the impact of M&A, and as a reminder, I mean, think about that tough comp where Q3 of last year, we grew 19% organically. So that's kind of what we talk about those tough comps. But we still see a good line of sight to about 100 basis points of margin expansion in ITS. And PST is expected to grow mid-single digits. And as a reminder, that's on top of 20% growth in Q3 of 2022 and margins to be expected back again into that 30% level of EBITDA.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Julian, yes, I mean, clearly, we don't specifically guide on orders. But again, as a reminder, our Q3 prior year is probably 1 of the toughest comps for orders. As I recall, Q3 last year was roughly 14% organic order growth momentum, so very solid. In terms of the backlog, I'll say, we do anticipate backlog to drift down a little bit in the back half as we mentioned in the past, I mean, the normal cadence for orders is typically a book-to-bill greater than one in the first half due to larger longer projects and booking in the first half has been -- and booking in the second half being kind of less than one due to those larger orders kind of getting shipped most predominantly in the fourth quarter. Having said that, as a reminder, I think the past nine quarters out of 10 quarters, we had a book-to-bill of greater than one, so -- which obviously speaks again to the comps that we're seeing here.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Jeff. So absolutely. I mean, again, we're very pleased with the momentum that we saw on the compressor product line, and particularly, you saw that oil-free compressor outpacing the growth and that was kind of high 20s momentum that we saw on the oil-free. So very, very exciting to see that one of the core strategies that we launched continues to actually see some fruit and growth. In terms of ESG, I mean we continue to see that the energy savings, again, based on the return on the investment that we have conversations with customers still is resonating quite well and -- so that momentum continues. Our few earnings ago, we spoke about the air audits that we're doing. We continue to do that at a faster clip than ever before, and that's really driving a lot of good leading data points for us as we see kind of moving forward. And from a reshoring, yes, it's kind of whether you think about reinsuring companies expanding capacity or reallocating their supply chains more locally. I talked about also near-shoring because clearly, in Mexico, we're seeing a lot of expansion too as well. And we have a very strong team as well in Mexico there that is really capturing some good momentum to as well. But this reshoring is happening here in the U.S. We see it, that's why we reopened Buffalo at that time, but we also see it in India, and we see it in China as well. So we see good momentum of companies really investing in the core technologies and in particularly here, the compressor systems.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, absolutely. Jeff, particularly the statistic that we said before is that roughly these are audience, we see kind of a 70-30, 70% leading to new equipment, but 30% leading to actually incremental service revenue. And we've seen good momentum in terms of -- we spoke a lot about Care and the Packaged Care solutions, the team in North America continues to really accelerate that. And we're seeing now better momentum as well in our team in Europe and also in team in Asia. So yes, this continues to be very front and center in our strategy and particularly as we continue to connect more compressors with our remote monitoring devices and be able to capture more recurring revenue here. So yes, we continue to be actually a one that we see good momentum to come.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Rob, I think there's definitely some in markets that strategically we're going after more pronouncedly than others because we're seeing the growth in those you could think about electric vehicles, battery production, lithium, mining and things like that. But a lot of that, as you very well said too, as well, it kind of continues to change end markets. And I think the ability for us to pivot from 1 end market that has seen some growth to the other end market that are starting to see the spurt of growth, that is what I think is very core to what the team very nimbly is doing. In addition to that, I think what's exciting is the combination of the Gardner Denver and Ingersoll Rand company, where the team in China is leveraging a lot of the kind of, call it, legacy Gardner Denver products of blowers and the vacuums to really accelerate growth. And that's, as you saw on Slide 5, how we see this organic revenue CAGR of 17% on this kind of core product line and technology. So I'll say, yes, the team is firing on all cylinders this morning as I was driving, I was actually chatting with our leader in China. He's actually -- was actually our -- he was with the team at our innovation center in China and doing a review of their new product technologies and he was living super inspire and excited. So again, it's just a good team, solid performance and very happy with how the team continues to navigate this tough environment in China.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. I would say Andy, maybe not a dramatic change. I mean, maybe instead of being 80-20, could it be 70-30, potentially? Yes. But not in such a dramatic way. So we see good momentum on the long and the short, I think what we're very happy with is the performance of the oil-free. Oil-free, which tends to be higher level of technology, more difficult for others to penetrate. So we still see this as a main market and a product line that we see continued momentum for growth as we continue to take more share in a good way.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nigel, I would say that the industrial vacuum is kind of what we call rough vacuum when you look at the total market segmentation of that. And I will say that we have a more bigger spectrum of technologies, whether it's crew vacuum, rotary vein, liquid ring. So, we will say that we have not only great technologies, but also good brands. In terms of what we're seeing in the market, I'd say stability from what we're seeing. You could argue that sometimes the industrial vacuum plays slightly different where the industrial compressors will pay. So industrial vacuum many times will play in chemical processes or petrochem and things like that, things of that nature. But in our view, we're very happy and very pleased with what the team again continues to do from my self-help initiative here on driving new technologies. I mean we spoke about some of the technologies, again, not only on that slide five on what China team is doing. But now there's also new technologies that the team in Europe are launching to as well to start capturing even more share. So, I'll say that very, very pleased with the performance of the team is driving.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, I'll say maybe -- I'll start with the two big buckets, obviously, the ITS and PST. On the ITS side, a lot of the product -- I say the majority of the product that we have in the ITS is really customized to specific applications. So, it's very difficult to kind of at least on our technology to really have stock of those compressors in the shelves. It's basically high working capital for the distribution channel network that we have. So, we don't see much of that. At the same time, we have a very loyal channel and we have access and visibility to what levels of inventory they have. On the PST side, PST will be the 1 that maybe plays a little bit more on what we call the national distribution, national industrial distribution, at least particularly in the US here. And on those, we track very on a monthly cadence, sell in and sell out. So, we have a visibility on how much we're selling to the channel and how much of that channel is selling out. So at least we get visibility with the level of inventory that is somewhat available in the shelves and whether it is getting destocking or overstocking, we're always proactively trying to prevent the overstocking. It's a situation that we just don't like to be entangled with. So I think -- I'd say we've been fairly proactive from that perspective to making sure that we're watching those trends carefully, nothing of material of note that we're seeing in terms of major destocking. But again, it has to do because there was not a lot of overstocking as well. So -- I don't know that helps, but that's maybe a little bit of color there.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Joe, I mean, I'll say this is a very, very exciting opportunity and one that this, we have now an engineering center inside in our facility in India. We're now considered to be one of the only India companies in India that has the capability of actually testing hydrogen compression systems. Hydrogen is going to be, we think, a good growth vector in the market in India. So we're happy to be the first, and we're happy to be the ones with the largest lab and technology center in India at this point in time, which is the reason why on the prior earnings call, we spoke about the expansion that we're doing. In terms of market sizing, I mean, I think I'd say it's still early stages from the perspective. We don't want to put numbers at -- I mean, obviously, if you kind of trust what market dynamics are saying, these are kind of huge markets, but we're not going to size it here on this call. I think on the Investor Day, we'll definitely give you a little bit more color on this one. But again, this is one super exciting opportunity that technology that the team in India was able to develop and actually work pretty closely with a company in Europe to develop something really unique. And in this case, we were kind of the only company that could achieve the performance requirement that it was required by this technology company. So again, it speaks volumes to the investments that we continue to make in R&D and continued investments that we make in technologies that we think will play well for us in the future.
Vicente Reynal: I mean, I think, Chris, note that our MQLs are demonstrating or showing. We're -- even as we look here into the month of early days in July, I'll say that there continues to be that sustained momentum that we were seeing in the second quarter from an MQL perspective. So noting that we will highlight of specifically end market or maybe, as you said, regional view that has seen a dramatic decline. Again, I think, it's tough comps as we go into the third quarter. I think if I remember the ITS, America teams, I mean, had really hefty double-digit like close to 30% of growth in orders Q3 of last year. So I mean those are the difficult comps that we talk about. But -- having said that, I mean, I think when you think about it in perspective, we have been posting double-digit revenue organic growth for like 9 out of the 10 quarters. So that's kind of what we talk about tough comps. But again, the team continues to perform, execute and control what they can control.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah. No, I love that question. Because we have a team -- I mean, a team for us, the team is like a team of one. But we have two people actually here sitting in our corporate offices that we're currently analyzing like 100-plus micro trends. And these are kind of trends that we're seeing early indicators of potentially becoming good vectors of growth. So that's one avenue how so early. We're looking at these new potential trends. I mean, give you one example could be lithium battery recycling. Clearly, with a lot of the production on electric vehicle and lithium battery production, there's going to come a time that batteries will need to recycle. So we're already looking at the technologies that we can incorporate in those and finding the early-stage development processes where we can actually incorporate a lot of our technologies and products. So -- and to think about it, I mean, we have about 100 of those kind of micro trends that at any point in time, we're analyzing and then we're leveraging our demand generation team to get close and closer to those customers to better understand how can we help and participate on those early trends. That's just one example of kind of how early we can do it. And then obviously, as you go to a country like China, I mean, the team, every year, we reassess the end markets that we expect to see a higher growth and then with pivot resources and technologies. And again, demand generation to be able to start attacking those early indications that we're seeing.
Vicente Reynal: Yeah, Nicole, I'd say continues to see good momentum. But again, I think I always like to put it in perspective in terms of the self-help that we're driving ourselves. It doesn't mean that the total market is actually seeing the same momentum as we're seeing. I mean we're definitely outgrowing the market by a lot of the focus that we're doing on these kind of vectors of growth that we're finding and whether it is in France, going after -- how can our technologies help with nuclear facilities and revamping that or in Germany. How -- whether LNG or the hydrogen push is actually helping us to refocus some of the technologies in that. So we get kind of variance on that kind of micro level for us to be able to decipher the best way for achieving that growth. So that's why we think that the view that we put out in this economic growth engine on how we kind of follow secular trends and leverage things like demand generation obviously, IoT, which we're very excited in terms of accelerating. We've been feeding a lot of new machines in the field and now how we're going to harvest all that packaged care and recurring service work that we can do because we're connecting machines. So there's multiple of places where we can find good growth that as you kind of add all these little buckets of growth kind of create a meaningful good growth momentum for us.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Thank you. I just would like to end by thanking and acknowledging again all of our employees for their hard work, being helping us to deliver another record quarter in Q2. We're counting on our team to continue to execute, we're counting that we know that IRX continues to be our differentiator. And IRX, as we said, is rooted in our unique ownership model. So again, thanks for listening to our call and appreciate it. Thank you.
