Vikram Kini: Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2020 Fourth Quarter and Total Year Earnings Call. I’m Vik Kini, Chief Financial Officer; and joining me is the Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer. We issued our earnings release and presentation yesterday that we will reference during the call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this conference call will be available later today. Before we start, I want to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. Please review the Forward-Looking Statements on Slide 2 for more details. In addition, in today’s remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our earnings release, which are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website. On today’s call, we will provide a Company strategy and integration update, review our Company and segment financial highlights and offer 2021 guidance. For today’s Q&A session, we ask that each caller keep to one question and one follow-up to allow for enough time for other participants. At this time, I will turn the call over to Vicente.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Sure, Mike. This is Vik. I will take that one. I think, like we said, we had a larger funnel you know Vicente mentioned in course of $350 million. And I think the teams have been executing really well. I think a large part of the, what I call, structural actions that are really behind us. Really, most of those have taken much more closer to the merger. And really, what you have seen the momentum building on here is really execution across really the more direct material-focused components of that funnel. So really, what I will call, procurement as well as now really getting deep to the ITBs on the equation. So I think a lot of what you are seeing is just good execution. Like we always said, we have a larger funnel. I would say that, no, not every idea in the funnel is going to necessarily translate straight to the bottom line. But the team is executing really well, we saw really good momentum, including in fourth quarter. Our annualized synergy number actually increased in fourth quarter compared to where we were in Q3. And so it gave us the confidence to be able to increase the synergy target up to $300 million. I think in terms of the second part of your question, what would give us kind of increased confidence to increase ahead of us here is items like procurement, ITV and footprint. And we have always been very disciplined in saying that the footprint piece of this equation was always going to come more so towards the back end of the kind of three-year plan. Nothing has changed in that perspective. But I think now as we are moving into kind of our second year as a combined company, now the teams are really starting to kind of build out that footprint funnel and start to see kind of some of that momentum. So I think that is really, time will tell in terms of being able to kind of increase the number from there, but we are optimistic about where we have gone this far.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Mike, I think in general, I think what you can expect is a quarterly phasing in terms of revenue be quite comparable to what we have seen in 2020 in terms of percent of sales per quarter. And what you typically see there is Q1 is typically the lightest quarter as customers kind of reload budgets and things of that nature as well as the Chinese New Year holidays in the first quarter. Second and third quarter, in between, and Q4 typically becomes the heaviest quarter. Again, for the same dynamics that we have seen historically as well as some of our, I would say, larger project businesses tend to ship more so in the fourth quarter or the second half of the year. So again, I don’t think anything is largely different in that respect. When you think about the kind of overall equation. And 2020 is probably a pretty good proxy to use in terms of the quarterly phasing and applying that to 2021.
Vikram Kini: Yes, I think that is a fair way to describe it. Like we mentioned in the prepared remarks, I think we continue to see the overall kind of industrial demand environment improving sequentially kind of just through Q4. I think as you look at it in the context of 2021, we see a fairly similar cadence to what we saw in prior year.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Sure, Julian. I will take that one. So I think in terms of the incremental that we are expecting on a total year basis, on an all-in basis, I would say, growth as well as the some of the synergies as well as some of the other cost headwinds, it is probably closer to about a 35% incremental or slightly higher depending on some of the quarters. But it is a little bit closer to 35% is kind of the implied incremental on an all-in basis, which we actually see is pretty healthy given kind of the puts and takes. And it does, of course, include reinvestment back in the business as we are kind of focused on sustainable organic growth as we move forward. I think in terms of kind of the moving pieces, I think you hit it on the head here. In addition to just kind of the organic growth in the M&A and some of the FX tailwinds that we called out in guidance, a couple of pieces I would probably include: one, the $100 million that you spoke to in terms of the incremental synergy savings. That is the year two of our transaction-related integration savings. The second item then on the headwinds would really be the $35 million to roughly $40 million of temp costs really coming back into the equation, really ramping as we move through the back half of the year. And then we have baked in a nominal amount of inflation. We are not necessarily quantifying the exact dollar amount. But as you would expect, and as Vicente mentioned, we are seeing some of the kind of normal, I would say, supply chain and logistics-oriented inflation that you would expect. So those are probably the major pieces in terms of the, I would say, the components that we are seeing. And I think that hopefully kind of characterizes the components.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Sure. Julian, I think we can keep it relatively high level. I mean we do definitely have, I would say, a fair amount of, what I will call, a continued integration of the company as well as synergy delivery, particularly on the footprint side. So again, I think we have been saying, roughly speaking, on average, about $20 million to $30 million per quarter has typically kind of been what you have seen in terms of cash costs going out the door for execution. I don’t think that is a bad placeholder to use for 2021 as you look forward. So again, I think the equation still largely holds in terms of the expectations for the savings and the ultimate amount of cash costs going out the door. The only difference is we have really taken up the synergy number. We don’t really feel like we need to increase the amount of cash out the door that we are expecting to spend to be able to deliver it. So again, I think we are pretty encouraged by how we have been managed to execute to a higher number in terms of synergies, but continue to keep the kind of cash outflow is pretty disciplined. But remember, we do have the footprint piece of the equation ahead of us, which, again, does tend to be a little bit more on the cost side.
Vikram Kini: Yes. So Jeff, I think the way I would think about the headwinds are, we view those things as kind of separate from the pricing equation that I just mentioned. Net-net, we do expect to be price cost positive. That is kind of the trend you have seen historically in the business. And I think the other thing to mention here is to the degree inflationary pressure potentially become higher, if that is really how things play out, we are not seeing that just yet, but we want to continue to look at price as a lever to be able to pass that through. So I think right now we see everything that is kind of price cost on sort of inflation at this point in time.
Vikram Kini: Yes. I will take that one. I think the way to think about it is, I think ITS will probably be, at least from a year-over-year perspective, probably the healthiest overall just because, frankly, a lot of the cost synergies, as we have mentioned before, are much more isolated or centralized, I should say, in the IT&S segment. In terms of the Precision and Science and Specialty Vehicles businesses, the incrementals there will be a little bit more muted just on a year-over-year basis. Frankly, a little bit of balancing in terms of the mix, in terms of the top line. If you remember on the Precision Science, we did see a pretty strong in-swell of COVID-related demand in 2020. On the medical side, that actually came at a pretty good margin premium. That is obviously not expected to recur in 2021, replace it a little bit more what I will call general industrial and then obviously, some of the investments back in. And then the SVG business kind of comparable as the commercial and Gulf businesses tend to kind of normalize, you are not going to necessarily see that mix be quite as what it was in 2020. And we obviously continue to invest for new products and growth. So again, I think IT&S is where you will see a little bit more pronounced.
Vikram Kini: Yes. Sure, Nigel. I will take both of those. I think on the procurement front, like we said, there is some inflation in the system, but does that prohibit us from being able to deliver on the procurement savings. And I will just make that even broader, the direct material equation, whether it be classical procurement from leveraging a larger spend base as well as now the ITV savings funnel. I think the answer is no. You have seen the continued momentum. Obviously, the conviction in raising the synergy target of $300 million. I think that we have a pretty good line of sight and pretty good conviction in being able to deliver those procurement and direct material-oriented numbers. And then on the G&A side, again, I would say there is always room for opportunities. But I think, like we said, the majority of the more structural-related savings and cost take-out really saw that much more executed in 2020. So again, I would say that part is kind of largely behind us. But we will always look for rooms for optimization.
Vikram Kini: Sure, Nathan. I will touch at kind of high level. Obviously, we haven’t necessarily quantified growth synergies externally. But clearly, it is strategic, And you have seen a lot of the momentum that we are actually driving, whether it be in the organic growth numbers that we have actually guided to, things around the water end market, some of deleveraging of the oil-free compressor technologies and the kind of expanded channel the market that the combined company has brought. I think that probably each of the segments, particularly in IT&S and Precision Science, have a good funnel of what all growth synergies that they have been executing to that you are really going to kind of see embedded, what I would tell you, within kind of the organic growth numbers. And I think we are really encouraged. You have seen some of the healthy order numbers. We talked about kind of the healthy backlog that we have exiting the year. I think you are starting to see some of those revenue synergies starting to click in. So again, we are not going to necessarily guide them explicitly, but I think you have seen a lot of momentum. And what we are going to continue to do is give you those examples and kind of give you that color as we continue to kind of leverage that kind color as we continue to kind of leverage that kind of revenue synergy base in the combined company.
Vikram Kini: Yes. John, I think we are going guidance we gave was greater than or equal to 100% of adjusted net income, which we think is probably the right way to look at it, clearly taking a lot of the purchase accounting implications and things of that out of the equation. I think if you look, for example, at 2020, how we are able to deliver, we were quite pleased. Obviously, we saw some pretty good headwinds - I’m sorry, some good tailwinds in the context, you know probably a little bit lower than normal CapEx and some pretty good working capital management. But the good news here, as we look into 2021, we see some strong equal opportunities, whether it be cash interest, which is coming down with all of our fixed interest rate swaps having rolled off in the second half of the year. The tax rate expected to be lower and also some good net working capital opportunity. So again, I think the guidance itself, I think, is pretty prudent. We would expect to see strong cash flow over the course of the entire year, much like you saw in 2020. Obviously, some of the opportunities now though are really starting to click in and some of the things we have mentioned before in terms of really the tax rate and working capital.
Vikram Kini: Yes. No, sure, I mean, so we do roughly a little bit above $2 billion. It is kind of the mark that we said that we were going to do in terms of RFQs and negotiation and stuff like that. And we are maybe three-quarter of the way through there. So we still have another portion that we still need to go through the process. As you can imagine, it is just a lot of detail that the team is going through. So we still have some way to go to cover all that $2 billion plus.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nicole, I will say that, I mean, we are clearly not immune to what is happening out there in the supply chain, whether delivering or kind of the logistics side. I think the good news here is, I would say two things. One, we have always said that we are in the region for the region. So we are really co-located our factories to really support our customers in the regions. And for the most part, a lot of our supply chain is really co-located within kind of close proximity of the factory. So that has not been a material impact to us. And I think the second point that it has been good for us is that with the combination of the companies, we have a larger supply chain. And as we have gone through the procurement and the rationalization of suppliers, we are selecting some pretty strong partners that are here to support us from a global perspective and that is kind of leading to having that disruption that perhaps orders are seeing. So in terms of ramping the capacity, we just don’t foresee that to be an issue. I mean for the most part, most of our factories, they operate under one-shift operations. And if we have to expand, that should be just a matter of expanding capacity from incremental shares.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I think, Nicole, as we mentioned, I mean, capital allocation is definitely one of my top priorities. And we are having constant conversation with the Board. We will provide an update here in due course. But yes, I mean, we are very excited where we are. You have seen that we are still playing a pretty large addressable market, highly fragmented. Our M&A funnel is really robust, very strong. And it is just a matter of making sure that we are disciplined with current valuations. But it is something that we are going to remain really active.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Jeff, we are not providing the guidance on HPS in the 2021 or anything further in terms of kind of the details of the transaction. What I said on the remarks is that when you look at the $300 million of cash, equals to roughly 24 times EBITDA of 2020. And also, it implies a pretty good multiple on based on expected 2021, but we are not guiding to any specific number for 2021.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Jeff, when you look at the 3 segments, you can characterize, I will start with maybe the Specialty Vehicles. You have seen the bookings momentum. I mean definitely, they are coming in really strong into 2021 with very, very robust kind of backlog. ITS saw some very good large long-cycle orders as well in the fourth quarter. So that really - and also with some of the orders that we received in the third quarter that kind of gets shippable into 2021. So the backlog in ITS is coming in also better than what we have seen historically. And the Precision and Science is really more kind of more on the short cycle. They don’t have that long cycle with the exception of the hydrogen orders. And those, we saw a few of them that we called out on some press releases in the third quarter. And we continue to see the final momentum of that continue to grow. So all-in-all, we feel pretty good position in terms of where we have the backlog coming into 2021.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So we are obviously excited with what the team has been able to accomplish there. As we have kind of articulated in the past, that vacuum and blower, as you very well said, is mostly industrial. We don’t really play in the semiconductor market. And it is really due to the nature of the kind of the niche business that we have in terms of applications. And the team on the vacuum side, they continue to win new OEM accounts. And these OEM accounts are basically new, pretty unique applications. And the blower, some good momentum on water and wastewater treatment facilities as well as some other kind of niche end markets that we have been very actively engaged in opening. And when you combine some of that with the activity that we are driving with demand generation in this kind of highly fragmented end market, it is really what is causing that kind of good solid momentum to perhaps show the ability to take some market share.
Vicente Reynal: I will say yes, Josh, it is. It is something that we spent a lot of time, even in 2020, improving our process, how focused we are with process and our M&A process from stage zero in terms of ideas and cultivation has dramatically improved. Also the level of investments that we have done with the team across the different segments to really support more penetration of M&A and the leverage of even IRX as a way to every week, we kind of review some key critical performance indicators on things that we are adding to the funnel and how the funnel velocity is working, particularly in M&A, I think that is working really well. And so to answer your question, yes, I mean I think we see some continued pretty good momentum on the funnel activity and what could translate into acquisition for us. And yes, we are also very prudent on the price. We continue to be highly disciplined on that.
Vicente Reynal: Sure. Yes, Rob, to your question, absolutely. I mean this should help us become more creative on new revenue streams over the next five-years. And when you think about it, the potential of what we have here is that in North America alone, when you look at all of our assets, when you look at particularly the segment of Industrial Technologies and Precision Science, we have over one million assets in the field in North America alone. So as we continue to find ways on how we connect them and how we harvest the data and how we leverage now the supercomputing power from Google Cloud to be able to create better predictive analytics and better revenue streams, I think that is the powerful of what we see here over the next few years. And we are very excited that it is a fairly rigorous process. We were able to select Google Cloud as one of those partners that can help us really harvest a lot of these data and analytics over the next few years to come.
Vicente Reynal: So some of the groundwork has been done on the compressors. I think the excitement here too as well as now as, let’s say, that you go to specific end markets. And we alluded to some of these on our last earnings call on how when you look at the water, wastewater. We have multiple of assets that could be connected to really optimize the entire process. This is what we see the powerful of realizing with the Google analytics, but we are the early stages on that one.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Joe, to answer the question specifically, yes, I mean, we haven’t come out with a specific guidance in terms of the medium term of where we see the margin profile to come. But I mean look, ITS, I mean, finishing the fourth quarter at 26% margin. And if you remember batch in the Garner Denver days, we said that industrial segment, we wanted to be in the mid-20s. But we also said that mid-20s is not the cap, and that is just kind of a milestone. And we see more room for improvement from there on. When you kind of open the door inside ITS, I mean, as you know, we are running P&Ls, and we have definitely P&Ls that are way above that kind of mid-20s. So we know that we have a model on how to - an impact on how to get to that kind of high 20s. In the Precision and Science, I have made some commentary, very proud with the team. When we started with that business in Q1 of this year, the business was doing a respectable high 20s, and we finished at above 30 on an exit rate. So do we see a potential on that continuing? I will make the same analogy back the medical business when we had that with Gardner Denver, we were in maybe the mid-20s and we ended up in the 30s. And again, we also said that, that was just kind of a milestone, but more room for us to improve on that. So we will comment here maybe sometime soon in terms of kind of how we think about the medium guidance for some of those segments, but we definitely see continued room for improvement from here and beyond.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Joe, I think we are very excited with the HPS for multiple reasons. I mean one, we found a great partner with AIT. And we are also very excited with the team on them becoming that pure play in the upstream oil and gas with a very premium product and very premium business. I think we view a really good because we were able to lock in some cash, but at the same time, as you said, participate in any of the potential upside that could come. I mean as you know, there is multiple cycles that can happen here. And as we continue to see, we get that 45% participation in terms of what could come next. And in terms of your other questions, I mean, clearly, as we said in the past, I mean we look at all possible scenarios. And to the degree that we can create shareholder value by doing something creative with some of the businesses that might not be that properly aligned, we won’t hesitate to explore those options. And I think we just want to be thoughtful and strategic and disciplined on how we do that.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Steve, I think we definitely are able to get out there and do a lot of these service work, and we have a fantastic team that being created not only by doing that physically, but in some cases, even remotely as we kind of connect more and more machines. And as we continue to go forward, absolutely, I mean, we see a lot of good potential here based on our info base and the technologies that we are launching with IoT and then now here further expanding with the connectivity with Google Cloud, being able to be more pronounced on how we can create some unique service agreements.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I mean I think I put it in a couple of ways there, Nigel. I mean I think what you see on the LDT is clearly great performance-based on product launches that the team has done on the consumer side. When you look at also commentary that we made, even the Q4, also very good momentum in gold, again, based on new product launches that they have done, particularly with lithium battery cars that they have launched. So we feel that the team has taken some good market share. And they are not done yet. I mean what is COVID an accelerator or accentuate the decision-making for some consumers to really buy now versus maybe buy later? Yes, it could be. But I think what is exciting is that the momentum has continued. What is also exciting is that the team is getting ready to make some pretty good product launches in 2021, not only the consumer, but also the utility market. That could play very well not only in the U.S., but also in Europe. So I think the team is really hitting in all cylinders. We are supporting with great investments and more to come.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Listen, in terms of investment on growth, multiple ways. One, on the corporate side, I mean, we are continuing to make some pretty good investments on some of our - kind of demand investments on some of our generation activities as well as what you have seen here with the Google Cloud. And then within the businesses, absolutely, we are making some very solid investments. Maybe some that I can highlight on the Precision and Science, the team is making their investments in the hydrogen and really seeing some acceleration in terms of the product launches that they expect to get as well as commercialization by investing on feet on the street throughout the world. And on industrial technology, heavy investment on product launches. Now that we have the combined two companies, particularly on the compressor side, there is going to be a very good cadence of the execution of what we were planning and delivering and working through 2020 that is getting executed and launched now here to the year. And in terms of CapEx, sure, I mean, absolutely. We think 1.5% to 2%. I mean we are typically very light, very light CapEx base. But if the team comes in with a great proposal that provides some very good return on invested capital. We look at ROIC even on a CapEx basis, then we will do it.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I think the team is really executing pretty well in Europe in the combination of the power of the multiple brands. I mean as you know, in Europe, we had compared as one of the leading brands in Europe and now Ingersoll Rand and also Champion. So we have a multi-brand approach, and we are just leveraging the channel across all the regions. And we feel that, yes, the team is really executing well and potentially taking some share base on the numbers.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. I mean so obviously, two soft segments there. I mean, China, the team is really doing fantastically well. I mean we have great leadership. We just went through a lot of the accelerated commercialization based on the combination of the two brands and the technologies just here before the Chinese New Year. And it is exciting to see the momentum they are continuing to build. And we always said Southeast Asia is definitely an area of opportunity for us. It is not an area of opportunity for not only Gardner Denver, but also Ingersoll Rand. And now with the combination of the two, we can actually really go after a better channel and better end market channel. So we are being very selective. The team is really appropriately investing in that region. So it is just a lot of good potential opportunity that we see in the Southeast Asia.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, it is definitely a very good momentum. I mean I think we are being a bit more prudent in terms of maybe some rationalizatoin coming here in the second half. And as we continue to see momentum from product launches and kind of market activities, we will update. But I think the team is very focused on delivering to the commitments that they have now. And we are just being kind of more prudent based on the normalization that could be seen here in the second half. And normalization, I mean just the tough comps. I mean probably some pretty hefty comps that they need to overcome based on what they were able to execute in 2020. But we see room for improvement.
Vicente Reynal: We want to say thank you to everyone for their interest. I know that in these calls, many of our employees across the world join to listen to the excitement of what they have to been able to accomplish. And to all of them, I just want to pass another big thank you. 2020 was a phenomenal year. We are about to celebrate our one-year anniversary altogether here. And what a phenomenal journey it has been. And this is just the beginning. We are getting started, and there is just definitely much more to come. So thank you. Thanks, everyone.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. good morning everyone. I just wondering if we could come back to the kind of the margin discussion a little bit. And if you could elaborate a little bit on what you are expecting for price realization over the course of 2021. And just to be clear on your comments about cost, were those kind of inflationary pressures net of pricing actions? Perhaps you could just provide a little more color on that.
Jeffrey Sprague: And could you also give us some thoughts on what you actually expect HPS to do in 2021? Vicente, I think you kind of mentioned a multiple on 2021. I didn’t catch it when you said it, but that implied an earnings number. Just thinking about what kind of placeholder should be coming through on equity income.
Jeffrey Sprague: I’m sorry, can I just ask one more quick one. Backwards were characterized as healthy. But can you just give some context where they stand, maybe backlogs as a percent of kind of forward projected sales, are they normal in that regard, do they give you kind of comfort and visibility in the top line forecast? And I will stop there.
