Vik Kini: Thanks Vicente. On Slide 8, fueled by IRX, we again delivered record results in Q3 through a balance of commercial and operational execution. Total company organic revenue increased 6% year-over-year with incremental margins of 38%. Book-to-bill was 0.94x, which was in line with expectations. As a reminder, we typically see book-to-bill above 1 in the first half of the year due to the longer cycle, large project orders received and a book-to-bill below 1 in the second half as those large longer-cycle projects convert into revenue. We remain encouraged by the strength of our backlog, which is up approximately 6% year-over-year. The strength in our backlog provides good visibility and momentum as we move into the fourth quarter of 2023 and begin to look towards 2024. The company delivered third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $462 million, a 23% year-over-year improvement and adjusted EBITDA margins of 26.5%, a 170 basis point year-over-year improvement. It is important to note that these results are closely approaching our long-term targets set forth during our 2021 Investor Day. For the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.77, up 24% versus the prior year. Free cash flow generation for the quarter was $369 million, up 46% versus the prior year. Free cash flow margins for the quarter finished at 21%. Total liquidity at quarter end was $3.2 billion, which was flat compared to the prior quarter. And our net leverage continues to remain near all-time lows. At 0.9 turns, we are 0.1 turns better than both the prior year and prior quarter. Turning to Slide 9. For the total company, Q3 orders declined 2% and revenue increased 13%, both on an FX adjusted basis. Total company adjusted EBITDA increased 23% from the prior year. The ITS segment margin increased 260 basis points, while the PST segment margin improved 120 basis points. Notably, both segments remain price cost dollar and margin positive, which speaks to the nimble actions of our teams despite persistent inflationary headwinds. Corporate costs came in at approximately $44 million for the quarter, driven by continued investments to support growth in areas like demand generation and IoT as well as the impact of incentive compensation adjustments. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was up 24% to $0.77 per share. This $0.15 year-over-year increase includes a $0.03 headwind from interest expense. And finally, the adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22%. Moving on to the next slide. Free cash flow for the quarter was $369 million, including CapEx, which totaled $29 million. Total company liquidity was $3.2 billion based on approximately $1.2 billion of cash and $2 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility. Cash outflows for the quarter included $308 million deployed to M&A, largely driven by the acquisition of Roots. We returned $8 million to shareholders in dividends and no share repurchases were made during the third quarter, although we remain committed to our annual share repurchase plan of approximately $250 million for the full year. M&A remains our top priority for capital allocation, and we continue to expect M&A to be our primary usage of cash for the foreseeable future. We continue to have an active and healthy funnel of inorganic growth opportunities. This funnel consists primarily of bolt-on M&A, relatively similar in size, scope and nature to the assets we've acquired over the past two to three years. Turning to Slide 11. As we have always planned, we continue to transform our debt portfolio. After being upgraded to an investment-grade credit rating across all three rating agencies, we refinanced $1.5 billion of secured term loans through the issuance of unsecured investment-grade bonds in the quarter. Our capital structure continues to evolve and is designed to facilitate our capital allocation strategy, and we remain committed to having a fully unsecured investment-grade capital structure in the near future. As a result of this debt portfolio transformation, we have improved our fixed-to-floating ratio to 74% fixed and 26% floating, and our weighted average maturity on debt has moved from four years to six years. Finally, on an annualized basis, our interest expense has been reduced by approximately $20 million. This should deliver an annualized improvement of approximately $0.04 of earnings per share, which will be realized across both 2023 and 2024. I will now turn the call back to Vicente to discuss our segment results.
Vik Kini: Yes, Julian, this is Vik. I'll take that one. I think you're spot on both accords. In terms of the operating leverage, we've indicated whether it be Q4 or full year, and we've kind of been holding pretty steady to this, that mid-30s, call it, roughly 35% incrementals range is where we expect to operate in. And that's very consistent with I think where you've seen us historically, ITS maybe slightly on the higher side, but we think a mid-30s range is right kind of where we would expect to play, not just now, but on the go forward as well. And then in terms of the pricing side of the equation, yes, obviously, you've seen much more elevated price realization over the last few years. But quite frankly, you've seen a lot of that now starting to get comped and now you're falling into a much, I'd say, more normalized lower single-digit realm. And we would expect that kind of 1% to 2% net price to be a good proxy as we move into 2024. So yes, I think you're spot on, on both.
Vik Kini: Yes. Yes, I think we do expect to see, what I'll say, a slight nominal uptick from Q3 to Q4. I would remind you that this business doesn't, I would say, have a tremendous amount of seasonality comparatively speaking to other businesses. It's a relatively consistent quarter to quarter. But that being said, I'd say a combination of a couple of things. One, still continue to have a relatively healthy backlog, and that is reflected in terms of what we expect to ship in Q4 as well as Vicente indicated, relatively healthy and good, strong momentum on the, what I'll call, the industrial side of the business, where you continue to see good order intake in Q3, and we would expect to see that continue into Q4. So again, for those reasons, we would expect to see a slight nominal uptick from Q3 to Q4. I'd say relatively consistent to what you've seen historically.
Vik Kini: Joe, yes, I think obviously, we're not going to get into guidance for 2024 yet, but I think the construct remains consistent with what you indicated. I think in generally any degree of a typical year, book-to-bill above 1 through the first half of the year, particularly as that longer cycle kind of orders funnel continues to progress through. And then book-to-bill below 1, what I'd say, a combination of normal seasonality combined with the longer cycle, larger project shipping through the back half, that will typically led to that normal dynamic of book-to-bill above 1 in the first half and below 1 in the second half. Right now, no reason to think anything differently for 2024.
Vik Kini: Yes. Sure, Chris. What I would probably tell you here is we kind of view it as probably, frankly, a bit of a tighter spread than that. But if I take it by the two components, and maybe I'll talk kind of year-over-year based on the guide here. Like we said, we do expect to see positive organic growth that includes across both segments, starting on the ITS side. If you're thinking, the guide would imply something in the range of roughly approximately 3% organic growth year-over-year. Again, given the pricing momentum we've seen as well as an expectation of organic volume growth, you can probably think of it as roughly speaking, two-thirds price, one-third volume. And I think I would fall back on kind of exactly what we said all year is that if there's kind of an upside opportunity in the context of the guide and as we think about Q4, it would really be that organic volume side of the equation, particularly on the -- I'm sorry, on the ITS side, where again, backlog continues to remain at effectively record levels. On the PST side, I'll go back to kind of some of the commentary we made earlier here. Again, continue to expect to see organic -- positive organic growth, probably a little bit more of a pricing tailwind comparatively speaking to what you've seen in ITS. And I would just really frankly attribute that more so to what we've said over the course of the last one to two years. ITS probably got out a little bit quicker than PST on the pricing front. And as such, now PST probably has a little bit of a longer-lasting tail on the pricing side of the equation. But again, those would be kind of the dynamics we would expect. But again, we would expect to see positive on both sides of the equation effectively falling at the midpoint of the guide as you saw us make in the prepared comments.
Vik Kini: Yes, I would actually say it's probably a function of both. So for example, if you go back to last year, we acknowledged and you heard Vicente say in the prepared comments, Q3 was kind of a peak from an orders perspective in the context of some of these longer-cycle orders, some biogas orders, some things we saw last year that created that tough comp, right? And we did see -- we even indicated last year that think about it more on a second half basis, where you saw Q4 orders kind of normalize comparatively speaking to Q3. Now you're kind of facing the other side of that equation. So obviously, very tough comps in Q3, which we acknowledged. You saw that kind of play itself out. And now as you think Q3 to Q4, I think a combination of consistent, stable kind of MQLs, stable demand patterns, some of the longer cycle dynamics that Vicente spoke to. I think that sets up for what we're expecting to see in terms of the positive trajectory, both from Q3 to Q4 as well as on a year-over-year basis. Is there some degree of seasonality that is particularly a little bit more on the ITS side? Yes. I guess, obviously, with some of the other noise, you haven't necessarily seen that as prevalent, particularly in the last few years. But I wouldn't speak to any dramatic seasonality of no point itself out this year, whether it be ITS or PST.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Mike, so maybe a couple of things here first. As we mentioned earlier on the call, I mean, Q3 -- what we saw in Q3 is really -- on a year-over-year is really been in large due to the tough comps from prior year as you saw kind of Q2 -- Q3 of 2022, ITS was up 16% and PST up 3%. So also Q3 orders finished in line with the expectations that we had even to your other question about what we were seeing underlying demand. We made a reference that even on the PST side, when you look at the short cycle business, which is really more driven by industrial side, I mean, we saw sequentially that business to be -- short cycle industrial being up Q2 to Q3 and also up year-over-year from an order perspective organically. I will also highlight that even our ITS segment, when you look at Mainland Europe, Q3 order momentum was actually higher than Q2. So, we still feel that the underlying businesses are performing to our expectations. We also, as you know, really look at this from an MQL perspective, the marketing qualified leads, we see stability, we see solid kind of continued momentum on that. And as we kind of head into the fourth quarter, the level of confidence on what we said about orders sequentially being up and also on a year-over-year is driven by a lot of these kind of data points as well as long cycle visibility that we have coming into the fourth quarter.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, no different, Mike. I will say that the sentiment has been on the positive side for us as buyers and acquirers. And as you well know, a lot of our M&A is sole source driven by a lot of the outreach that we do to, in many cases, family owned companies. And I think the -- what you continue to see in the market for the macro environment, I think that is really enticing and encouraging others to really think about how to transition those multi-generation family companies to a great company like ours, where, as you know, we do a lot of work around employee ownership, employee engagement, and that's a big attractive factor for a lot of these companies to transition to us. So I think we're seeing continued very strong activity on the M&A.
Vicente Reynal: Sure Julian. So maybe a couple of things I'll say too as well. So when you think about the PST, think about it as -- even when you exclude the life science business, PST on 10 out of the 11 past quarters has been positive on organic orders and actually all organic revenue. So that tells you kind of the good strength of the rest of the PST segment. I mean clearly, the life science, which is roughly about a quarter of the PST has been on this kind of situation with biopharma, but also oxygen concentration. And the life science business has been pretty negative organic order growth momentum for probably the past six quarters. So it's been now a little while, while the non-life sciences has been positive. So, yes, I mean, we're experiencing these challenges that others have indicated on our life sciences. I mean, I think the way we think about it is that for us, biopharma, yes, we have some exposure. But it's not the biggest piece of our life science end market exposure within the PST. The biggest exposure for us is really oxygen concentration. And the oxygen concentration, when you think about it, really a great acceleration during the COVID days, and is the one that we saw building into negative, more pronounced earlier than even the biopharma. So it was almost like a leading indicator for us. So, as we kind of go here into the fourth quarter and maybe in the first half of next year, we see that more so next year maybe an uptick, not in a V-shape, but continue doing better from an oxygen concentration side of the business. So, we continue to think that PST, as even you saw on that segment slide, I mean, PST CAGR growth organically, revenue and orders momentum continues to be a segment that we'll see that mid-single-digit plus over the cycle and over time. I mean, it's with great characteristics on continuing to improve in that. So Again, I don't think it's going to be a V-shape, but even if it's a V-shape, it's not one that -- again, we don't have that big exposure into biopharma.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I think Jeff, that's exactly what I was trying to refer to there is that we're seeing definitely before if you remember a few quarters or even last year, we spoke a lot about a lot of these kind of large projects that were being in conversations. And now we're seeing definitely the release of some of those funds. And so yes, so that's what's giving us a bit of a higher level of confidence in terms of how the long cycle funnel continues to build in a company that gives us a good level of visibility, I'll say, not only Q4 but also as we go into 2024.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. So, that's right. I mean we said on the call that we -- and the funnel continues to be really strong and mostly bolt-on in nature, but there's a couple that are above $1 billion purchase price. And I'll say that those are very well in line with our M&A strategy. We should not think about it as being a third leg of the company. For competitive reasons, we don't want to kind of get into a lot of details, but we feel very comfortable with kind of even where we are from a balance sheet perspective and being less than one time on our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. It actually puts us in a very strong position to move forward with this transaction. But yes, we're very excited with how the M&A funnel continues to build and what we see in terms of getting things executed here over the next couple of quarters.
Vicente Reynal: Sure, Andy. So first of all, on the Chinese compressor, I mean, clearly, not surprisingly, the overall China market has continued to be, I'll say, choppy and soft; however, you saw how we deliver. The team in Asia-Pacific, and particularly in China, again, demonstrated one more time, another quarter of kind of growth organically in the compressor side from an orders and revenue perspective, which speaks to the continued self-help that the team is driving and leading relative to the overall performance in the market, and we'll clearly share more examples of that as we head into the Investor Day. I'll say in Europe, no significant changes in demand. I mean MQL activities remain solid. We continue to focus on our own demand generation for high-growth sustainable end markets, our economic engine is working. And as I made in the remarks, I mean, we saw even orders sequentially in Mainland Europe come for the compressor side actually grew sequentially Q2 to Q3. So that gives us continued encouragement that, again, these self-help initiatives are working. And this kind of year-over-year tough comps is one that we're just not worried about, as we see the underlying demand continue based on the self-help.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, I'll say Andy, it's all about that ROI and the payback. And as customers prioritize CapEx as they go into 2024 and beyond, it's all going to be all about ROI. No different to how we do it ourselves internally. And these energy savings, energy efficiency is definitely driving the conversation at the top even at the C-suite level now where customers are looking for what could do -- what can they do to drive this great payback. So again, this is how our sales guys sell. They sell based on total cost of ownership and ROI.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Great. I think the two that are pretty well tied. I mean I think IRX is definitely what is helping us drive this outperformance that we're seeing against as the backdrop in the market. And even when you think about it, that ISM and PMIs have been below 50, and we still have been able to deliver over the past few quarters, really great strength in orders and revenue momentum. I think that is what gives us that uniqueness in terms of leveraging IRX as a differentiator. And clearly, we're not immune to the market, but it's all about controlling what we can control, and this is what our teams have done exceptionally well, guided and driven by how we leverage IRX as the execution engine to overdrive. And to the China slowdown question there, Rob, I'll say that China continues to be very soft and choppy. I was in China -- I've been in China now twice over the past five months, and -- just to see it myself firsthand. And I think what the teams continue to do there is just incredible. But as we always said, we're in China for China, and that is really also helping from a strategy perspective because we're being viewed in the China market as a local -- almost like a local player, obviously, with a great reputation of a multinational and the great quality and innovation that we're launching. But again, it's a lot of self-help that we're getting executed through the use of IRX.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Nigel, first on the PST, overall life science is about a quarter of the PST segment. And biopharma, it is, maybe -- I'll say maybe I don't know, maybe a third of that quarter and the big life science here for us, more so is on the oxygen concentration side of the equation. I think it's important to note that when you look at PST segment ex life science, we have been able to kind of put organic orders and revenue positive momentum on 10 out of the last 11 quarters. So, that kind of shows the good strength and diversity of that segment, that gives us confidence on that overall over the long cycle or cycle the mid-single-digit plus.
Vicente Reynal: No, they're property sourced. I mean they are ones that we have been cultivating for quite some time.
Vicente Reynal: Joe, I'll say nothing of significant or material change. And if anything, when we -- if we see projects pushed to the right, it is really mainly due to sites not been ready which has been more driven by finding the labor to just get the sites on track and be done having heard much about the context of interest rates being the driver for getting these projects pushed to the right.
Vicente Reynal: Hey Joe, it's an interesting question. I -- again, and also maybe a few weeks ago, we were actually -- we were together with our team -- our demand generation team in Poland where we had a long week session, particularly thinking and looking at what are we seeing today and what do we expect to see in 2024? And how do we position the next level of demand generation activities to really position us in good strength as we go into 2024? So, all of that work is undergoing. I can tell you that -- the one level of detail, I'll tell you, as you kind of double click on that is that it varies region-by-region and even country -- in countries within the region. Like for example, in Mainland Europe, what we might be doing in France is very different from what we might be doing in the UK. And a lot of that is driven by what we're seeing at the micro level. So that's the level of detail that we undergo and we, as a team, kind of put together to really understand those best growth vectors that we're seeing at the micro level versus not keeping it at the macro, which if you do it at the macro is, you're going to get a few products wrong. So, that's the exciting piece. As a team, we kind of get together, and we feel that we're in pretty good momentum here to start 2024 in a good shape.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Joe, I would say that right now, ROIs -- and again, it could vary by region, but we're seeing ROIs between 12 to 15 months. So it's a really great payback, again, driven by a combination of energy efficiency, but also driven by higher energy costs. So, I think it's just one of those that we're driving really hard. And customers, when they see a payback of 12 to 15 months or call it, less than two years and combine that with the sustainability and what many of them had to do with Scope 1 and Scope 2 is the other kind of great factor that gives us a great tailwind.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Adam, I would say, again, given the highly customized nature of our products, there's really no material risk on the destocking that serves -- that kind of serves really well for the ITS segment. And for the PST segment on those businesses that kind of sell through distribution, we monitor really closely the sell-in and the sell-through or the sell-out activities to ensure that we prevent our customers from getting into an overstock situation. And we -- we have been doing this that way for probably -- I mean, we have data points over the past five years to really have a good view as to what's going on in the distribution channel.
Vicente Reynal: Sure. So you're absolutely right that the PTL business has really done incredibly well. And to point out, when we acquired Ingersoll Rand, PTL came in with mid-teens EBITDA margin and now it's pretty close to that ITS kind of blended average kind of get getting to that point. So great improvement while still growing the business. The real nature of a lot of this performance has really been new product introduction. So, the team has done a really great job of reinvigorating new product. And I think the exciting piece here is that as we look into 2024, they're going to be launching a next-generation set of tools as well as lifting mechanisms that we think could continue to see some good performance.
Vicente Reynal: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your level of interest. And as we said on the call, I want to thank, again, all of our 20,000 employees across Ingersoll Rand who are owners of Ingersoll Rand, and have a great performance here as we kind of close the year and as we go into 2024. So, thanks again for the interest and look forward to catching up with many of you. Thank you, thank you, everybody.
