Vicente Reynal: Yes, Mike. Good morning. We definitely continue to see price cost equation to be positive. Even here in the second half. As you may recall, during the last earnings, we mentioned that we were seeing the inflation creeping up since Q4 of 2020. And we acted on that when building the budget for 2021. Since the end of Q1 of 2021 of this year, we have seen inflation and we've got inflation here, direct material and logistics continue to increase, which is the reason why we acted on additional pricing actions. I'll say those Brexit pricing actions are offsetting the incremental inflation that we're expecting to see in the second half. With that, we're also continuing to focus on mitigating these headwinds with a very heavy focus on I2V initiatives. So I think in terms of kind of moving forward, I will also categorize direct material inflation and continue to be a headwind but generally stabilizing while logistics side, we do expect to see continued pressure in the second half of the year compared to the first half. But this is kind of consistently with how we model our business and we are clearly working on a daily basis to ensure that our supply chain team is finding ways to mitigate the potential cost pressures. And then, there beyond as things materialize and we see good fruit of these continued price increases, obviously, we expect margin profile to continue to improve.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Mike. I think if anything, what we saw is that, as we have some long cycle businesses, particularly kind of that Nash Garo and some of the large compressors. And we saw in the second quarter order momentum to continue to improve compared to the first half. We actually saw orders accelerating on these large projects. So maybe that's a good indicator in terms of the feedback that we're seeing from customers that they're kind of feeling more confident and comfortable about releasing CapEx for some of these large projects. And so, at least in our view, that's kind of good news. We also see, as I mentioned, good funnel momentum building on some of this kind of hydrogen refueling networks, which obviously that tends to create some good solid investments here that turn into revenue for our business.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Julian, thanks. We're really excited with these two pending acquisitions. And we actually see both companies as we kind of go ahead and look into next year to be continued to grow low double digit top-line. As we can have stated, Maximus is already at the precision and science technology margin profile. So and Seepex even though below we expect that Seepex, as we go into 2022 will be kind of a low 20 margin. And as you would expect, this is our initial view. And we have already launched an IBM part of the IRX with Seepex as part of our integration planning process, as we can move now into the next phase of closing the deal and move it into the integration. So far, what we see is that, we don't see any barrier to get Seepex margins through to the precision and science level, I think it's a business that it is solid with over 40% recurring after market, it has already launched a very meaningful or what we consider to be really strong digital platform where we've been able to kind of crack the code on creating edge devices for this type of pumps which tend to be highly cost effective. So we're excited with what we're seeing here with Seepex, I mean, as it brings to the table, not only a great new product portfolio with progressive cavity pumps, but also a great IoT technology. And clearly same thing with Maximus.
Vicente Reynal: Yes, Jeff, it is a great interesting question. I will say that -- we see a lot of retrofitting driver, because in many instances and we have said, some of these before, when you look at a blower that goes into a wastewater treatment facility, the energy consumed by a blower is close to like, 60% of the energy consumed at that total facility. So, these are devices that are highly mission critical, low cost to the overall process, when you put in perspective when it purchased -- when you buy the product, but they can be high energy users. Same thing with compressors and a lot of our new compressor technology it’s just massively much better from an efficiency perspective than the old compression technology. So in many cases, we have, train our sales team, our commercial teams, to really sell on that value proposition. And this is what we see as one of the main drivers, when customers want to replace product, they say, might as well help the environment in terms of having a much more energy efficient and with energy continue to increase in countries like or areas like Europe and even Asia, there's a larger propensity for customers to go after products that can reduce that energy consumption.
Vicente Reynal: Hi, Nigel. We're very pleased with what the team in China continues to do. I can say that even about a year ago, when COVID hit really hard in China, the team immediately start to pivot into end market, where they could see meaningful growth as the recovery from the China economy will come. And we're seeing a lot of that now. That pivoting into better end markets that are in markets where government has put in some good investments. I'll say that also the team has done some really great product launches. The team overall they have now relaunched the Gardner Denver brand line of compressors, it is getting really well positioned in the China market. I will also say that before, our blower and vacuum business was actually very small in a big market. Now that we have a larger scale team with a Ingersoll Rand acquisition, we're leveraging the channel and the knowledge of that team into the market to really accelerate the growth on the vacuum and blower business. And, one example that I show, even here today with the air treatment revenue right now in China is very low. So it is a really meaningful opportunity for the team in China as we can’t take these new product line of dryer solutions and launch that and kind of launch that in China. So really good combination of -- the team is executing really well, commercially, selling what we have in different end markets, while at the same time launching new products that are really getting good traction in the market.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. Thanks, Rob. The Maximus IoT growth that is, a phenomenal find, in terms of an acquisition. And that came from looking at the market from a different kind of sort of angle and perspective in the sense that we had a good pump business called Dosatron. That plays really well in the animal health and agricultural market, that is the market leading non-electrical pumps, so basically creates dosing and movement of water, just by the flow itself. So it's kind of really unique technology. And in most of this kind of highly specialized applications and you can think about those applications, like hydroponics. I mean, we know the amount of the rain, the acreage that is available in the world to continue to grow vegetables and feed animals is kind of shrinking really fast. So more and more you're moving to indoor farming and hydroponics which is obviously the way of growing vegetables with the use of water. And here we have a really great leadership position. So when you go to one of these indoor farms, this is Maximus is a leader in these agritech controlling aspects of or being able to control the entire ecosystem of that. And where we see a lot of very good plays of not only our pumps, but all the devices that are inside that we can now actually bundle and kind of complete together the entire package. And when you think about that type of process, could we take it and replicate that into a wastewater treatment facility or into any of these other end markets? That is what our thesis also goes into? Is that how do you take that Maximus software IoT comprehensive solution, and then utilize it and leverage it for other end markets? And that's where we just get super excited. I mean, in terms of doing a large deal, I mean, obviously, you could argue that the smaller deals take as much time as large deals, that's what many say. I will say that with the use of IRX right now, we're building some incredible processes and muscle, whereas integrating is small or bolt-on deal is -- it goes actually quite well. I mean, Tuthill or Kinney is a great example. Where the theme in the Americas was able to integrate that pretty much by themselves and in a very rapid way, including the integration of the entire ERP system and in a very highly cost- effective way. So we think that larger deals can give us a bigger, faster scale. Yes, but we also know that, larger deals come in with what I call a bit of air in the sense that not all larger deals are 100% perfect. And sometimes you need to divest and kind of decouple businesses that you may not like from those systems from those businesses. So we continue to be excited about our bolt-on a medium size, business acquisitions that we have in our funnel. And we think that the processes that we have will continue to accelerate how we do deals.
Vicente Reynal: No, I think Joe, we're looking for businesses that can continue to raise the bar of Ingersoll Rand in the sense of making Ingersoll Rand continue to be a great, I think what -- from being a good company to a great company, but also even bigger than greater company. And by that, it has to be strategic deals that make a lot of sense to our product portfolio. That makes a lot of sense to how we look at margin expansion and top-line growth for the future value of the company. Seepex and Maximus are kind of two, I would say great businesses that, for example, are drawing double-digit growth, great technologies. Maximus already at the margin profile of precision and science. Seepex has room to improve, but it's a technology that we like. So I think it's just one of those that in some cases, we look at both, but more important, is not the size, it's kind of just the margin expansion that we can generate and make the total company better. So we can continue to see multiple accretion in an overall business.
Vicente Reynal: Hey, Marcus. I think that's probably a good analogy, just to see -- to think that, at least, what we see here is this kind of broad base optimism in the market, and that our CapEx are kind of getting more and more, getting started to get released. And so yes, you could argue that's kind of the same type of momentum that we expect to see.
Vicente Reynal: Yes. In terms of the fragmentation is, there actually not that many players in the dispensing market. You could argue that they're kind of like top three main players with us being one of them. So at this point in time, it is such a highly specialized way of dispensing these types of gas, and that you have to do it with specialized type of equipment. And in this case, Haskel is one of the leading providers for doing that. And Haskel has a lot of history on dispensing hydrogen, because they used to do a lot of these for rocket ships, many, I mean decades ago. And in terms of the 250 million funnel, I mean, we see these over the next horizon of years. I mean, it varies from project-to-project. But I think the good thing is to be continued to see that funnel momentum increase and get back on many of these projects that are seeing expansion of networks.
Vicente Reynal: Thank you so much. I just want to say one more time, thanks again to all of the employees that are listening to the call. I appreciate all your hard work [indiscernible]. And I also thank all of the investors and potential investors to participate and the interest that you have in our company and look forward to speaking to many of you here over the next days and weeks. Thank you.
Vik Kini: Yes, Julian, and this is Vik. I'll take that one. So, yes, I mean, I think first and foremost, in terms of the second half of the year as we mentioned, and I think actually, even the left side of that page kind of highlights despite some of the inflationary pressures and headwinds that we've been seeing, you've seen as a couple of distinct actions really taken by the team. First, is the proactive kind of pricing measures that we spoke to I'd say, we've talked about this historically, from a legacy Gardner Denver perspective, having a distinct pricing team that's able to be pretty nimble and take actions pretty quickly, particularly in an environment like this. And obviously, the first half of the year was no different. So I think between some of the proactive pricing measures you saw us taking, towards the back half of last year, as well as some of the actions we've taken in the first half of this year. I think that's obviously continued to allow us to keep the price cost equation on the positive side. And then, the other piece is, obviously, we are 100% still committed to the $100 million of incremental synergies that we're expecting to be delivered this year. And interesting enough, some of those distinct actions are really coming from the direct material side, particularly now starting to see a good influx on the I2V side. So you are correct that, yes, we are seeing some of those inflationary headwinds in the back half the year. I think some of the pricing measures as well as the productivity actions are definitely helping to offset as well as some of those corporate cost headwinds. We do believe that we continue to see EBITDA margin expansion in the back half of the year, albeit to your point, not necessarily at the levels that we saw in first half, obviously, given some of the headwinds we're talking about.
Vik Kini: Probably backwards, frankly. So to start with your second question, they're kind of distinct. So yes, we are seeing inflation, but we're still very much committed to the 100 billion dollars of total synergies of which obviously, the agenda procurement direct material component comprises a big, big component. So it's no different than how we've messaged it before, even coming into the year, we were seeing, I would say $100 million expectation of synergies, and frankly, a smaller degree of inflation, clearly, inflationary pressures have probably grown a bit. But, those two numbers are somewhat distinct. And that's the way we're kind of managing it. Clearly our teams have done a really great job, when you think about the procurement and supply chain organizations, they've now really, I'd say, you know, been able to, I would say, use IRX and use a lot of our internal processes to be able to balance, as their attention between both synergy delivery, as well as managing a lot of the supply chain and logistics constraints that, frankly, the general markets have seen. So I think right now, we're extremely pleased, are we seeing any dramatic push out of savings, or anything of that nature compared to our original expectations? No, not in any material manner? I think for us, what we've been seeing here has probably given us a bit of a acceleration in the context of looking at more I2V initiatives as a means to mitigate. So, like we said, we're not immune to what's going on. But I think that right now, we're kind of keeping that synergy equation quite balanced to what we originally thought. And also opening, I'd say, the team up to, frankly, looking at more I2V initiatives and things like that as cost mitigants.
Vik Kini: Yes, Joe. This is Vik. I'll take that one. So, I think first of all is yes, I mean, we've always been really pleased with the orders performance. I think the good thing here that we've talked about and Vincente mentioned, in the second quarter, we actually saw a good mix of what we'll call kind of core compressor blower vacuum type orders, which, yes, typically ship out within kind of the next quarter thereafter, you're not typically booking those for five, six months out in most regions. But we've also seen a nice tailwind in some of the -- kind of the larger project size, whether that'd be the centrifugal compressor side, whether that be Nash Garo business. So I'd say, those are the types of orders that tend to have six to 12, in certain cases even longer than that kind of order to sale kind of lead time. So the good news here is, we've seen a bit of a balance. I think in the context of orders to revenue. Yes, obviously, we have a stronger backlog and we have more backlog visibility today than we've had in probably any quarter coming in, backlogs are up, strong double digits and frankly, even better in certain parts of the business. And yes, we have strong visibility into Q3 at this point in time, pretty much across most of the portfolio. But the good news here is, we've also taken some really nice, longer recycle orders, as we would call them, that kind of now even extended to 2022. So giving us even a little bit more visibility into 2022 than we had, frankly, over the course of last few months. So I think we're seeing a good balance of both is the answer Joe.
Vik Kini: And Markus, I would add to that, frankly, given that funnel and given where our technology is headed, that's driving, obviously, the investment that we announced, the $10 million that we expect to spend over the next 12 or so months, that's really meant to build out capacity in a large part here, with the expectation to be able to execute on a meaningful part of that funnel. So I think we're kind of seeing the funnel and we're reacting. And we always said, quite explicitly, we're going to continue to invest in those higher growth -- organic growth areas, this being a big one. And we're quite excited about a couple of the plant expansions that are going to be coming up here in Europe in the next 12 months.
Vik Kini: Yes, John, you're exactly right. I think the free cash flow side of the equation typically tends to be a bit more second half seasonally weighted, that comes from probably a couple of different factors. One is -- one, the revenue and earnings profile of the business does tend to be a little bit more back end weighted in the context of just kind of our earnings profile, you've seen that in most years, I would also say the working capital side of equation tends to follow a pretty seasonal path. This year will probably be no exception here where, as you can see the numbers, we have seen some inventory build prudently, frankly, in the back -- in the front half of the year, a lot of that is positioned, quite frankly for the second half execution second half orders. And so, we do expect to see a nice tailwind on working capital in the back half of the year that tends to be, I would say, the kind of the two of the biggest contributors. I would also tell you that, we're working really hard steadily on the tax rate, we continue to see good momentum there on the tax position and the cash tax rate for the overall company and one that we would expect to continuously moving into 2022 as well. So I think there's multiple different levers that we're looking at and we're pulling. I think we're being very prudent continued in this environment in terms of deploying cash. But, again, we'd expect to see a strong second half of the year, not too dissimilar to what you saw last year.
