Michael W. Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. During the call today, I'll discuss our third quarter results as well as discuss the recalibration of our guidance as we continue to manage against the very real headwinds of this economy. Steve will dive deeper into some of the quarterly results as well. In the third quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 5% and 7%, excluding the Hussmann refrigeration business that we sold on September 30. Third quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.81 per share, that's $0.04 above our revised midpoint guidance range. The sectors were essentially on a revised forecast, and the positive variance above the revised range was principally from lower corporate costs and positive foreign exchange gains, and market activity was mixed across the business. During the quarter, we continued to see strong bookings in Industrial, Air and Productivity. We had healthy bookings in commercial HVAC, although we did start to see equipment orders in Europe and North America tempered toward the end of the quarter. Transport demand moderated in the quarter. Global Security orders in the quarter were up 4% led by strong bookings in Asia. However, North American Security orders were flat as the commercial construction recovery, which was expected originally to be in the back half of 2011, has clearly pushed out especially for our key institutional markets. Residential orders, impacted by a stagnant U.S. housing market and lack of consumer demand. R-410A replacement systems were down year-over-year. The company orders were up 4% and 3%, excluding currency. Hussmann orders were down versus last year and depressed total order growth by almost 2 points. Operating margin for the quarter was 11.3%. That's up 30 basis points. The improvement was significantly below the margin improvements we have achieved in the past several quarters and look to achieve in the future. While the margins improved from pricing and productivity, they were depressed by a year-over-year decline in revenues in Residential HVAC, Club Car and Hussmann and further by adverse mix in Residential HVAC and commercial security. We continue to realize price across all businesses. In the third quarter, our pricing outpaced direct material inflation for the second consecutive quarter. On September 30, as expected, we closed the sale of a majority stake in Hussmann to CD&R for gross proceeds of $370 million. The proceeds are being used towards our share repurchase program, and available cash flow is expected to be about $1 billion for the year. We continued our share repurchase program and have repurchased over 17 million shares as of September 30, and about 22 million shares as of yesterday. Revenue and profitability performance in Residential HVAC had a significant impact on the quarter, so I want to take a few minutes to update you on the market and our actions to address our market position and profitability. The R-22 dry-ship loophole continues to have a significant impact on the residential HVAC industry. And as a result of the loophole, R-22 units made up 25% of the markets out or units shipped in the quarter. 410A demand softened significantly in the third quarter. Industry motor-bearing unit 410A shipments were down over 15% in the quarter versus the prior year. Based on our discussions with the EPA, we believe the loophole will likely stay in place through 2012 and therefore, we began producing R-22 units in mid-August. We were able to quickly bring production to the needed run rate. Given the timing of the season, however, R-22 shipments will have a minimal impact on our revenue until we are -- through next year's cooling season. The impact on our business was further exacerbated by the continued downward mix shift by consumers to lower SEER, lower cost, less-featured systems. Our Trane business model has traditionally been built around providing premium products, customer support and efficiency levels. We believe this is a medium- to long-term shift in consumer behavior and are making the necessary adjustments to adapt our products and business model to this trend. Given lower 410A volumes, we made a conscious decision to bring down 410A inventory levels by more than 20 days by year end through reducing build rates in the factories, which resulted in unabsorbed costs, impacting margins in the third quarter. This will continue in the fourth quarter. We've been executing to our operational plans on the new residential projects as outlined in July. All production lines are able to run at rate. The material cost reduction plan is going as scheduled, which means we will be through about 80% of the parts by year end. And now, let me turn it over to Steve for a discussion of each of the businesses.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Steve, we've made great progress in 2.5 years. It's just clear as we had to reassess where we were and particularly taking guidance down for the quarter and for the year. In fact, we're just not seeing that recovery taking place as we hoped in 2011 late and certainly, no Res recovery that -- it's out of any time frame that we indicated with the framework. What I'm not going to do is issue any new framework. I think that what I'd like to do is just sort of year-over-year, tell you through guidance what we expect to do in terms of performance of the company. I think that structurally and ultimately, we will get to where we wanted to go. I'm not going to predict the time line because I just can't predict which way this economy is going to go or what pace it's going to recover in the areas that we need to recover. But you can expect that we're going to focus on significant improvement across the company, give you good guidance, transparency around what we're telling you and take it one year, one quarter at a time.
Michael W. Lamach: I'll tell you, Climate continues to do very well and increased, I think, 150 basis points in the quarter when you pull Hussmann out. Industrial continues to do the same and gain significant leverage. We hold the Security team to a different set of goals and objectives. Here, we're really looking to grow this business and really asking that team to maintain, incrementally grow the margins based on the volumes and depending on where those volumes are, different expectations for the Security business. In the Res business, clearly, that's eroded, our ability to hold through the original guidance that we had for the year. But I'll tell you, the last 2 or 3 months, as you interact with that team, as you talk through the business and their approach to dealing with what they've got in front of them, I think they understand the issues very well. And I think they've got plan for what they need to do and how to execute. And I think they've got a management cadence to keep on top of performance. So you got 2 sectors doing very well. You've got Security, which we're asking really to grow and kind of hang on to those excellent margins that they have, and we've got all the known issues in Residential that we've talked about through the past quarter till now.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Steve. In quarter 2, if you reflect back, I explained that I thought -- you could sort of break the performance down into 2 50% chunks. So first was really market and mix, and the second had to do with 2 issues, pretty well evenly split. One was R-22 not being in the market. Second was issues with new product launches. And we had 2 tests, if you will, in Q3, internal execution tests around the business. One was how quickly can we get into the R-22 business, increase production -- create production and meet demand in the marketplace. And we had set a very aggressive goal to do that very quickly. And I will tell you that we've exceeded that goal inside the company, and that's a testament to that team's tenacity around winning. The second piece of that outline is saying that it's a monthly view toward actual purchase price, reductions on each material component with the product launches that took place at the beginning of the year and that each month, we've got the capability of tracking that and understanding it we're on or off performance. And we've maintained our sales to be on plan, with performance that matched that plan through the quarter. And I have no reason to believe that anything is going to fall off track. We'll get to the end-of-year plan in that business. And that's going to leave us really with market and mix. And in here, the focus has been to aggressively look at the 13 and 14 SEER product and make sure that we've got a cost position in those products, second to none. We know we'll get a premium for those products but to really make sure the cost position is exactly right. So we're focused heavily on the reality of that, 75% of the business will be 13 SEER. And if you include 14 in that, it's going to be 80%, 85% of the market. We'll be at that low-end efficiency, and I think that that's going to be here for a while. And we've got to get competitive in that part of the market to make a difference. And so as we entered back into the market, if you will, for R-22 in the quarter, we got about 3 quarters of our due share back in that segment pretty immediately. If you think about that, that's remarkable when you got to build it, fill the channel and give the dealer base the opportunity to quote that, it was a pretty remarkable turnaround. And I'd expect that as we enter into next year, we're going to be armed, not have one arm behind our back. We'll have complete complement of R-22 cost-competitive products, a complete complement of effective R-410A product. And based on customer demand, we're going to adapt demand plan as we see it evolve.
Michael W. Lamach: David, I think the big theme actually was Europe. Just in general, Western Europe. And for a while, there was this very really almost a divergence between order rates and customer sentiment. And I think what you've got really here more is more convergence around those 2. And you see it in the buildings business where both the Security European business and the TCS business were actually down in bookings on a quarter. Slightly negative, but it's a trend. And you had transport. Transport dipped a bit as well, negative. I think that what you'll see in Q4 will be more of a continuation of the trend around the buildings theme and more of a moderation around the TK business as opposed to any kind of negative year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter results.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, David. Actually, for the industry, the change between R-22 and 410A is really dramatic I think in the industry in terms of the margins. 410A just had more of a systems component, both [ph] system sale. And so in terms of driving revenue and absorption in the factories and plants, it's certainly a more profitable proposition for the entire industry. We saw 13 SEER itself, sometimes with the most minimum, 13-SEER efficiency. Not saying 13 to 14, but 13 alone went from about 65% of the market in the first quarter, grew 10 points to about 75%, 76% in the third quarter. So again, you see the shift down to 13 SEER. And then within that, you could make that in 410A or you can make that in R-22. And you really saw a doubling of the R-22 mix over that same Q1 to Q3 period. I think that what'll happen here, and I don't think it'll happen in 2012, is ultimately 2 things will happen. One is you'll see minimum SEER requirements increase. You'll see that at the end of 2012. 2013 will be in parts of the country will be up to a 14-SEER unit. I think you'll also see the EPA at some point in time working to close all or part of that loophole. And that'll be an impetus for us and for the industry at large. And so short of that, it's going to be really self-made help in terms of being able to drive down the cost structure of the 13 to 14-SEER product and just really obsess how it is we can become more competitive in that new reality.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I mean you kind of gave sort of 2 thoughts here around how we're attack it. There's really 3. I mean, one has been the structural cost of footprint of the business. And I think you're right to say that, that's largely run its course. We'll continue to always look at capacity and move that and adapt that as we need to. But that's not really the story going forward. You mentioned functional cost area, and that's something that we kicked off earlier in the year, and we'll be working aggressively on that over the next few years. But in the middle of that, there's the real opportunity around what we're doing with the whole sourcing team, separating materials planning from the sourcing and centralizing that sourcing with commodity teams and where we've done that. We've got great benefit. We want to do it faster and build capability in that area. And then second from that, on the labor component, on the value stream work we're doing around the lean transformation is probably the most exciting long-term thing that we could be doing because it really affects the customer in a positive way. It's an opportunity not only to reduce cost, if you will, but really, ultimately, it's to provide better operating leverage and hopefully take some share through better operating performance. And so to me, it's that middle part that I think has got the longest legs to it. And it's one of the hardest things to do because it's a long-term evolution of how we want to run the operational part of the company, and that takes a bit of time.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, 2 things. First of all, the Climate, Industrial incrementals were pretty good for us. And then if you look at Security, it's much, much more of a geographic mix. It's driving up really the growth in the Asian business. And here, you saw us at 55%-type growth rates in Asia for the quarter, and that's what we want to be doing there. So that really is still solid performance within the Security team. It really puts the focus back on the Residential business and why the large decrements in the quarter and what does that mean for quarter 4. And in my comments earlier, I talked about taking 20 days of inventory out of that business. And I'm really talking about taking 20 days of the R-410A product out of the business. And when you do that, it's worth something like $80 million, $85 million in inventory and probably something like $20 million, $25 million of lost absorption that we would see in the fourth quarter. So I mean, what we're trying to really do here is make sure that -- and you seeing these decrementals, as we really takedown both demand rates and inventory levels in that product line and, if you will, getting the organization in shape for the next season, which is really the next, I would say, litmus test around our capability and how that's changed from year-to-year, will be next July as we're talking to you about how quarter 2 went for us. So you'll consider -- you'll continue to see those large decrementals in Residential as we adjust mainly at the inventory level going forward. Now in Industrial, we'll -- and Climate, we're going to moderate somewhat in Industrial overtime. Climate, we flagged some weakness in Europe and in North America here. And this has been the most active team that we've had around setting up scenarios and setting up a playbook around reducing over time, and they've been doing that for the last couple of quarters, parts of the cost structure to adapt to that. So I feel good about the playbook at Climate to adapt. I feel good about the playbook at Industrial to adapt as well. And with Res, we're just going to have to get through this quarter 2, quarter 3 and next quarter and getting ourselves kind of back into fighting shape.
Michael W. Lamach: That goes back to the original framework. And if you look at that framework, it wasn't just the growth, but it was where that growth was going to occur. And if it occurred in places where we were typically laden with business in North America, Western Europe, I mean, that had a different effect on the ability to grow the market of the company that would be in emerging markets or developing markets for us. So it's not just the growth rate, but it's also that aspect of it. You're also seeing that, I think, in more businesses than the Res, a tendency for the consumer and the customer to move more towards value offerings. And we are seeing that in our Industrial business as we have watched our value brand for air compressors grow dramatically over this period of time. And that will continue as well. So I really can't talk about that framework and kind of relate that back to what the margin potential would be in sort of a 0 growth rate. We're working on right now a plan and a set of scenarios for 2012. And the intent would be, next quarter, lay that out for you in a way that I think looks at the reality of what we've got in the marketplace. And that's the intention going forward.
Michael W. Lamach: We actually realized prices of nearly 6% in the quarter in Res. So it was 5.9 to be exact against a material number, which was kind of in the 4% range. The biggest driver there, 7.5 points of a degradation in margin were from volume and mix.
Michael W. Lamach: I think we said about $20 million to $25 million, and the bulk of that is going to be in the fourth quarter, Nigel.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, the inventory reduction impacting absorption. Nigel, I mean, clearly, the industry itself is forecasting something in the neighborhood of down 7% for the industry. I think we're going to do a bit worse than that in the fourth quarter. A couple reasons. I mean, one is just getting our cost structure in line for the 13-, 14-SEER products that are being sold into the marketplace. So I don't expect to be a sharetaker in that process in the fourth quarter. And so you really run into a fourth quarter that between the volume drop, sort of the industry drop, the mix that we're seeing, that you're looking at something that could be in the 1% operating margin range for the quarter. And although that's going to be an awfully low number, it would not alarm us relative to what we see in the plans that we're trying to do to improve the business.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I mean, a couple of things, Stephen. One is if you look at sort of the operating performance of the company over the last couple of years, it's been really a good story around -- I'm going to take the stock price out for a second, you can clearly see that there's been a lot of improvement around the areas we've been focusing on, around margin expansion and the degree of innovation coming into the business. And at the end of the day, we feel good about that. We've tried to be very transparent in what we are doing. I mean, I even go back to thinking about, I guess, the June or July time frame, indicating at one of the conferences that I'm picking up vibes that even the long-haul truckers are feeling that there is anxiety in terms of what they see going forward and that there's a nervousness in that group as well and how that might portend for something that we're seeing now, which is really a flattening of -- moderating of that business. So we're trying to communicate that. I think that what we're trying to do here is really sort of shed this framework, if you will, because there's very little to that framework that's materialized economically. And frankly, what's happened to me in the last couple of weeks, really 3 weeks even, is just sort of watching what's transpiring in Europe for us and then trying to communicate through to you now that -- I think I need to take the top of that range away. Unfortunately, mathematically, it means that the median goes -- the middle goes down, the average goes down, but what I'm really trying to communicate to you is I think that the problems in Europe are a bit more serious. And I think it's beginning to show in that convergence between sentiment and the order rate. And so again, I hope you'll take what we're trying to do here around reducing the fourth quarter as in understanding that we are trying to tell you what we are seeing and lay out guidance that we're seeing at that point in time.
Michael W. Lamach: Steve, appreciate the comments. I can tell you I'm talking to our shareholders directly on a constant basis. I'll continue to do that, in taking that feedback and trying to adapt any communication issues going forward here. I mean, clearly, we don't want that to be your feeling, and we'll look to go forward and try to improve on that. On the flipside of that, Steve, I don't think that the organization can apologize for great performance over the last couple of years. What I got to tell you here is I just don't see the moon and the stars lining up for us to be able to hit that original framework. And what I'm trying to tell you today, a mea culpa as anywhere, it's look, we're not going to be able to achieve that framework in the time frame that I outlined, and I'm telling you that today.
Michael W. Lamach: No. I think, Josh, perhaps -- maybe it won't be as bad as that. We really committed though. I mean, we've got a lot of momentum here in the pricing area, and so I think that our price realization has been relatively high in the industry, and perhaps that's got something to do with that. I don't want to sort of be a leader in taking prices down across the industry. But no, we're not forecasting anything horribly bad in terms of the furnace season at all.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, Josh. Let me deal with that in terms of guidance we give you next quarter. And what we'll certainly try to do is, as we look at the scenarios like that, we'll be clear about how that would maybe look toward more the bottom of the range of the range we give you, and maybe give you some sensitivity around what would move our guidance up to the top of the range or down at the bottom of the range. We'll give you some sensitivity around those sort of things.
Michael W. Lamach: You're exactly right. It starts in the fourth quarter. Third quarter was a little bit above 4, and 4 could be a little bit below 4.
Michael W. Lamach: Right. And we have extended that a bit into first and second quarter of next year to try to take advantage of the current spots.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, I think Climate I think will continue to perform well. I think you could probably look at that as being somewhere in the 9.5% range, and you could probably vary off that 20, 30 basis points either way. Industrial, probably in the 15% to 15.5% area in a quarter for us. Security, actually, relative to last year, we'll do fairly well. I mean, I don't think anything here is going to take that business down, say, below 19% in the low end, maybe 19.5% on the top end, which would be an improvement over last year. We were just a little bit under 18% in the fourth quarter there. In Resi, I'm thinking if we skewed fully on the inventory reduction piece of this thing, it's likely to be in the 1% range.
Michael W. Lamach: Yes, I'm going to defer to Steve here on that, Terry, but there really weren't any one timers per se in there. But Steve, I don't know if you have any comments on...
Michael W. Lamach: Terry, I'd tell you, and this is similar to what -- Steve's question. I really don't want to get drawn into that until I've got the facts and I can communicate that to you. So I don't want to speculate on that without really going through the work we're going through right now and coming out and telling you what I think it will look like for us.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, I mean, I think from sort of an overall management of the company, it's a large unwieldy company with a lot of spare parts, so it makes some sense to put your building businesses together. Obviously, they didn't put Otis in there, but it makes some sense to put those things together and probably gain more efficiencies in doing that than probably any sort of growth upside. There really is more of a trend in the market. In fact, we survey constantly on this, and we find 97%, 98% of building owners, kind of look at what we do and -- as best in breed. And they'll think that way about fire systems, they'll think that way about security, around HVAC, control systems, and there's a lot less of a -- there's no momentum around changing that. Frankly, that particular question has been around for 25 years in the intelligent building world, and that mix hasn't changed much. So that's sort of how I feel about it, and then we keep an eye on that integration aspect of putting businesses together. We occasionally will go to market together with HVAC and Security when a customer wants to that, but it's not as common as one might think.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, they're awfully tough to get. As you can imagine, we're pretty pleased to see 2 quarters in a row, and we have put a lot of work into, I would say, the systems, the processes, the methodology across the company to do that. I think the level of sophistication around how we think about price is very different than it was 1 year, 1.5 years ago and how we segment pricing for the various customers that we work with. And so we're going to continue to do that, sort of independent of what happens with falling commodity prices. I think that you'll see us not leading in those efforts clearly. I think that there's probably a quarter or 2 where you look at sort of the "backlog" purging through with hopefully a little lower commodity cost coming through as well. And so I think there's an opportunity here probably to further that spread. But these things change pretty quickly. We particularly watch that with steel and how steel changes relatively quickly. And for us, it's a lot more impactful as to what happens with steel pricing than it does with copper.
Michael W. Lamach: Actually, Robert, it really reversed itself nicely in bookings that we've seen where we'll be up really light double digits in the quarter. We had a very large couple of contracts, performance contracts that we executed last year at this time, and we get a little bit of lumpiness here just in comparability between a really good quarter last year and this quarter. But I'd expect that business to be high-single digit sort of overall rates for the end of the year, and I would tell you in the fourth quarter, we're trending something north of 10% bookings growth. So I don't think there's anything going on in that business other than a pretty tough comp last year in Q3.
Michael W. Lamach: Well, the European business is going to be Applied for us more than Unitary by a long shot, okay? So it's really Applied business there, and it would be both Unitary and Applied in North America moderating.
Steven R. Shawley: Yes, Dave. The big swing was we saw a remarkable -- in a very short period of time in late September, a big swing between what was going in bookings in the first part of the quarter versus the second part. It affected European Trane commercial to a degree. I would say that the transport markets in North America flattened, okay? I mean, it wasn't dropping off of a cliff, but it certainly flattened relative to previous growth rates that we've seen. We're still seeing pretty good bookings in the truck trailer piece of it. The piece that probably went the further south was bookings in the marine business. And that was expectations of several large orders coming in that we just don't see coming in at this point in time.
Steven R. Shawley: I think, David, to be clear, the U.S. order rates have flattened. Truck trailer is still -- it's definitely slowed, but trucks are a little still slightly positive in the quarter. The issue for Europe, because we count the marine business of Thermo King in Europe, the down orders we saw in Europe for TK were really driven by marine. As you know, marine is -- it doesn't leverage us well within Thermo King as truck and trailer for us, so that's kind of the thumbnail sketch there.
Steven R. Shawley: Yes, I would say that if you look at -- when we took out off of the top of the range, it would be -- some stuff would be producing on a higher margin.
Steven R. Shawley: Josh, I don't -- just want to make sure we're clear here. We do hedge copper through our supply base, okay? And we have a...
Steven R. Shawley: Yes, we would expect some headwind next year, probably in the $35 million to $40 million range incremental cost for pension versus this year. The funding will be about the same, somewhere in the $50 million range, which has been consistent with the -- I mean, we funded the pension significantly in late 2010. So we were able to thwart some of the headwinds that would've been expected this year, but will be back on a laddering next year of about, like I said, $40 million of costs and about $50 million of funding. So it's not overbearing. We've done a lot of work in the past few years to shift our investments away from equities and our big funds, and we're continuing to do that. So we're trying to manage that liability that way.
Steven R. Shawley: Yes, you have it correct, Robert. We had to do it this way because we had to put all of Hussmann back into continuing operations. We tried to give this to everybody so we could reconstruct the history correctly.
Steven R. Shawley: No, they have not, okay? We just wanted to make sure that everyone knows still what the Hussmann impact was in the overall numbers. We can give you an adjustment for the branches to correct that, but we just wanted to make sure we understood what the total Hussmann impact was in the numbers.
David Raso: Okay, I'm just trying to get a feel for the interplay on Thermo King margins, globally are higher than the HVAC, but it sounds like it's a little bit of cross currents of both. HVAC, Europe, North America truck flattening out, obviously not positive for margins but...
David Raso: Yes, that's what I'm looking for, just given the x currency, total company orders were up only 2 for the quarter, and your revenue guidance for the fourth quarter for the company implies revenues year-over-year down slightly to up 2.5. I'm just trying to get a feel for if we did see a little more slippage in the revenue for the quarter. Is it coming from those businesses particularly of high downside leverage, so to speak? And something [indiscernible] of a mix really. It's not...
David Raso: Okay. And lastly, for the long-term targets, obviously Residential, I mean, the target of 15% to 17% of the margin, given we're mid-single digit lower right now, it's probably one of the numbers that come down the most. But when I think about the adverse mix, and maybe correct me on that, but I'm assuming the incremental R-22 ship and away from the 410A is a negative for your margins. I think that's a safe assumption, correct me if I'm wrong. How should I think about margins in Residential next year in kind of in a context at '13, 15% to 17% number? Is that where you'd kind of cut that margin in half? I mean, the mix can't be a positive, I would think.
