Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Okay, great. Thank you, Sue, and let's go to slide 17. So to conclude, we had an excellent quarter grounded in solid execution. I am proud of the many people within Ingersoll-Rand that continue to deliver for our customers and for our shareholders. I am pleased with the progress and the momentum and the implementation of our operating system and the growing depth and bench strength throughout the company that makes the operating system come to life through continuous improvement. We're building a stronger, more valuable, more sustainable and less cyclical Ingersoll-Rand than ever before and it's exciting to me and leaders throughout the company to be part of that transformation and to help create a bright future with more individual development possibilities for all our people throughout the world. The results we reported this morning are a direct result of the strategic work, the persistence, the tenacity of the talented people that represent the unique culture we're building. It is a strategic advantage and it is the toughest thing in any business for a competitor to copy. There are a few takeaways I want to point out to you as we head to the back half of the year and into 2017. First, the Industrial businesses are running effectively in a very tough market environment. The management team is aggressively taking and will continue to take the right actions to reduce the overall cost structure of the business and is committed to protecting the key product and service investments that will build long-term growth and margin expansion when the markets improve. Second, the Transport market is performing as we expected. As we said at the beginning of the year, we expected the first-half results to be up and the back half of the year would be down. The management team has done an effective job anticipating and seeing around the corners and is proactively taking the actions to ensure strong margin performance continues. Third, commodity deflation has been a tailwind during the first half of the year and it's going to moderate to neutral in the back half of the year. We have a long track record of managing the price-to-material input equation very effectively and we're going to continue to do so going forward. And finally, let me say we are proactively reviewing both prior restructuring considerations as well as new actions as our business, markets and even the input variables into our own models continue to evolve. Although we don't have any immediate additional restructuring actions to take or announce today, we won't hesitate to take additional prudent restructuring actions going forward. So with that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yes, Nigel, thanks for the question. Actually, I would expect two quarters of similar growth, two quarters of teens versus one 20-plus% quarter, so I think that's intact. The pipeline, frankly, has never been healthier than it is right now, and it is healthy through all the institutional large project work. Commercial is maintaining some resiliency that we are seeing here, and unitary, at the light levels, still strong for us. So Residential all the way up through light commercial still remains very strong for us across the board.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: And, Nigel, I'd just say to me the biggest number on the page is we're putting half a point – 50 basis points of margin back into investment, and it's a formula that's worked for us, it sets us up well for 2017, and we like what we're getting out of those investments.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: I'm sorry – Julian, starting I would say that again for me the most important thing that's happening there is they're really, say, 40% through an investment cycle there that there's just no reason to stop and go on that. And so that continues for the balance of the year for us, and that's something that I think is vitally important. There's a tremendous effort underway at reducing costs in that business, much of what's not just visible through what you'd say would be qualified restructuring. Much of that is just reduction in place and just other containment actions being taken in the business. So that really, when I say the business is being run effectively, I have no doubt that all the rocks are being turned over, with the exception of protecting this critical investment pool that is important to us going forward. And I use that one example for you because it happens to be the example of the product growth team is the one product area that we have launched in that portfolio and we're getting tremendous results with that. So, again, this gives us some confidence that although it's not a great story for the third and the fourth quarter, we're not running the company for the third and the fourth quarter. We're running the company for the long run, and we hope investors see that. And that's part of the reason I think taking good success around the Climate business, keeping utilization up through the combined factory structures that we've got, leveraging the network's excellence across the Compression-related businesses that we have, give us the opportunity to stay the course on these investments, and that's really important.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, Jeff, it's a great question, and thanks for the opportunity to step back and look at it, because I look back over the seven years that I've been in this role and I remember when Industrial was the sweetheart of the portfolio, right, from 2009 to 2011, even through 2013, and we were expanding margins so fast that it afforded us the opportunity to do all the great investment we made in the Trane res and commercial businesses, which is really why you're seeing the numbers that you're seeing today in that business. And so now it's flipped. You remember that was all happening with no real commercial – certainly no institutional support coming from construction markets. And now that's flipped and it's allowed us the opportunity to keep factories fairly loaded. It's given us the opportunity to keep technical professionals highly engaged in development of product, and all that really just sets up where at some point when the commercial market in HVAC slows down, when institutional eventually fades, our hope is that we've got a strong, refreshed, energy-efficient, reliable portfolio sitting particularly in Compression Technologies. And we're going to leverage that, just like we did from 2009 to 2011 when it grew 7 full points. We are very leveraged here toward some of those fixed costs. Where we play in the market is in the big machine. It's not the Cameron – and when I talk Cameron I'm talking about Cameron plus all the 250 to 400 horse centrifugal air compressors, of which we're the leader now in that area. And we don't really participate much in the vacuum and blower business, which had some growth in it. So we have a product portfolio and a position in the market in these larger machines. That's what's getting hurt right now, and we're not going to throw the baby out with the bathwater here on that, for sure. That's why in addition to – I had mentioned the product development, but the machining investments, I mentioned last call and this call, those are going to continue. And we will put $50 million into machining in this downturn, so that when we emerge out of this thing we're going to be more productive. The hope is that it's not just 7 points of margin. It's more than 7 points of margin coming back. So Jeff, I think I really have got my head around the value of what we have created around integrating the portfolio, and over the long run not really so interested in a flash in the pan around some multiple for short cycle. I'm really interested in building the value of the company over the long run. And again, step back to 2009, Jeff. If you invested back in 2009, you are a very happy investor and I thank you for all the Christmas cards we get to that effect. But it's because we've had the portfolio that we've had.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Hey, Jeff, just before you do that, incremental margins every single year have been in the top quartile. Organic growth rates almost every single year have been in the top quartile. We've done that with elements of the portfolio firing and not firing at various points in time, and I just have to believe that there is value in that and there is industrial logic around what we are doing around the sustainability and energy efficiency fronts of the business. So go ahead.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yes, I agree, Jeff, with Sue's comments completely, obviously. But I would tell you that the competitive dividend's a given and the fact that we are controlling dilution in the share count is a given. We don't want to dilute shareholders through that, so that's a given. The optionality beyond that, we want to be really smart allocators of capital and we want to have our eyes wide open on how we do that. When you get big dislocations in the share price, we want to be opportunistic and we were in the first quarter between $48 and $51 a share. Clearly, that was a good idea. And we have been opportunistic when we saw value in long-term creation through acquisitions. And so we will continue to do that. Now all that being said, I think we have less than $1 billion in cash, so that's not a whole lot of cash we are talking about for a company our size to be walking around with.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, Joe, actually the efficiencies of the product launch, the 40% of the portfolio I told you about, are in the range of 9% to 13% more efficient than anything out in the marketplace. That's how we're going to market, around value, around total cost of ownership, and that's why that business is up in the high teens and bookings are closer to 30%. We know there is no purpose in us playing catch-up to a me-too. So every single thing we have done has been to leapfrog the efficiency and reliability of what's out there. And if you just look to the Trane portfolio, you would see that. In every launch we've made, not only is it more efficient than anything in the marketplace, but it is using refrigerants that go way past the HFC phase-out. So we're not meeting anybody kind of where they are; we are leapfrogging. And this whole strategic analytics piece of our business operating system of really figuring out kind of where to go attack, specifically. And then having those strategic growth programs outlined with the resources, the talent, the investments outlined and making sure that no matter what we do, we are committing to that, is why you get 80% plus of the growth happening through the areas we are focusing on. And that doesn't come from me-too catch-up.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah. I mean, the investments we're making are obviously in the areas that we're not leading, so any place we're not leading is a right spot for it. So if we're leading in 250 horse to 400 horse in the world, we'll keep that competitive and we'll make sure that we're not losing that position, but we're tacking in the other areas that we think are going to grow. That's sort of the general view. And you can understand why I'm not going to be more specific than that, because we would rather book it and have margin improvement versus just talking about it and really signaling where we're going competitively around this stuff. That's not been our style at all. But I'll tell you that it starts with the strategic analytics being right and the investments being very specific, and the product growth teams – so engineering, operations, and product management agreeing and working toward the one or two most critically important things to grow share and margin in a very specific product line or service line has been the formula for us that has been successful. We're going to continue to do that.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yeah, Joe, I actually want to take you back to the Industrial question just for a second. I just had one more comment here. I made a comment about the strength of the management team, which ultimately I think is what really investors need to believe in and buy. And I look at our Industrial Segment management team, and I can tell you that the top five to 10 executives running that part of the business co-architected the entire business operating system with me since it began. I couldn't have higher confidence in our ability to win as the markets recover. So I want to make sure that that point is really clear. It is a very strong management team paying attention to the details in that business.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: VRF, we're – very well. It is growing faster than the underlying unitary business. We continue to have a very high share; no slowdown there from us at all.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: I do. I think they are big moves and I think that you look at what we did with acquiring Cameron's compressor business, and we had synergies in the first year of 15% and we will drive it higher this year. So, look, I think great synergies exist and I think that these opportunities are happening, but I think they are bigger, more complex deals.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Yes, it's a bit of a Yogi Berra euphemism, but the business will turn when our customers start spending money on these larger plants, and so that needs to happen.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: There's a spot between sort of small plants and energy production that is a large plant. Steel would be a great example of that, marine, these are heavy industries that use large machines for air and that's really kind of where we're suffering on that.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: And, Steve, I'm going to add one point. Material handling, if you go back and bridge over a multiyear period, it was 2, 2.5 points of op margin that went away as that business went down 90% or so for us, okay. So you don't want to look at Industrial and kind of hang it all back on a comparison to Atlas Copco on compressors. You want to make sure you understand there's a couple of points of margin there, about a point in tools. Currency is a hit, and then you got the volume impact that we talked about on the bridge.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Andrew, there's subtleties moving inside that, but the view has always been you're going to see a pullback in North American trailer, as much as 15% in flat TK, and the mix is changing slightly within that, but that's really what's happening for the full year.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Q3 will look weak, because the compare was so strong last year that it sits the highest of high compares for us there, and then moderates a little bit in terms of the comparisons for the fourth quarter. But again, you take the first half of the year and balance it out to flat with no change and marine container being weak and really all the change coming with North American truck and trailer and a little bit coming, obviously, from APUs with just Class 8 sleeper production being down.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: Middle East is much weaker than we anticipated at the beginning of the year, and as you can imagine, it is a large HVAC business, and so the drag on the Middle East is fairly material. We're seeing some growth in China. That growth was really around shipping product that was booked, but we really haven't seen the pickup in China, per se. If you look at China non-residential construction, it's still negative, but for the past six months or seven months it has been trending up. I think it has gone from negative 17% up to negative 2%, but it hasn't crossed over. We really would have thought at this point we would have seen more a pickup. The nice thing in China, buildings are built in about half the speed that we see in other parts of the world and our cycle times for delivery can be half of what they are in other parts of the world as well. So if we did see a China recovery on the HVAC side, you need to see that, say, within a six-month period, not a 12-month period, but as you get into July and you're not really seeing the bookings here, it's just a way of really de-risking the forecast. And really, that de-risking is the theme coming into the Industrial portfolio, too. At this point, if we haven't seen bookings on large machines or bookings on midsized, even rotary, machines to this point in time, the reality is you just call it lower and it's what we've done. And so we hope we've got to the bottom of this thing.
Michael W. Lamach - Ingersoll: We haven't had a lot of change relative to Brexit. I think, like a lot of companies, there is a lot of discussion going on, but not a lot of change, and our business really – U.K. business is not that big in general. It's more the knockdown effect about what might happen in the region with GDP being shaved in general. But the business has continued to develop well. It's holding in there and we don't see things turning there as a result of Brexit or other market factors here at least over the next couple of quarters.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: So, Nigel, let me start out and Mike can add his comments as we go forward. So as I think about a Climate in the back half of the year, you're going to have a couple of different dynamics, the first of which, as we talked about, was that direct material was going to moderate in terms of its deflationary environment. So let me talk about that for just a second. What we expect to see in the back half of the year is we expect to see that steel, particularly in the fourth quarter, is going to turn more inflationary then deflationary. So that's part of what's happening with the flatter margins. We're also going to continue to invest in the overall business in the back half of the year. Again, we have got some significant product launches and we see this as an area that really sets us up for success. So it is really price, a little bit of mix that comes from us lapping the 14 SEER in Residential, and then investment in the business.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: Sure. So if you think about – and what I'll do is I'll give it to you in terms of dollars. So if you think about direct material spend for the company, Julian, it's about, say, $6 billion a year in direct material spend. If you then break that down into the commodities that we're talking about, it's roughly about 10% to 12% of that. And as you think about then breaking that down even further, steel is going to be the largest component, with copper and aluminum following that. And so the price pressure that we're thinking about in the back half is on steel, because copper and aluminum are pretty much staying the course with what we've seen.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: So Jeff, let me take a shot at that, and then I'm going to let Mike jump in. But I am going to kind of use some of the same passion that Mike had in his comments on the multiples and what we have built at Ingersoll-Rand. From a perspective of our cash generation and then our ensuing capital allocation, we're really trying to create longer-term shareholder value with the cash that we are generating. And so what we have seen that has been really successful for us is investing in our products and investing in areas like energy efficiency and sustainability. Those are proven for us in terms of building our growth excellence. If we look at operational excellence, all of the work that we've done and invested in the company, whether it is in our factories or in our overall processes with the business operating system, all of that has shown to be something that has worked very well for us. So our preference, as we think about capital allocation and your question, is to really invest and grow the company. So to be more specific than in terms of what that means, it means I want to continue to invest. It means I want to continue to do all of those things. It means we want to look at the M&A pipeline. But what we have is an opportunity where we can be patient, we can wait for the right opportunity and not just take the cash that we are generating and run out and buy something. So we're really, really thinking about investment. We are thinking about M&A. Dividends are extremely important to us. We understand that and we're going to continue to have dividends that are in line with our peer payout ratios, and we will also be opportunistic about share repurchase. I don't want to take that completely off the table, but if I set our preference up, it is going to be to build longer-term value through investments in the business and acquisitions.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: And so the other thing that I would add, Mike, just as a practical matter, Joe, for what you're talking about is the investments that are ongoing in Industrial are going to be in the same general areas, as you would expect. They're going to be in new products. They're going to be in operational excellence, so improving our operating results, and they also include some channel investments, particularly in the Compression Technologies business. So all the areas you might expect.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: So it was – so let me take you back to Q1 where it was about 50-50, price and direct material deflation. In the second quarter, it was a little more direct material deflation, but really kind of a 60-40 kind of look with deflation and price, and we were price positive in both segments. And so if you remember when we gave guidance and talked about the second quarter, we had originally called that at 110 basis points and it came in at 120 basis points. So again, it performed exactly as we expected it to in the quarter, and I'll repeat the Q1 comment of we didn't have breakage, so it was a good result.
Susan K. Carter - Ingersoll: Yeah, so oil and gas is really going to be sort of a low single-digit percentage, Steve. I mean that's part of the issue because you don't have large projects, but it's really the derivative, so all the other projects just aren't happening, and so it sort of gets labeled with oil and gas. So let me step back and also add to what Mike was talking about. When I started talking about Industrial early in 2016 and I was sort of breaking it down into pieces for you, what I said was that Club Car was about 20% of the business and it was going to be up sort of low to mid-single digits, that the aftermarket was about 30% of the Industrial segment and that it was going to be up low single digits. Then I talked about the big machines being down in excess of 20% and some of the small rotary and small air being up slightly for the year, and then some of the other businesses, like the material handling business and the tools businesses, being down sort of mid-single digits for the year. If I take that and transform that now into what we're seeing in 2016 after two quarters, Club Car, the same spot. They're growing in the mid-single-digits range and that's on track. The aftermarket piece of Industrial is continuing to grow. So you have got sort of solid footing with about 50% of the business. However, when you get over into the other side where I talked about large machines being down 20%, as Mike said, they're now down 50%, so they are down way larger than what we thought. And even some of the smaller equipment is really much more pressured than I thought it was going to be, and instead of being up sort of low single digits it's going to be down. So you really just have a lot of dynamics that are going on there with the Industrial business, and to bring it back and wrap it around your question about oil and gas and projects, again, it's really the derivative effect for us in most of our Industrial businesses, where the large projects just aren't happening and the ones that are happening are much more competitive.
