Alan Greer: Thank you and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. On today’s call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the first quarter and provide some thoughts for next quarter and for the full year. We also have Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during today’s comments. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T’s Web site. Let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management’s intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T’s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of the presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. At this time, I will turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Kelly. At this time, I'll ask the operator to come back on the line and explain how our listeners can join and participate in the Q&A session. Euglena, if you would come back on and explain please.
Alan Greer: Thank you and thanks for everyone for joining us today. I hope you have a good day. This concludes our comments.
Kelly King: So Mike, the way we can do that is because we’ve been talking for the last couple of years about our consistent focus and it’s been building in effectiveness with regard to re-conceptualizing our business. So if you look just from the start and say how could that be implicit to your question. How it can be is that we are restructuring re-conceptualizing all aspects of our business front and backroom. And so basically what we're doing is we're harvesting expenses from the backroom and shifting into the front room. It’s like I’ll use an analogy with our board, it's like you're living in a house and you’re building a new house for the future. You have to take care of the house you’re in and you have to invest for the future. But you don’t have to spend the same money on the existing house that you’re in while you’re investing for the house of the future. So it's about re-conceptualization that's why robotics, AI, all of that is critical. It changed over the last 15 to 20 years, Mike, is this. We now have the tools through advanced automation to be able to do all the things we have to do better, more efficiently and reinvest that money for the future with regard to client satisfaction and revenue.
Kelly King: Sure, it’s a great question and very insightful. So in the first quarter, we absolutely did see a pickup in pricing. We saw, as you probably heard me on the fourth quarter talk about pricing in the down 2% to 3% range, we actually saw pricing in the up 2% range following the hurricanes we saw in the fall. And I’ll talk about outlook in just a minute, but more about the first quarter. Our retention really is industry relating and retail at 92% to 93%, wholesale is probably more than 75% range, which is also very strong. But one thing we also saw, which is driven by just a better economic environment is, we had 11.8% new business production. I haven't seen that kind of new business production in probably two or three years, and that is purely driven by new exposures and opportunities in the economic market. By comparison, fourth quarter was 3.7%. So our core organic growth really jumped from what was been last year in the 1.5% range to 3% given those factors, the pricing, the new business and the retention. On the other side of that, we also have a number of operating opportunities. One is very obvious to you with the acquisition of Regions. You might recall if you pay attention to our business over a last say five or six years, we've done several strategic large-scale items; we had CRC wholesale in 2012; we acquired Crump, which frankly was Marsh’s wholesale business; and then in ’15, we acquired Swett & Crawford, which was Aon’s old wholesale business. And we really have scaled up in that channel. There is not a lot else we need to do there. We are now focused on trying to do something similar in retail. And the Regions Insurance gives us an opportunity to do that. It’s about 15% the size of our retail business. So it enables us to -- with the business in our backyard to really begin to do some of the same scale than we did in wholesale. We’ve already, as you’ve heard me say, had robotics and machine learning with some really good opportunities in some areas where we already have perfected workflow, we just need to go back now and have bots turn into some of the digital workers, if you will. And there's good opportunities there in the backroom, I would say to drive margin over the next two to three years. In terms of outlook, which I think is where you were headed with your question. We expect just a normal seasonal pickup next quarter of commissions to be up in the 7% to 8%. We expect economic expansion continue to be good, which we think is going to help drive unit growth and the new business production that we’ve already seen. And I should say the contribution is coming from both retail and wholesale. In this insurance cycle, wholesale obviously is stronger than retail. You follow that just because following large catastrophes, capital tends to lean toward the wholesale side of business. Still pretty tough to impact the full impact of the catastrophes given the access capital to markets. And we know is centered on $135 billion to $150 billion in losses but you also have offsetting that fresh capital coming into the market. So I can just tell you that we’re up a couple percent currently. What we're seeing is property rights continue to increase at a modest pace. Carriers are really trying to get casualty rates up and professional is fairly flat. You’ve seen reinsurance markets raise their rates in the low to mid single digits but we think there's a good opportunity to hold at 2% up, which is a lot different than in 2% to 3% down market for the balance of the year. Now, that could change. We’ll have new reinsurance rates coming out in the middle of the year. But we feel good about pricing, we feel good about, our retention is industry-leading, our business production is as good as it's been and we’ve got a number of operating items work on the bottom line. We really feel pretty positive of being able to drive better operating performance over the next couple years in this business.
Kelly King: Gerard, I had thought a lot about that and I think it comes down to what I call the boomer effect. So our most of the businesses in this country are either owned or run by boomers, and when 2008, 2009 came along boomers and most of which came from fairly a bigger backgrounds not all of them most they got scared because they have build up a nice comfortable and financial position they lost half of it, they got scared and so this has taken them a while to get their confidence back and be willing nicely to execute, so what you are seeing now is optimism their confidence is there but if they delivered and it's evaluating all this products and I hear the discussion is like it normally they might have taken too much evaluating now they have taken six month to evaluate this probably been very cautious.  But I think all of that is just about the play out and so through that their nature of these boomers are still they are achievers, they are growers and they are not real quick and so I think it's right around the corner in terms of turning into actual long executions and planned expansions, equipment purchases and enhanced with our growth and the economy. We will see I would say by the third quarter, you will begin to see it evidenced in loan growth for us and others, and then growth in the economy. 
Kelly King: It's mostly the nonbanks it would be the insurance companies, any capital markets executions and then big one on the multifamily size, are the GSEs.
Kelly King: I think what we are hearing say is that we are making these investments. A, we are substantially paying for these investments by expenses where we are extracting from the old business the background if you will. You are right as we head into '19 those investments will turn into revenue enhancements and so I’d say for street is thinking 58% efficiency in the '19 is reaching too hard. So, we see as we move through '19 as from the revenue those are -- I’m projecting the economies getting better so I’m assuming these are revenue growth which is obviously a part of that equation. But we have got a tight control of expenses even with these investments and where these investments turning into more revenue and the economy doing better I think what we are guiding you towards is 57 to down in terms of efficiency ratio versus up.
Kelly King: Erika, I got the same question in January. I’m not to make '19 projections at this point but honestly I think there is a piece of chance as we look through '18 and '19 that the best way to think about our expenses are kind of flattish to downish. I don’t see any major driver that could be driving expense up. I think we can make all the investments that we described by harvesting the expense opportunities on the other side. And frankly we are just really, really intense. I’m really intense about expense control. So yes, I think we can think in terms of that I don’t know, you might have projections for '19, I am not doing, its too early, but to concept I am willing to permit is that, I see forward-looking focus on expenses very constant as we head through ’19. 
Kelly King: So, I don’t think that changes what we think about because, we capital is under the 2.5 before, that affects some of the big banks to take a lot of risk and much different kind of relation. So, all the math of that there was a change of basically fundamentalist [indiscernible]. So, what you think about our capital is we got to a 10.2, call it common equity tier one, we got a firm center of floor. We really got about 1% that we’re holding in reserve for OCI when we probably will do 250, which we will at some point. So, we really have 9 versus 7.5 and so the debate is can you give back some of that 1.5 as you think about moving forward, we have a lot of discussions about that. We also are very focused on a tangible capital level however and so while I will say there is some opportunity for some additional capital deployment, I'm not ready to commit to that at this point. 
Kelly King: So, the pipeline is broad-based and frankly it continues to build every quarter. And so, the real key as to the question asked earlier, is when the pipeline turn into loan growth. That said I think that thing a different trying to member called the psychology but I think that's moving so you get the pipeline turn into loan growth. It will be very similar kind of growth composition. However, as you seen today is not going to be slanted more toward to really say, towards anything else with one possible exception that is we have executed a new national CRU strategy, frankly in the Grandbridge platform and I think you know Grandbridge is one of the industry we've been constraining it in the past, in terms of this tradition or GSE kind of strategy, we’ve now opened it up and are very experienced to national strategy which will produce relatively more high season CRU types of assets opportunities, so you may see some lift in CRU to account for different strategy but that’s the strategy versus the market mix, the general market is going to continue to give us broad based loan opportunities as we have experienced. 
Kelly King: So, Matt, this is not an exact science but, in our forecast, I would say that we are going to have more growth. If we grow call it, 2% to 3% range for rest of the year, call it, we are probably going to have a commercial and CRE be in the 4 to 6% range. And then the retail areas, including the RESI mortgage portfolios probably be in the 1% to 3% range. If you look at it that way, and we are split about 50-50 from that if that helps.
Kelly King: But in conceptually I’d say that if you think about our growth going forward about half of the lift will be from I’d say the broad-based market, the traditional execution, the regions excreta, and about half of the lift will be the improvement of the optimizing portfolios, the new products initiatives that Chris talked about. All of that road together will be about half, because we got a lot of new stuff happening, so that number is will be those exposure we thinking it more in the 2 to 3% kind of number but we’re not counting on the whole market lifting, we’re assuming the markets can be, may not delivers the markets as more an even great but we are putting all these initiatives and make sure that we cover ourselves into bit more what we hope that we get. 
Kelly King: I think its real important to manage and you know that, as our loan growth or deposits will grow, they are really a cash that they have and we really try to manage that process, so that if we start getting more growth on the lending side, we’re going to have more core deposit growth. We’re doing a great job just attracting transaction accounts. Chris mentioned that all the digital marketing efforts and the account growth initiatives that we have going on with our retail and corporate areas and we’re getting great growth in our net account growth there. So that’s going to continue. And then on the margin, we’re starting to finally grow our CD deposits and those have been growing for a long time, they actually grew this quarter on a core basis. So, as rates go up we’re able to track some growth there, that helping our asset sensitivity as positive. So, I would say I would plan, for deposits to grow in sync with the loan growth that we’re going to have. 
Kelly King: I mean average earning assets will rose as those growth, I mean that’s the function as more successful in growing loans, it’s going to drive earning assets. Investment portfolio will not be a growth opportunity for us, it might be flat to down from that perspective. We really just want to optimize the earning assets that we have on our balance sheet and our returns and really drive profitability in the company. 
Kelly King: While the system average was a significant event in terms of some client impact, I will remind you however that its fairly short duration, it happened on a Thursday afternoon and about Friday afternoon, we are basically up and running. It took a little bit longer for some of the wrinkle to work out but it was a very short event. It was a very simple but serious equipment malfunction, it was new equipment and it was just unfortunate event, of course it went over a couple of days later and examined it myself. I'm not going to get into detail because the discussions that are going it may from discussing the exact detail but I would tell you that it was a very simple thing that should called no alarm with regard to our infrastructure in terms of IT and its resiliency and its redundancy. in fact, we have are just finishing a 300 million new datacenter that has a duplicate redundant data house which is where this occurred.  So, we have already made the investment for the high level of resilience and redundancy. So, there's no additional investment required to respond to that event because the cost structure was already built into place and the event occurred because some of the investments that we made were not fully executed on where they should have been.  The learning from that is and record to all the parties that are involved in these new big investments. There will be mistakes made and the only thing you can do is to increase your focus in terms of managing the risk around that and checking and double checking. I use the analogy at the Board and maybe to help you, it's kind of buying a new car and I hate to buy a new car, I am still driving a 2001 Lexus with 140,000 miles, because I hate buying new cars but every time you buy a new car, you got to go through about three months of working out all the wrinkles. And so, it's fine when you look to the wrinkle both are hassle going through the wrinkles.  And that’s just kind of what you get a little bit up here it's a 300 million great high quality new investment that we made dramatically improves our capability for our clients our resilience our redundancy reduces our risk and it's just that simple. 
Kelly King: It’s a situation where [indiscernible] you want to stay active in the future and compete with private equity and it's just sort of at least stay that way. 
Kelly King: Yes, we have had for years sort of our CapEx really 20% this gets us to 17% and 17.5%. So, it kind of does what we need to do there is no real need for us to do anything other significant. If there was a small something that had a product there is small geography that made sense. But there is no real reason for us to do anything. We are fifth largest in the U.S. and the world as it is. I think our focus is really improve the profitability in the business as we said.
Kelly King: Yes, there is 10 states, we overlap in six. We did not have Arkansas, Louisiana, we had a little bit Indiana but the biggest is Arkansas Louisiana. They bought the largest agencies in those markets. So, we go in with substantial, kind of opportunity there. They were also in parts of Tennessee we were in Memphis and so those are meaningful to us.
Daryl Bible: So, John, I think the key drivers obviously, is we continue to outperform on deposit betas and deposit betas basically came in were only up 24% in the quarter, we expect that to be higher than that so that was a positive. Our credit spreads that we may have a commercial side, all kind of increased C&I spreads are up, CRE spreads are up, were doing a good job in the retail and so credit spreads seem to be positive, so while the volumes are not showing up yet are spreads that were put on the balance sheet is also a positive as we go forward into the year, we expect right now our forecast has two more rate increases, one in June and the other in September and then we have one in '19, so we should benefit as those occur. And as we become a little bit more asset sensitive, we believe that we will continue to have a positive core growth of the non-interest margin and make some reach outs from growth and reported on gap margin whenever in the year possibly. 
Daryl Bible: So, our margin on this past quarter from the December rate hike we would have been up 3 basis points this past quarter we didn’t have the adjustment on the tax-exempt assets because of the corporate tax rate change. So, I would say on a 25 move right now we're seeing 3 basis points expansion in margin plus or minus but it's around three. As far as terminal betas go, I think in our disclosures when you look at the segments it's slice and dice very easy to see. So, on the retail side right now our beta is about 10% that will continue to climb overtime, but that's still going to stay really, really low versus historical pieces. On the middle market commercial areas those betas during the mid-40s today they are probably going to continue to go up maybe 50 plus that’s about right. And then on the more rate sensitive that you see in our corporate and wealth areas were 65 and that's probably going to go in the 70s. So, we are too far away from terminal betas on the two later segments that we have, but it's the retailers is what's and a lot lower.
Daryl Bible: We do not disclose the terms of the transaction, we don’t view it as significant number and it feels that we are going to basically all of our guidance incorporates the revenue and expense that we gave and it's going to impact some of our buyback in the third quarter. 
