Alan Greer: Thank you, Laura and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. On today's call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the third quarter and provide some thoughts about the fourth quarter. We also have Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer to participate in the Q&A session. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T Web site. Let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of the presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I will turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Kelly. At this time, we'll begin our Q&A session, and we would ask our operator alone to come back on the line and explain how our listeners may participate.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Laura. This concludes our call for today. Hope everyone has a great day. If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact Investor Relations. Thank you.
Kelly King: Thanks Daryl. So very good Daryl it was a solid quarter take on a challenging environment, our revenues grew we had good core loans and growth, we had good core deposit growth, we have excellent expense control. We have a lot of focus on the future, focusing on our branch - rationalizing, our strategy, our digital strategy and most importantly we continue to be tightly focused on our vision mission and values. At BB&T we clearly believe our best days are ahead.
Kelly King: So Nancy, I think it's, its broadly speaking is that the, world is changing frankly a lot faster than I would have four, five years ago, is largely around, the whole digitalization, artificial intelligence, robotics, all of which are allowing us in the back room to restructure and, frankly we can robotize many, many processes that were manually handled forever. And we get that quality and more efficiency. So the back room offers, really prefers them in my career offers huge opportunities to recentralize and do the same with less expense. In the front room as you know the world has changed in terms of their expectations of convenience banking and is not just Xs and Ys in the many years although they are the most strategically focused on it, but everybody who just have very, very high quality mobile banking et cetera. So that is where we are having a spend an enormous amount of focus on being sure that we have the best offerings in terms of digitized delivery of services think mobile banking and et cetera and be able to do it in a efficient way. So in order to pay for all of the front room, we are rationalized in the back room and we rationalize in the branch structure. So it's, simple way to answer and I think about is just, you actually wrote to our commentary about some time ago, the world if really changed and so, we are thinking about every aspect of our business that we are today, than we were three years ago, two years ago.
Kelly King: Absolutely, we have for 18 months, you may have heard how we wanted first to have one of our executive officers as our Chief Digital Officer. He is full time focused on scouting the role figuring out what the best fintech offerings are, looking for opportunities to buy partner loan from we are just completely open minded about how we can integrate the advanced technique to fintech brought to the world. So, the answer is clearly yes.
Kelly King: In today's world Nancy, everything is possible. So, well we think about that is we first frankly focusing on, pardon me, we are first focusing on what I call residual business and that we have that, don't really make sense because of not that we might not be making money, but we just can't make much money. So we get as I mean those kind of strategies recall they won't be tightly focused on the ones that do make sense. In terms of regions, in terms of the market outreach, as I sit here I don't have any particular regions that I would say we are in that we don't want to be in. But, the clear thought process that I will be focusing is, de-emphasizing regions that don't offer as much opportunity and improving our profitability. Now that may ultimately lead to your point lead to actually exiting, but right now our focus is on improving profitability in those regions that don't offer substantial growth, but do offer good solid relationships today, we were focusing on providing still good, always quality, but because we have such huge brand value there, we think we can provide this solid service quality value with less expense. And then reinvesting those expenses and the market instead our higher growth markets and offer more long-term potential.
Kelly King: Betsy, I'll take a start and then Clarke can add some detail. So we are really focusing on, as you how to say optimizing these the mortgage portfolio and the prime portfolio there is no surprising those portfolios are now generating adequate returns on equity and in terms of when you think mortgage in terms of rising rates, now we are about to have auto where we wanted to be, I mean the business we're going to stay in, but this would be and not chasing volume, but chasing margins and profitability that's heading towards stabilization, mortgages heading towards stabilization just a natural run-off. So, you are right first half that being, they would be where they want to be. But really the more important thing it doesn't really come through I think in our numbers is that we have really good traction in a lot of areas. Our corporate banking strategy is growing extremely well, strong double-digit growth and has a good long runway. Because, as you know we weren't natural player in the big, the high-end market until the last few years, we have a fantastic team in that area and it is doing really well and we'll continue to do well going forward. Our growth strategy is really hitting in all cylinders in terms of fees and asset generation is doing extremely well, all of our specialized lending businesses are doing fantastic. I mean you grow in double, you grow in 20%, 24%, 25% growth rate and as seasonal somewhat, but I mean still they are doing extremely well and we are differentiating it, so I don't worry about it comparative prices much on that. The biggest challenge is in the community bank, where we are competing with everybody in the world, but what we are doing there is focusing on, the quality service delivery, but also frankly differentiation. We are in the midst of rolling out today in our community bank a very, very exciting a quality differentiating approach which is around what we call financial insights. And what that it is rather than going to decline, so I'm talking about loans and deposits, we go and talking to them about how we can help them grow their businesses, we try to get clear about what their goals and strategies are going forward. So that we can better augment their performance by support them. For example, we, I believe the only bank out there that through our BB&T leadership institute that goes into companies and talks to them about how to help their companies for better by having better leadership talent and we have, a very, very long history of providing excellent executive leadership training that we bring to our clients. And they really appreciate that, they appreciate if that we don't come in day one and ask for a loan, but the positive is we come in and talk about how can we help them grow their business, how can we help them their individuals grow and that's got really, really good attraction. The number of all those Betsy that we are focusing on is well so, I wouldn't want you or others to think that, we got a decline in loans and that's the whole story that's not the story at all. The decline in loans is simply a smart profitability strategy of restructuring our portfolios that don't make as much sense and reinvesting more time and energy in ones that do. And we think that forms in those areas are very strong.
Kelly King: Yes. Gerard, I think the mega issue here is that you know we've been on a nine year slow economy. Asset returns for all investors have declined steadily that's driven the profitability down and so everybody is scrambling for profitability which means they are scrambling for assets and is invariable happens as you know when people are scrambling for assets and there is a lot of people scrambling then you get declines in prices and you get, stretching in terms of term. So, the mega issue is we did a lot of pricing and to two level of underwriting, two longer terms not special covenants et cetera. I think that's generally occurring across the board, it was more specific and, like more to family although we would tell you that as improved two years ago, 18 months ago we've heard about that, but I think everybody is going to rationalize that down a bit more, little more rationale. And so, I don't think that there is any one particular area that we were, there is a little bit of a spike in story facilities, fee links like that, but nothing that's dramatic, and Clarke would you add anything to that.
Kelly King: I think it was too aggressive back then. Then you had a much less informed, you for around chasing bubbles. And you know we have a much more inflated level of bubbles throughout all asset classes. So this is nothing like 2005 and 2006, but totally in the real estate category. So, I personally think anything impressive we would make about lending today should not suggest, we think its way out of control and its leading to recession and all of that not at all.
Kelly King: Yes. So conceptually, we're going through cannibal process and the, the first phase of the process is looking at kind of what we call the life free that's where you have, in the market you may have 15 and 20 branches on this one particular street you have three branches all that are within 5 or 6 miles each other. So you close the one in the middle, you move the associates to the, of the two and it doesn't really change and your expenses go down. So that's what we've been doing kind of this year, as we head into 2018 and 2019 then what we have to do is think in terms of eliminating the branches but being assured that we are investing properly in the other areas, other forms of distribution so for example you might see us there closing branches but adding free standing ATMs or you might see us closing branches but adding ATMs and drug stores or Wal-Marts or places like that, because while most of the declines still go to the branches for more complex products, I'll now for a lot I feel just making a deposit in cash and checks, as we go through 2018, 2019 it will be a little more complex, but still a plenty of opportunity it just may require a bit more add back not terribly expensive add back in terms of the way to meet the convenience needs of the client. In terms of the efficiency ratio all of those to get will improve our efficiency ratio, because we're simply able to reduce expenses and have relatively small negative impact in terms of income. So, everyone that we closed improves our efficiency.
Kelly King: So Erika, that's a very good question, I have addressed that in a couple of conferences. So it does make a material change and here is how. So historically, when we acquired an institution you could very reasonably mathematically project the future cash flows from the projected operations of a branch discount those cash flow and back them figure out what paid for and it makes sense, because the projected cash flow is relatively constant and in many cases it's growing. Now as we look at a bank acquisition, we have to be thoughtful about the future cash flows of those branches going down, because in the last two or three years especially the level of branch activity has been going down for us and everybody else though we have been 6 and in some cases higher percentage of lower activity three year. And so what that means is if you are looking, an out of market acquisition where you're going to keep the branches it doesn't mean it's not valuable, but it means is meaningfully less valuable, because when you look forward the predictability the cash flow is less and you are sure will be a decline in cash flow. And so you have factor that in, so you would be discounting back a lower projected cash flow with more volatility and so necessarily you pay less of that. For all of that means and as it's said the value of out of market acquisition for somebody like us doesn't make any sense. There is a price you do it, it may have a price that [fell when they expect] [ph]. End market hasn't changed the reason for that is because you got the same factors with regard to the changes in the future projected cash flows of those branches. But, in an end market where you have dramatic overlap you do, what I call effectively monetizing the value of that branch by closing it immediately and drawing those lines over to other branches and to other forms of digital interaction and so you cut the expenses, you don't have the revenue which can do that out of market you got the branches you just got off your relationship with the client. End market you got the expenses just like -- it's just exactly what we are doing in terms of rightsizing our branch size, it's the same concept when you are doing end market merger. And so we would continue to have a strong appetite for end market M&A. We have it release our own internal pause, you have to be putting in place back 2.5 year, but I would tell you we are very, very close to releasing that -- we basically have moved through the period we were concerned about in terms of the major projects and somebody in Pennsylvania and so forth. So, we are pretty close to either left release a pause. In terms of M&A, there is the issue with the BSA, issue, we are in the bottom half of the [8, so the top half of the 9] [ph], top half of the [9] [ph], on average we feel very good about where we are, we expect, and we have done all that we need to do in terms of changing and assessing the processes. We are just working with our regulator in terms of their evaluation of that. And while, I cannot promise anything, I'm optimistic that in the not too distant future, we will be removed from that order and have capability of just paying back in the M&A again. I want to be very clear, however, that is now signal BB&T is getting ready to go out on some big rampage of M&A. As the M&A strategies I just described is very different than what it was few years ago. We are very conservative. There will be some partners who would be interested in doing business with, where it's good for everybody that we are most focused on our shareholders and we are simply not going to do to lose a deal.
Kelly King: We are very interested in insurance acquisitions today we are not prohibitive regarding insurance acquisitions and we are open for business as you will. And very interested into an insurance acquisition today. We like to think of our insurance business and Chris can give you more color if you want. We would like to ideally keep it at about [2010] [ph] revenues, we are about 17% that's why we have room to expand there. And there are good opportunities out therefore. We would consider other non-bank acquisitions, but to be honest other than insurance, I don't really see that happening. People talk about asset acquisition businesses. Most of the times now we don't work in those and so we are -- I would say we are currently tightly focused on insurance. The single -- any small things and by the payment business we look at but they are not meaningful in terms of moving the numbers. And then, we reopen the bank acquisition opportunities I just described to Erika.
Kelly King: So, Kevin, I -- first of all, the value of the $250 billion is very much in slice, there are a number of conceptually proposals and converse the ensuing bill et cetera, it's not at all clear, what's going to happen with regard to the value is at $250 million. What's most likely getting ready to happen is, I'm going to eliminate the hard ones when the fed is reshuffle in terms with their board of governors. I think they are going to eliminate the hard full 50, 250 and unless they can go away and banks that will be gauged based on the weighted average assessment of their risk. And so, if that happens, it's actually for us given that our weighted average category of risk, but relative to some of the biggest banks, we could be $400 billion, $500 billion and still not be just be a Sify or require a huge amounts of excessive regulation. So, we will see how that plays out. But, independent of that, as we look at the next deal, it's already, this is close to $250 billion, if that's still the existing rule, we will be mindful of exactly how we do that deal. But, look here is the thing Kevin, for us sit back here now and say that we are not going to go over $250 billion because there are some things that we have to deal with -- would be redeeming ourselves a long player. In this business, you are growing or you are dying and we are a growth company and robust right $250 billion, when the appropriate time comes we will be real happy about it.
Daryl Bible: Yes Matt, this is Daryl. We are still putting together our 2018 plan. I think the best way I can tell you right now is what Kelly said is that we are continuing to look forward our efficiencies and kind of redistribution of our cost structure and you will continue to see the salary line item and more severance payments which will drive our personnel cost down for the next couple of quarters. We're going to use that into 2018, we are going to give guidance on 2018 yet, but no that we have pretty much wind in our sales right now from an expense basis because its headed down right now and well we're going to make investments in our company, we still have a pretty good trajectory down.
Daryl Bible: Yes, I think we made a decision John to grow our investment securities portfolio, over the next quarter or two consistent with what we think we're going to see loan growth over the next year or two. So our securities portfolio is going to ramp up a little bit kind of close to what it was a year or so ago. So, consistent with maybe three plus percent that's basically given us a negative asset mix change, but gives us positive net interest income, a contribution from that perspective. And then from a deposit beta perspective if you look at the last four rate increases, our deposit beta has been about 14% today on interest bearing deposits. We continue to respond and, be a aggressive on the commercial side as we need to and I think retail side is still pretty tame though we are starting to have a couple competition more for wealth clients and all that. So we're trying to be responsive, but I think over the next couple of rate increases you are going to see that 14% start to drift up probably back to normal levels you had, but closer to higher levels than where they are today.
Daryl Bible: Yes, I don't think we're smart enough to know exactly which way rates are going to go, but alone that the shape of the curve and you have adverse as long and all that, I think we just want to keep our portfolio approximately 20 plus percent of our balance sheet, from a liquidity perspective. We're really gearing up to have pretty solid loan growth into 2018 and we just want to make sure we have liquidity, so we want to make sure that we're funded with our core clients, we have been liquidity with our securities portfolio as our important loan portfolio starts to take-off.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Gerard, it was basically just lower funding play, we had some deposit that was close to LIBOR flat that was indexed to market rates, and we just made a decision to basically fund them for federal more bank advances which was sub-LIBOR probably by 10 or 15 basis points. So it's just an economic decision, when you are being paid LIBOR flat that's really not a, I would call core client, they are very, very sensitive from that perspective. So we didn't lose any core clients, it was just a economic decision.
Daryl Bible: The only thing I would add to that John is, you have to look -- so, we are optimizing mortgage and auto. When you look at the spreads like for example auto is big chunk of the book was put on as spread that was a little over 100 basis points or at 120 basis points. We now optimize that the spreads are not close to 200 basis points. So as those old ones renewal and roll over that's going to give us some left. As Clarke said, there is competition in specific C&I credit, whatever, but if you point it all together, I think our credit spreads are still hanging in there pretty well because of our optimization efforts that we have there. And rate sensitivity wise, we are about -- very still up or the short end is about 2/3rds going in, it is our net interest income come up at the -- curve actually even and then shifts, we will also benefit from that. So, it really just depends what the rate outlook is.
Daryl Bible: It really depends on what happens to the rose Kevin. I would say that we are hopeful that the advanced approach kind of fans away when Governor Tarullo was in office. He was not a fan of the advanced approach. We believe that will continue on, but we really need to see and hear that from the new board of governors. That would be one big expense you can take off the table. As far as the capital, the OCI market that's just something that we would manage and I think we were very comfortable managing that with our held to maturity portfolio. OCR and got talked about that in the past, I think with the combination of our core deposits and our current liquidity coupled with usage of letters of credit from the home loan bank, we can minimize that cost, so until we significantly. So, there are couple of other things, but as Kelly said, we will grow over $250 billion. We will -- you pay us to manage our business and do it effectively and we will minimize the cost as much as possible. We don't see anything prohibitive there.
Clarke Starnes: Yes. John, this is Clarke. Primary seasonality impact in the fourth is always going to be in our retail portfolios, but more specifically its Regional Acceptance or some problem or wind or so while we are not expecting any increase in deterioration it would be the normal year-over-year seasonality that's the biggest impact, but also just to remind you, well we had extremely low third quarter number in our commercial losses and we're just forecasting maybe a little more normal losses, hopefully we'll do better, but those are the two primary factors.
Clarke Starnes: I would just add to what Kelly said, on the corporate side to our generally probably the most rationale, but what we see its time to continue to get a mandatory, to deliver the mandates for the syndication or loosening covenants, reducing the number of covenants, dispose federal structural weaknesses that we know in the long-term, you got to be careful on, I think we see the most hyper competition in the small regional community bank winning space which is again a lot of structural consideration give ups and little pricing for that's probably the most hyper compared to and your third point, I think you'll had to always look at is not all growth is per saying, so I think everyone in the slow environment is trying to find a little niche or something to get it growth that they are not highly experienced into kind of the herbs chasing some of these new forms of lending to have it being tested yet and that's underneath the lot of these numbers. So, we're just trying to be mindful of all those issues.
Clarke Starnes: The other thing I would add with that Erika is as we are closing branches what we have found is our retention rates are really, really high in the high 90s. So, we are maintaining the almost 100% of clients in revenue and deposits that from the closed branches. So, I think there has been really little impact on revenue or core deposits.
