Alan Greer: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the third quarter and provide some thoughts about next quarter. We also have other members of our executive management team who are with us to participate in Q&A session; Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Ricky Brown, the President of Community Banking; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments. A copy of this presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. I refer to you to the forward-looking statement warnings in our presentation and our SEC filings. Our presentation include certain non-GAAP disclosures, please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I will turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Kelly. At this time, we'll enter at the Q&A session. Tiffany I would invite you to come back on the line and explain how participants on the call can participate in the Q&A session.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Tiffany, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This concludes our earnings call. Have a good day.
Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So as you can see, overall we had a strong quarter, solid loan and deposit growth. Our fee strategy has been really working. Approximately flat expenses with nice improvement opportunity in the forward, based on strategies that I pointed out, that are already in effect. So we did produce operating leverage and several key strategic initiatives that will yield really good long-term benefits. It's a tough environment from a long-term perspective. All of our key strategies are working well, so we feel really positive about our business as it is moving forward, and we remain very bullish on the BB&T performance from a long-term perspective. Let me turn it to Alan now for questions.
Kelly King: So John, as I've mentioned at the Investor Day, we try to be very transparent in January, because obviously our expenses had shot up in '13, and so we said then, which we said repeatedly that we thought that the expenses ratio this year would end in the fourth quarter in the 56% range. Three weeks or so ago at Investor Day, to give a little more transparency, I said, remember you have numerator denominator. We have more control over the numerate than the denominator, and so whether it's high 56% or low 57%, I think it's just not that precise. That went backing up on the context, because in the context I said, 56% range, but anyway, it is challenging to get expenses down today. I'll be very honest. I mean it's a really different environment, because we happen to invest a lot in technology and regulatory systems and process changes. On the other hand, we've been really aggressive this whole year and it hadn't shown up yet, but we've been really aggressive this whole year in terms of making any kind of changes. Daryl said, in the third quarter, FTEs is up 800, and that was just kind of executed towards the end of the third quarter, which takes it into fourth. And so that's a big part of why we feel confident, and are still saying, we'll be down maybe not 56%, and probably 57% as the way it looks at this point. But again, if revenue were to kick up, we still -- you just don't know, it's just not that precise. We just want to dislodge ourselves a little bit from being so exaggerated. We tried to say range in the beginning to make that clear, but I understand the context of your question. The third quarter, if you take out the extinguishment, it was $35 million over the $1.4 billion. We have pretty big business today. We have got $5.5 billion all in the expense range, $35 million is not that much. But we feel confident we'll be under the $1.4 billion for the fourth as we go into the '15. All the strategy that we've put in place will be continued. They are not something that we did just for one quarter. That would be continuous. Now, there will be other factors that may impact expenses for '15, for example, it's rates really drop, you've got some impact on pension expense and so forth. So it's too early to know exactly what's dropping the expenses. But those are factors that are not, in short-term, controllable by management. What we can control or reconceptualize by restructuring our businesses, so that they run more efficiently even in this very tight environment we're in today. All of the things we said in the beginning of the year have been done. They are now in execution and it's just about time for the run rate flow through the fourth quarter. So I understand there is a lot of questions about that, but we were confident of what we said in the beginning of the year is exactly what we would executed on, and we'll continue that, Daryl as just said, as we head through '15.
Kelly King: Well, I think it's fair to say that if everything were constant, then I'd say it's 57% for '15. But as you know John, this is -- I mean during the last two days we had some more volatility, we've had two years, and prior to that it has been really volatile. So for me to sit here and say a number with regard efficiency at this point would be really, maybe not being forthright, because again, the revenue side, I can't control. I mean, if rates were really low, we'll get NIM pressure, but we'll get fee income increase in terms of mortgages. I don't expect any material changes in terms of a basic run rate expenses that we control, because we can control FTEs and we can control an awful lot of our expense structure. So given what I know today, I would say, I am pretty comfortable for the year with kind of a range of 57%, but there will be volatility within the course of that, given what happens on any one quarter with regard to our revenues. And then as I said, we have -- we do have one unusual fairly large item for us, and that's pension. And the way, you probably know that works is based on discount rate at the very end of the year. If 10 years goes back up, then those expenses will be very low for us and if they go really low then they will be spike enough. To be honest, I don't worry much about that, as I do how many people do you have, and how many branches do you have, and fundamental day-to-day operating expenses that you can manage is more of a non-manageable expense. But I will tell you that I feel very confident in terms of maintaining the efficient structure that we have today and even beginning to see smaller than this year, but incrementally improvements even as we go forward. But the big kick for us and everybody else in this business is getting revenue lift. So if we can keep expenses next year in the 57% range, with a kind of modest growth we're expecting, that would be a wonderful thing. If the economy gets a lot better, everything gets better.
Kelly King: And that could be offset somewhat, because one of the other factors in this is when rate truly dropped and the field expectations are down for the next year, we're able to put additional funding into our pension program and we always keep it fully funded, as much as IRS allows, and that could offset that a bit.
Kelly King: It's just a real time. Daryl sent me out some numbers couple of days ago, two days our productions almost doubled.
Kelly King: Yes, right. So it's incredibly hard to predict right now. And I think, we'll would tell you that it's a long time between Monday and Thursday.
Kelly King: Well, I think you've got kind of couple of things. You've got just a continuing and building revenue lift coming from the community bank, it just keeps getting better day by day, because overall the markets are getting better. And frankly a lot of strategies that Ricky put in place are just getting better. It's kind of independent of a unique strategy, that's kind of a general strategy. Our insurance business continues to get better everyday. The investment in Crump and all of those businesses are just really, really clicking, they get better everyday. The new markets that we're in is really is kind of an exponential thing. When you go into the market like Texas, it takes you while to get your feet on the ground, and then you're building on, again improving on what you have, then you layer in a couple of new investments like the two city tranches. That gets better. We'll have the opportunity in the Greater Cincinnati market. So there are number of topline initiatives that will positively impact that ratio as well. So I think the final one I would point out is that our wealth strategy is really, really working. I mean, it's probably still got another two or three years of legs, because we were kind of behind to be honest. And Chris have done a great job of working with our wealth team and if they integrate with the community bank, I mean it is just gaining momentum certainly everyday. So I'd isolate all those particular ones, but there are some others, but those would be the main ones.
Kelly King: I would say lower for longer leads to longing for improvement and that causes people to really rethink everything to be honest. I think it's an insightful question, Erika. Yes, I think that everybody is already feeling the pressure. I mean if you read commentary from community and midsize bank, they will tell you that they are fighting everyday and we're all fighting, but they're really struggling, because an awful lot of the regulatory and technological costs pushed straight down to them just like they do us. And they are saying they have really competitive conditions out there in terms of lending. So I think every time you add one more weight on the challenges and lower longer is another weight, it causes people to think more seriously about strategic opportunities. And I would expect it to stay a little longer, that would create -- if not an outright discernible inflection point, it will certainly create higher propensity of M&A activity.
Kelly King: Yes. So I'll tell you what I think with regard to what the regulators think, but obviously, no one knows for sure. But I believe the regulators are becoming pretty realistic with regard to this. I think they recognize that the industry needs to consolidate. I think they recognize that there is a lot of skill issues around, a lot of investment companies are having to make to meet the regulatory standards in terms of risk improvement, practices, liquidity improvement, capital stronger, etc. And so yes, I think the regulators are beginning to warm up to the idea of the need for consolidation. I think the key thing is they are not backing down in terms of their absolute expectations with regard to, almost a zero-tolerance with regard to risk management and compliance initiatives. And so if the acquirer has invested the right time and money and has the right attitude with regard to investing in those processes and procedures, then I think the regulators will probably look pretty favorably on that acquisition. If they've not, then I think they'll go, will kill it, dead in its tracks.
Kelly King: Well, I think our strategy for Texas going forward will be multifaceted, because we primarily focused on organic growth. We have really good base now of 120 branches and we can grow really fast off of that base organically. As we have been, we will continue to look for partners in Texas. There are a number of institutions there that would make good partners for us we believe. But the Texas Bank has done a really good job, and it's a really good market, and their price to earnings is really high. And today, I would not be willing to pay that kind of price that would be required to buy those institutions. So I think looking at us in terms of any whole bank acquisitions in Texas, odds of that is pretty low, unless things change materially, which I do not expect. So we'll look for opportunities like this city. There could be some more of those in Texas. We would be very aggressive in that. But we'll focus at this point primarily organically in Texas. Now, keep in mind, we are not unilaterally focused on Texas. We have other expansion opportunities. We overtime, we will continue to look for opportunities through M&A to expand in Florida, and maybe in other core existing markets. We certainly over time had indicted that we will continue to look at expansions that are natural extensions of our existing footprint. So you can see that out into the Midwest, maybe push it a little North. We're up there in the Baltimore area, and so some areas up around there are kind of beginning to make some sense. So like we have always done, it's kind of a strategic creep. You're unlikely to see us do something really big and whopping, way out away from where we are. You're more likely to see us do what we've done, which is natural creeping. And you can say, we wouldn't have creeped in Texas, that was a pretty big leap, it was, but it came -- it was intuitive because of the way it came along with the Colonial acquisition. And then once we had that beachhead, just decided to take advantage of it. So the natural extension program is growing incrementally in contiguous markets.
Kelly King: Well, Gerard, as you know, we've been cautious in terms of trying to establish absolute, because this is still a moving target. Although, I am very pleased that we're beginning to get some specificity, we still don't have the topline corporate unsecured debt requirement, that's not out there. We don't think it's been an issue for us, because we think we're already where everybody is glad to be, and we don't expect any substantial capital charge for us, because of the [ph] G50 charges. So if you assume that the Tier 1 common is around 7%, I would say generally we are comfortable in the 8.5% kind of range, but we would keep a cushion above that for various reasons. Today the cushion is because of waiting for things to settle on down a bit more. The global economic environment is pretty volatile, but there is opportunity there. Now, do we use that opportunity in terms of stronger organic growth, maybe so, but not highly likely to be honest, and we will have good growth, but then stocks will be enough to absorb capital. Well, we think in terms of dividend increase here, but not enough to really absorb the capital, so that gets you to M&A and buybacks. And so I would project or what I prefer would be able to absorb some of that through M&A activity. So if we can, for example, like you saw us do in Bank of Kentucky, if we can do 80-20, 70-30 kind of acquisition, where we can absorb capital that way and be a strategic attractive opportunity, it's just a win-win. Will we consider buybacks, yes. Now, I try to remind everybody that you got to remember, when you talk about buybacks, you got to look at absolute price and the internal rate of return on the investment. So we're not going to go out and buyback just to reduce capital, we'd rather hold on little excess capital and buy it on a dip. But, yes, I think there is some opportunity there. I'm hesitant to nail it down exactly whether it's 8.5% or 9.25%, it will not be that exact about it, because we're going to be flexible and always have opportunity to respond in current conditions. But I think in here, Gerard, and your basic question is, is there a meaningful opportunity for us to increase distributions to our shareholders through some combination, practically M&A and buybacks, and the answer would be, yes.
Kelly King: So you're right, it is very strong. It's driven primarily by two general factors. One is, the community bank is doing a really good job in terms of growing non-interest deposits in its structure. Remember that the community bank, independent of the recent acquisition, has a lot of new markets, Florida, Atlanta; all of these are still relatively new for us, since every time we're growing in new commercial accounts, we are increasing DDA. And so we've got that, we've got the Texas situation, we described the Kentucky situation. So the community bank is going to be continuing to have accelerated non-interest bearing deposit growth because of the older, if you will, new markets, and then Texas and Kentucky. The other factor that is driving that is a very, very well executed national corporate banking capital market strategy. That strategy we put in place about four or five years ago. It is just being executed to precision. We've got to a guy named Rufus Yates is on our executive team. He is very experienced in that area, and he's doing a fantastic job, as are all of the members of that team. And so every time we go into Chicago or Cleveland or San Francisco or New York with our capital market structure, and this is people on ground now. You know, we're putting people on the ground, pursuing those corporate relationships, because as Clark continues to say, we are not going to just go out and buy participation, we're not going to out and initiate relationships out of market, where we don't have people on the ground. So I now define the corporate banking strategy market as a national market. But when we are out there picking up those relationships, that's adding on a very, very low base. And so the combination of the community bank excellent execution and the corporate bank excellent execution has given us really good non-interest bearing deposits growth. And I think that will continue for quite a long.
Kelly King: Yes, absolutely. Because one of the things, Paul, that happens in these is, it's not always, but almost always a credit requirement that go along with these and relatively thinly priced. But we are very diligent about our total return expectations. And we're fortunate that we have really, really good product offerings. We have, of course, all the treasury and all that that everybody else has, but we're unique in having really good insurance offerings. And so we do a really good job in terms of over a two to three-year period of time getting pretty good penetration of those large corporate clients. We often time start out with credit and insurance, and in a lot of cases we found we already have credit, and now I mean we already have insurance through our large national insurance deliverer, and we add credit and other things to it. So it's not easy, I'll say that, but we've been very successful at it.
Kelly King: I'll answer that one for you. We are investing and we'll continue to incrementally increase our investment into overall cyber-security, information security space. I have been very active on a national level in terms of chairing the BITS, the Financial Services Roundtable, and have been really concerned and outspoken frankly about the need for all of us to invest more. So BB&T has been focused on this really for the last two or three years at a very intense level. But even so, just in the last six to eight months, Chris Henson and I did a deep dive in terms of our security procedures, and what we felt really good about what we were, we decided to enhance at a substantially increased level. So why we won't be doubling, for example, in a year or something like that, it will be one of the few expense categories that's given a pretty green light in terms of making investments necessary, because we are not going to take this risk. There is risk in that, I don't care what you do, but if there are known risk that we find that we can mitigate, we're going to do it.
Daryl Bible: So on the Federal Home Loan Bank unwind that we did, that was done at the very end of the third quarter, basically had almost no impact in the third quarter results. If you look out into the fourth quarter, if you look at our long-term debt line item, that's probably a 13 basis point decline in our cost there. And overall, our interest bearing liabilities, line item should probably be down average about 2 basis points, because of that unwind. As you look about the flattening of the curve that's occurred in the last couple of days, the long-end of the curve has come down easily 50 basis points since the beginning of the quarter, if you look at the tenure, maybe a little bit more than that now. If you look at our balance sheet, our balance sheet is pretty well balanced. From an asset liability perspective, we're slightly asset-sensitive, but we have about half of our assets that are fixed and about half are floating rate. So with a flatter curve, that does put a little bit pressure on net interest income. I would say that net interest income would come down maybe in the 1% to 2% range, if this persists next year, which would be between $50 million and $100 million. But then you also have the benefit that Kelly talked about in the beginning, I mean, these lower rates in just two days we've seen refi activity really spiked back up. So we could have back to what we had three or four years ago going through the recession, where you had really strong mortgage activity. So I believe that we could have potentially offset, maybe even benefit with higher mortgage revenues. Diversification is good. Our revenue for net interest income is only 55% fees or 45%, so pretty good balance, which is really why you want to be diversified and balanced overall.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think you'll see that the benefits bleed out overtime. I mean that basically, we've got a nice windfall with the treatment of public deposits and operating deposits, account classifications. I think the strategy is we basically need to have less, the higher quality investment securities, HQ1 securities on, so we can maybe buy some more Fannie and Freddie versus Ginnie and Treasuries, so that should give us some slightly higher yield benefits overtime. I wouldn't say we would restructure the balance sheet, I think we just do it as the cash flows come in. If you look at what we've been investing in investments over the last several years, we've been very diversified our investments. We've been buying short floaters, we've been buying intermediate cash flows and some longer cash flows, because we really don't know which way rates are going to go, it's a more diversifying strategy and I'm glad that we stayed with this strategy, if this longer curve persist rather than trying to keep everything short. I think we're very low balanced.
Daryl Bible: I would say our pension cost this year were basically pretty much zero expense, maybe a slight credit due to what happened with rates a year ago. If rates were to stay where they are today, so that would be down basically about a 100 basis points from last year, you could probably see about $100 million increase in pension expense next year.
Daryl Bible: You know, what I would say, Matt, is that fourth quarter numbers will start to come down, the negative loss share amount. As you get into '15, I would have it continuing come down every quarter thereafter. It won't be zero by the end of '15, but it will probably be half of what it is today, so that drag really starts to fade away as the pace of that falls off.
Daryl: Yes. I mean, the gain on sale was really driven by the retail activity, plus we had a little bit of increase in our correspondence spreads. So I would say gain on sale spreads prior to the last couple of days we would have expected to be pretty much consistent in the fourth quarter, but the last few days we've had spike up in activity. We have a lot more refi activity. If that really comes through, rather than having softer volume seasonally in the fourth quarter, then you could actually have that as an offset, which could be a windfall for us and the industry on mortgage revenues. It's too early to call, but we definitely saw spikes up in refi volume in the last two days. So I would say mortgage revenue is a wild card right now. Maybe down a little bit, but could be actually better than what we saw in this quarter depending on what happens to refis.
Daryl: Now, that's a good question, Ken. I would tell you from the city Texas branches, what we did with the first acquisition and what we're going to do with this second acquisition is you really won't see hardly any balance sheet growth. We're just going to replace some non-client national market funding with these core deposits. So it basically just improves our overall client funding and improves our liquidity and everything, so all that comes in, and we still get a benefit, because city deposits were actually cheaper than our deposits, so we'll have a benefit there. And as Ricky gets that done then you get more revenue over time from those new markets that we're in. With the Bank of Kentucky, that is basically is going to come in; I would say, our balance sheet won't grow with that, probably little less than $2 billion, $1.5 billion to $2 billion, because that's a full bank with deposits and loans and we have a good loan portfolio, that's going to come in to the market. So the market value on the loan portfolio won't be significant enough. So it's pretty much going to come in, as you see it up for the most part. So I would say about $2 billion higher after we close both of those transactions.
Daryl: Yes. I would say, our portfolio is just a tad over $40 billion. That should probably stay pretty much consistent right now through 2015. We have very strong liquidity ratios, and I think we're fine from that perspective. So I think we'll continue to invest in the very diversified portfolio, some short intermediate and some longer, very good diversification, but I think the size stays pretty much the same.
Daryl: I mean, the earning assets were basically just be a function of what comes in with Bank of Kentucky, so that's $1.6 billion.
Daryl: Yes. So let's say, if we grow loans, call it, 4% next year, our earning assets will be a little less than that, because securities are flat.
Bible: Yes. I mean, the gain on sale was really driven by the retail activity, plus we had a little bit of increase in our correspondence spreads. So I would say gain on sale spreads prior to the last couple of days we would have expected to be pretty much consistent in the fourth quarter, but the last few days we've had spike up in activity. We have a lot more refi activity. If that really comes through, rather than having softer volume seasonally in the fourth quarter, then you could actually have that as an offset, which could be a windfall for us and the industry on mortgage revenues. It's too early to call, but we definitely saw spikes up in refi volume in the last two days. So I would say mortgage revenue is a wild card right now. Maybe down a little bit, but could be actually better than what we saw in this quarter depending on what happens to refis.
Bible: Now, that's a good question, Ken. I would tell you from the city Texas branches, what we did with the first acquisition and what we're going to do with this second acquisition is you really won't see hardly any balance sheet growth. We're just going to replace some non-client national market funding with these core deposits. So it basically just improves our overall client funding and improves our liquidity and everything, so all that comes in, and we still get a benefit, because city deposits were actually cheaper than our deposits, so we'll have a benefit there. And as Ricky gets that done then you get more revenue over time from those new markets that we're in. With the Bank of Kentucky, that is basically is going to come in; I would say, our balance sheet won't grow with that, probably little less than $2 billion, $1.5 billion to $2 billion, because that's a full bank with deposits and loans and we have a good loan portfolio, that's going to come in to the market. So the market value on the loan portfolio won't be significant enough. So it's pretty much going to come in, as you see it up for the most part. So I would say about $2 billion higher after we close both of those transactions.
Bible: Yes. I would say, our portfolio is just a tad over $40 billion. That should probably stay pretty much consistent right now through 2015. We have very strong liquidity ratios, and I think we're fine from that perspective. So I think we'll continue to invest in the very diversified portfolio, some short intermediate and some longer, very good diversification, but I think the size stays pretty much the same.
Bible: I mean, the earning assets were basically just be a function of what comes in with Bank of Kentucky, so that's $1.6 billion.
Bible: Yes. So let's say, if we grow loans, call it, 4% next year, our earning assets will be a little less than that, because securities are flat.
