Alan Greer: Thank you, Levy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the second quarter of 2016, and give you some thoughts about next quarter. We also have other members of our Executive Management Team who are with us to participate in the Q&A session, Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to page two in the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Okay, thank you, Kelly. At this time, we'll begin our Q&A session. Levy, if you would come back on the line and explain how our listeners may participate by asking a question.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Levy, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call. If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact Investor Relations. Thank you, and I hope you have a good day.
Kelly S. King: Thanks, Daryl. So in summary, it was a solid quarter from an organic and a strategic perspective. We're pleased with earnings up 19%, record revenue of 18%, loan growth was very good, given the challenging environment, deposits were excellent. National Penn has been converted in a very, very excellent manner. We're executing on the cost saves from that and continuing with Susquehanna. M&A, as we said, is off the track, off the table, so we are focusing on our expense management. We're very pleased with our shareholder friendly capital plan, with the 7% increase in dividends and proposed buybacks. And so, in this type of environment, we think the most important think to focus on is to execute with precision, generating all the revenues that we can generate out of our businesses. Having made a number of investments over the past several years, we have a lot of opportunities in our various businesses, so a lot of opportunity there. Huge opportunity to continue to focus on rationalizing our cost structure, which is our primary focus at this time. So, let me turn that over to Alan now for Q&A.
Kelly S. King: Matt, it was about what we had planned. Early on we said, the second quarter, but then as we went along, we realized we'd get it done at the very first part. And so, yeah, relative to in the very beginning when we announced it, it was earlier and that did accelerate some of the cost saves. That's really good for us, but that's what drove that.
Kelly S. King: So generally, Matt, what's happening is exactly what we had projected. If you go back to two or so years ago, again just speaking into core area, we started a pretty major rebuild of our backroom with three major projects, our new general ledger system, which is now completed, our new commercial loan system, which is about 75% completed, and our new state-of-the-art data center, which is complete and getting ready to open. So there have been substantial upfront expenses and time commitment with regard to all of those. We're now heading into the period of time over the next year or so as that will crest, and then we'll begin to get the benefits on a relative basis. Two kinds of benefits, one will be, you will see relatively less expenses forward versus what we just invested in the previous periods, and then we'll begin to, and this will take two years, three years, but we'll begin to get the efficiencies out of these new investments, which will be meaningful over a long-term point of view. So the core fundamental operating expenses of BB&T are poised to improve as we go forward. We're not making any grand big promises for the third quarter and that kind of thing. It was not the way we operate. But in terms of our focus today with the major projects underway and substantially complete, and with our intense focus on continued reconceptualization, we feel good about expense management going forward.
Kelly S. King: Well, Gerard, as you know, I think that's a grand question for all of us in the industry today. Pre-crisis we and the other good banks were operating at about 15%. You got to start from kind of the top. Way I think about it is about 2% kind of right off the top because of higher capital. And then, you've got about 1% to 1.5%, which is just the economy, margins, et cetera, and then the difference really is in increased regulatory costs and some technological cost. So from the capital point of view, we're going to continue to try to manage our capital efficiently, but it's going to stay high compared to past period. So that 2% at least for the short run is kind of non-retrievable, but that gets us to, say, 13%. So the 1% to 1.5% in terms of economy, obviously, can come back, and come back quickly, depending on the growth rates in the economy and the margins. We're not counting on that, but I personally think the flat rate scenario that everybody projecting is overstated. The underlying strength of our economy is not great, but it's good. Fed, I believe, clearly knows they need to raise rates, and I think they will the minute they see a window, which could still easily happen at least one rate increase towards the fall. And then the whole thing about regulatory and technological cost is about becoming efficient; scale is part of that, and then they just need to settle in that we have put into place. And then finally, Gerard, I would say, this is a brave new world. You can't run a bank today the way you did 5 years, 10 years, 15 years ago. Everything has to be re-conceptualized. We have a very intense focus right now on looking at our businesses, and here's kind of how I've asked our people to approach it. I'm saying go back 20 years ago when things were pretty good, and take a look at what our structure was then and examine anything today that we're doing that we weren't doing 20 years ago. If it's something that we are doing that we're absolutely required to do by regulation, then obviously we have no choice. If it's something that has evolved, or creeped into the structure, which can happen when times are fairly good, then it is suspect. And so we're going to examine every one of those in terms of the economic productivity. And I suspect that we will find material changes. So we will be restructuring the business. We already have a number of things underway. I'm not quite ready to announce it this morning. But we have a number of things that we're working on, not going to be any big grand announcements, not going to be any big grand announced cost saving plans; that's not our style. But you can count on the fact that we are laser focused on running our business as efficiently and getting those returns up. I frankly think in the bottom line, Gerard, that it's a material change, and that over the next couple of years, I certainly think we'll be in the 10% range over the next couple of years, and covering cost of capital. I don't have any concerns about that. From 10% to 12% or 13% is more difficult, as I've described, and somewhat circumstantial based on what's going on in the world, but we will be in the top tier of the performing banks based on the then existing circumstances.
Kelly S. King: Steve, I've mentioned this before on these calls. I know everybody likes to be hyper-focused on the efficiency ratio, and we're willing to talk about it. But remember that it is a ratio, and so we have a lot of visibility in terms of the numerator, but we don't have as much visibility in terms of the denominator, that is revenues. Obviously if we did nothing today with our expenses, and the economy got better and margins got better, our efficiency ratio would go down. I mean, you wouldn't give us any credit for that, but that's what would happen. Conversely, if you have a period where revenues go down, maybe if you're doing a great job on expenses, then your efficiency ratio goes up, you will blame us for that. So I think that efficiency ratio is taken out of context. Having said that, we think we are generally on a downward trajectory with regard to the efficiency ratio. We're just not going to be able to give you exactly what this could be quarter-by-quarter. We think for the rest of this year and into next year, it will be down. Our intermediate term, I'll call that two years to three years to get into the 56%, 57% range, assuming reasonableness with regard to revenues, which I think will happen. And that will be very good. That will be a top performing level of efficiency. We're not trying to drive expenses so low that we put revenues at risk. And so, I'm very, very confident about our ability to execute on a very efficient organization, and I think that will show up as a very slow, but methodical decline in the efficiency ratio.
Kelly S. King: Well, Jennifer, we've not projected an exact timeframe, and the reason is because there is no exact timeframe. The fact is we're going to stay focused on expense management and improving our profitability and hopefully resulting in improvement in our relative stock price, until it's done. And people push me in a corner, I'll say it's longer than 90 days and less than five years, and that's about as close as I can give you. And I'm not going to try to do any less than that. I just won't. Our shareholders understand we are not going to do M&A, until we feel good about executing on what we already have invested in. Recall we bought $35 billion worth of assets over the last year and a half, and we got plenty of work to do to right size that, and get the returns for our shareholders. So I think where we are, I think this is where we're going to be, and is just really that simple.
Kelly S. King: Yeah. That's right, especially with Swett. We talked about a $30 million synergy opportunity. We've already actioned half of that. We won't – we'll probably realize about little less than a third of it this year, but the balance will come next year after we convert in the first quarter. But if you look back at our business over the last, say, four years, what you'll see is a relatively stable declining efficiency. So we're always trimming and pruning, but the acquisition does give us a really good opportunity to try to take the efficiency up or down. What I would also say about Swett is it's gone exceptionally well. In fact, I can't think of one that has gone any better. We have no revenue distractions and our margin, just after having them in three months, is actually better than it was last year. So all things going really well with Swett & Crawford.
Kelly S. King: Stephen, I just remind you that we strategically invested in those businesses, about 15 years or 20 years ago. We believe we have very proven, stable, sustainable platform. So our underwriting servicing approaches to these areas are very consistent. You'll see what we have experienced over the years is competitors come and go and we try to avoid reaching when they come in, and we just stay the course. And so for us, it's back to we take a long-term approach to this with a very measured view on growth and we don't try to hyper-accelerate it in any period. So I would say we don't see any big change in our strategy.
Kelly S. King: More or less similar to the absolute reserve rate that we have on the total portfolio. So I think marginally for growth about what our allowance percentage is today.
Kelly S. King: You did. And the reason is because when we made that comment last quarter, we were assuming certain projections with regard to the denominator, revenue level, and the revenue level because the economy is just a little bit softer. So it just makes that a little bit harder to get to that, maybe to 57%, 58% level. I'm hedging a bit, to be honest, because if revenues come in stronger, we might hit that. But I'm mostly trying to say that this is not that kind of a precision ratio that you can project with absolute certainty. So I'm not saying anything in terms of our taking away from our commitment to expenses. We hit our expense number for the second quarter. We will be able to do exactly what we said in conceptually with regard to expenses for the next several quarters; and the ratios will pop around based on what happens to the revenue.
Kelly S. King: That's a fair question. It is up about 1% common quarter, year-to-date it's actually up closer to 1.4%, 1.5%. So it was both Susquehanna and National Penn, which is unusual. We picked up small retail agencies. So they already had agencies in market. They're not big enough long term. We'll have to add to that chassis. But they are very excited about the horsepower their overall agency brings, and we'll be able to bring much larger variety of product like aviation, performance payment bonds, access to things they never had before, they'll get through our franchise. But it does take some time, but I would say that we're already in the market, rattling the sabre, and there is a lot of excitement, and we would anticipate more momentum as we go in that market; just like we would and will for example. Good insight.
Kelly S. King: So from a general point of view, Paul, the receptivity we've had in Philly has been fantastic. We are a top 10 U.S. bank, and we have very, very good capabilities to help medium size, larger businesses. And the people there frankly like us. I mean we are very well received in terms of our culture and our style of doing business, and so the receptivity has been very strong. And keep in mind that with National Penn and Susquehanna, while they have good relationships with a lot of the players in that market, they haven't had the capacity to be able to meet a lot of their needs. So the hardest part in those kind of relationships is developing trust with the leaders of the companies, the CEO and the CFO. We have that kind of trust and relationship built up for years and years and years through our people up there and all of our people are in place. And so now what we have to do is lever those trust and relationships with our additional capacity. So early feedback from our people is frankly very, very positive.
Kelly S. King: Chris, I think that Pennsylvania obviously is a major growth for us, but as far as growing tangentially, we're not focused on it trying to grow really around our footprint. The only exception to that I would say is, we are now in Ohio technically through Cincinnati. We'll certainly spring forward through our Corporate Banking efforts up into all of the major markets in Ohio. But frankly, we've been working on that for a while anyway. As you know, our Corporate Banking initiative is a national platform anyway. So you're probably talking specifically about retail, and we do not expect any retail movement outside of the existing defined footprint for a period of time. We've got a lot of work to do in all the areas we're in, and that's where we will stay focused.
Kelly S. King: Well, I think as digital transformation – that's an insightful question, digital transformation continues to occur, there will be the possibility of expanding beyond your footprint, obviously not through branches, but through pure social media and other techniques with regard to expanding digitally. That's why, Chris, last year we named one of our new executive management members as our Chief Digital Officer. He has assembled his team. He is aggressively working on what is our strategy with regard to expanding digital within our "geographical footprint" but much broader than that. So it is – that will be a much broader footprint initiative.
Kelly S. King: Well, Nancy, it's good to hear from you, and obviously I just heard that announcement this morning as you did, but I really agree with where they are coming from. I think that businesses in general and the banking industry in particular are doing an injustice frankly to the market at large and to our own shareholders, in terms of trying to be that specific, in terms of projecting quarter-to-quarter. It just makes no sense. That's the way, it's always been. And so, we've kind of fallen into that trap. But as you've heard me say over the last year or so, I've been trying to dislodge us from just talking about efficiency ratios and things like that because of exactly what Jamie and them are talking about. So we will definitely follow us along with that momentum, and yes, I can foresee us not giving guidance. Frankly, what I like to say to our shareholders is that, my pledge to you is that we are going to work really hard to provide a good long-term growing, steady, less volatile total shareholder return that will be a top tier type performance. That's about as far as I think we're ought to give. And then, they measure us over time, and if they like what we do, they buy more stock, they don't they sell.
Kelly S. King: I think that folks like you that are well respected in the industry can help. And I think, the major banks, I'm glad that Jamie is on board, and I think if all the major banks will start moving in that direction, I think, you will see it move very quickly.
Daryl N. Bible: Yeah, it really doesn't impact our risk weighted assets that much, Betsy. They're good quality loans, and they're consumer portfolio, so they really don't hang around very long to figure they'll go on non-accrual. So I would say there is really minimal impact here.
Daryl N. Bible: You know me, Gerard, I've been doing this my whole career, asset liability management, and really not a big believer in taking one big position one way or the other. We really want to be slightly asset sensitive, and just trying to invest, balance and diversify over time. You really can't project interest rates, and if you do guess right and get interest rates right once, what are you going to do the next time around. I mean, you just can't do it. I mean, our job is to produce predictable and repeatable earnings. So we will continue to invest our securities, derivatives and all that to keep very balanced approach. We'll try to stay slightly asset sensitive, and that number might move around a little bit, but you're not going to see any big change out of us.
Daryl N. Bible: Yeah, John. When we went through the process, you go through and you really evaluate your risks in the company, you run your stress models. The CCAR 2015, we actually used up over 100% of our capital, so our capital ratios came down a little bit. So when we did CCAR 2016, we wanted to make sure our capital ratio stayed above 10% in tangible common Tier 1, which is really what we're targeting. So you'll see us slowly accrete even with the repurchase and dividend increase, a little bit more capital over this next four quarters, probably around 20 basis points or so, which is exactly what we planned for. If you look at our (40:00) in total in 2016 versus 2015, it's basically 5% higher. I know we did an extra acquisition and all of that, but the actual (40:10) that we came in with, came in a little bit higher overall, if you don't count the acquisitions.
Daryl N. Bible: In our slide, we show you GAAP margin and we show you core margin; we feel very good that core margin has stabilized. Most of our assets for the most part have been repriced. With the flatter curve, you've seen a little bit pressure on some longer assets like security investments there, but we're also still bringing down our deposit cost a little bit. You saw those come down a couple of basis points. So we feel pretty good that core margin will be pretty stable for the foreseeable future. On the GAAP side, it's basically the difference is purchase accounting. And you're going to see – if we did no other acquisition, whatsoever, GAAP will converge to core over several years, and there will be a trajectory down over time. I wouldn't say, it's going to be steep, but just by definition, it's got to come in if we don't do any more acquisitions.
Daryl N. Bible: Yeah, yeah. So earning assets are a little bit flat, on a linked quarter basis, because when we purchase, close Nat Penn, we pre-bought their securities, and so their security portfolio, so we were a little bit big in the second quarter. So our securities will right size this quarter be around $46 billion, $47 billion in total. So that will come down a little bit. But that will be more than offset in the loan growth side. You actually get a positive mix change there, because you're getting higher yielding assets on the loan side versus what we're giving up on the security side.
Daryl N. Bible: Servicing valuations. Our servicing valuations really haven't improved, or it's within a couple of basis points to what it's been of late. Now on a go forward basis, pricing has expanded. And as pricing expands and rates continue to fall, you might see an increase on a perspective basis in valuations. But right now, you look at our historical numbers and what we reported were pretty much status quo.
Daryl N. Bible: The cost saves that we announced was a total of $60 million. My guess is we're probably a quarter of the way through, probably kind of $15 million right now.
Daryl N. Bible: I would say some of that would be in the 2Q numbers. I mean whenever you announce an acquisition, you don't want it to happen, but people just start looking for other opportunities. And you saw some attrition out of National Penn as it got closer and closer to close. So you saw some of those cost saves come through a little early.
