Mike Maguire: Yes. Good morning, John. No problem, so I guess if you think about ‘24 NII, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we've got five cuts in our base plan, the first in May, and then really another 25 at each meeting with the exception of November. On balances, you know, we mentioned I think, you know, loans probably a touch of pressure in the first quarter, maybe down less than 1%. And then relatively stable on the C&I side, we see a nice, a more stable outlook for the year on the consumer side, a bit of pressure. Deposits, sort of, picking up where we left off in the fourth quarter, so down call it a 1.5% or so in the first, and then declining, but I think albeit it may be a declining rate over the year. So that's, I think, the primary piece. You know, John, we think about repricing. And I think you've heard from peers as well on this. I mean, probably a bit of caution warranted around the betas. So we think that some of the faster stuff that moved on the way up probably moves fast on the way down, but there's still going to be a considerable amount of repriced lag. And so I guess those are the fundamentals. And then I guess you asked about cuts and whether there were fewer. I think we mentioned we're relatively neutral versus our base case on the five cuts. So whether there are three or four, maybe six or seven cuts, I think we have less sensitivity there. That being said, I think it's an area where there are no cuts, you know, that would be, or significantly delayed cuts, that would be a headwind for us.
Mike Maguire: Yes, and you're right on the amortization that would be excluded. On the Mercs, you know, we mentioned, you know, we've got 25 left on our cost savings initiatives based on estimates in the first quarter. You know, they'll be down versus last year. You know, so, you know, should not be as much noise in ‘24 as we saw in ‘23.
Mike Maguire: Yes, Scott, I can give that to you. So, you know, on a stated basis, you know, we finished the quarter at 10.1%. You know, if you look at our -- the new balance from an OCI perspective, and this would include the AFS security, as well as the pension, that's about a 2.9% impact. So that would take you down to, you know, call it, I guess 7.2%. And then, you know, the other factors like the thresholds and the RWA inflation we mentioned, you know, earlier in the call that we have done more work around an estimate for what the RWA impact might be under Basel and also a little more work on the thresholds, call those another percent. So that walks you down to low-6s.
Mike Maguire: Yes, Erika, you know, I'm not -- it's a great question, and one we're spending a lot of time on. Look, I mean, I think initially out of the gates, and if these come, call it, you know, ‘25, you know, at a time and you think about the first 100s so the first four for us, I think the first-half of that, it's going to be really pressured by guys still repricing up across the retail business and certain products and segments. So I guess my use of the word cautionary is thinking about kind of where we're ending up right now on a cumulative beta perspective and just acknowledging that we're going to be lower than that out of the gates for certain. But I don't think, if you think about our NII outlook, I think you've got a pretty good sense for how we're thinking about the reprice trend. And we mentioned we think in the first quarter in sort of a static rate environment, we're going to be down 3% to 4% on balances and day count and a touch worse on rate paid. And you know, from there, as we start to see the cuts, in our case, we think we flatten out and are pretty stable.
Mike Maguire: Yeah, I'll go on the first one. Ebrahim, thanks for the question. You know, you sort of said, hey, I assume it's sort of not just math, or maybe you said it is mathematical, and that's right. I mean, at the end of the day, we do an annual test for impairment. There are I mean thousands and thousands of factors that go into this work. There are customary evaluation approaches. You know, you evaluate each reporting unit. You know, if you think about it the factors that are significant that we cited in our prepared remarks is that you do have a very you know you've had degradation in operating conditions for the industry you had a significant decline in broadly speaking bank stock valuations, Truist market valuation at the time and we do this test as of a certain day each year. In our case, it's October 1. So all those factors are considered and influence the outcome. But at the end of the day, the estimated fair value is below the carrying value, and that's the output. But again, just to reiterate this, absolutely zero impact to our financial condition or how we think about our opportunity or our strategy or what we're doing.
Mike Maguire: Yes, that's right. You look at the various reporting segments, the reporting units for us, which are the consumer and wealth business, at least in ‘23, corporate and commercial, and then insurance.
Mike Maguire: Yes, no, Matt, I think we're just, you know, in the moment we're in, you know, we're looking at spot capital, we're thinking about transitioned, you know, capital measurements if we phase into new rules and we're looking at fully phased in. I think the whole industry is thinking about it that way. So I think when Bill thinks about 10, I mean I think about it on a transitional basis, staying at or above 10 is probably what Bill is implying. But I think shorter term is like we're building capital, we're going to continue to do that through organic earnings and hopefully we'll have a little more visibility on this rule and can give you a little better sense for kind of a medium term target.
Mike Maguire: Yes, no problem. On the securities repricing side, not a huge factor. As you know, our speeds, we mature, call it, $2 billion to $3 billion per quarter, and so probably not as big of an impact on -- in terms of upside for '24. But as you think about the swap book, I think, I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we had a little bit of a tailwind to the tune of, call it, $20 million to $25 million relative to Q3. Our outlook for '24, really interesting enough, the first half, it's a tailwind with some of the payers in our portfolio. But we do have some received fixed swaps that will become effective throughout the course of the year, which will later in the, call it, first-half begin to mute the benefit and then by the second half, create a headwind. But for the full year impact, it's actually negligible at least based on the current curve. But that's all factored into our NII outlook.
Mike Maguire: Look, I mean, like we disclosed this. I mean if you look at our swap portfolio, we've got about $30 billion of receivers on today. About $10 billion of those will be effective sort of day one this year, and by the end of the year, most will be effective. But again, that's incorporated into our outlook.
Bill Rogers: Yes, and it's not just part of the pressure on the consumer side is we're creating, you know, as we're really reducing some of our focus on, you know, indirect as an example. And that's somewhat offset by the growth in Sheffield and Service Finance, but that doesn’t sort of isn't a perfect balance in there. So the consumer reflects probably a little more of our own action and capital allocation than where we are from a market perspective. And then I think as Mike said, I mean, on the C&I side, you know, we're open for business, you know, so, you know, we're going to serve our markets. And I think we've got really, really strong markets. And when I think recovery comes, it will come disproportionately faster in our markets. And if that happens sooner, we'll see the benefit of that. And we'll be a recipient of that, because we are, I think, gaining share in most of those capabilities. And then the other part I just mentioned is that like and when we're winning, we're winning more disproportionately, so on the C&I side particularly, you know, just you know 15% to 20% more of the deals are in left leads as an example. So, you know, if we look at some of our portfolio last year, we're winning more on the left side. So that's got more profitability and more tailwind in terms of an ability to expand those relationships. So I don't know if we're being conservative, to use that word, but I think we've got to sort of see what's in front of us. And hopefully by the end of the year, you know, if the rates turn out as we all forecast, we'll see a little spur in the economy and I think we'll be direct beneficiaries of that.
Bill Rogers: Yes, Mike, I think an appropriate challenge is always, we've done a lot. So I think I'm really encouraged by the momentum and you can see it really in the third and fourth quarter. And you see that significantly and particularly the expense declines. And we're committed to what we, you know, what we talked about in September. I think our $750 million plan, I'm really proud of our teammates. I'm proud of our leadership. You know, they really got the sleeves rolled up and got after it. So the intensity that's in this company right now about being more efficient, I feel is demonstrably better. And being able to apply that over this more simplified organizational structures where we see the benefits. So if you think about, as I've made in my comments, I mean sort of that process is complete. So now this intensity, these efforts, these initiatives, we apply that over a much more simplified business model. And the decisions that leaders are making, I think are just better, stronger decisions, which lead us to a more efficient company long-term.
Bill Rogers: Yes, so I think we've said pretty clearly that, the insurance business creates a capital opportunity for us and then like outlined that in a lot of specificity. We've said clearly that we're always evaluating alternatives and we're going to do the best thing for the insurance business and the best thing for Truist going forward. And I don't think as it relates to any specific timing and those type of things, I don't think I really should comment beyond that.
Bill Rogers: Yes, great question. And the good news is we've got a really good balanced investment banking business. So, and, you know, seeing some positive things on, you know, a lot of the different buckets. So if you think about equity capital markets, I mean they're starting to come back. I think we're starting to see some IPO components of that. Our pipeline there is probably the strongest it's been in a long time. And pipeline as active book runner. When and if all that comes to bear, I think that's we'll just have to, that'll be a little bit market dependent. On the debt side, sort of the high yield investment grade, I mean, you've got a lot of maturity sort of running off in ‘24, so there's sort of a natural refinance opportunity. I think, again, sort of that'll be where clients are projecting where they think rates are going to come. So they've got a lot of natural things they have to do and they'll have to pick that point of demarcation where they want to start the refinancing side. And then the M&A pipeline is really strong. We spent a lot of time in energy with our verticals and being really relevant. So the size and scope of some of the things that we're doing are proportionally higher, but we've also built this really great pipeline with our transition advisory business, with our commercial clients. And we've got more in the pipeline there than we closed all of last year, just as an example. So that's sort of that core bread and butter kind of work. And then we have things that were like public finance, which was sort of a nascent business for us 12, 18 months ago, and now starting to build up some momentum and as we see public finance opportunities starting to grow. So we have a lot of cylinders that are working that I think can offset each other and would be a good reason that we would be confident in a pretty nice recovery on the investment banking side. It will be like everything else, a little bit quarter-to-quarter dependent, but hopefully a little less volatility for us given that we've got a lot of cylinders running.
Bill Rogers: Yes, let me answer the first part of that as well. So, you know, I think that's a great question. And, you know, if you look at sort of the barometer, I was trying to say this earlier on sort of where we go, I think we will reflect our economy and our opportunities. So, and we'll just have to see sort of how that gets unleashed going forward. And I think the correlation will probably be more directly seen in the C&I side, because we're -- as I mentioned before, not just a capital preservation, but or optimization, but really more around optimization around return and sort of looking at our core and non-core. So we've pulled the throttle back on some of the consumer side that we consider to be less capital efficient. So that's got a little bit of an overhang in terms of where we look at this. I think if we go into 2024 and trying to answer your question, I think the barometer for us ought to be on the parts of consumer where we're investing and C&I overall. And as I said earlier, I think when we see the recovery, we'll see it more disproportionately in our markets and we should reflect that. So I think that's exactly right. But the net of your whole question, we're not capital constrained in terms of the opportunity for growth in the business, in poor business, in the places where we're investing.
Bill Rogers: And then on your second question, hopefully, what I was indicating is that process has started. So if you look at the net new account gains we're seeing, the growth in primacy accounts, the growth in market share and investment banking. So those things are actually underway and happening. I think they'll continue to accelerate, they'll continue to build, they'll continue to manifest, as you said, both on the revenue and both on the efficiency side. I think you actually pointed out, you know, you'll see both sides of that.
Bill Rogers: Yes, I'll give Clarke to comment as well. But yes, there are, you know, part of the great part of our markets is we have a lot of in-migration. So we've had a lot of building in anticipation of that. So if you think about some of our larger markets, Austin, Orlando, I mean, some of the suspects where you've seen a little bit of that. I'll get Clarke to comment on the quality of the portfolio. So that you know the multifamily, large developers that were in and long-term the migration positive continues. So I was looking at some data interesting enough just to make a comment broadly on that. Within our markets last year, we added a metropolitan Charlotte. So just think about that in context. So we added about 2.2 net in-migration into our market. So the overall demographics are good, but I think in fairness to your question, we probably have a little bit of a shorter term watch item versus worry item. Maybe Clarke, you can…
Bill Rogers: Yes, Matt, for right now, we're at 10.1 in building. And so I think until we get more information, until we sort of understand the dynamics a little bit more and think about our company construct, I think the best thing for us right now is to be in an organic capital building mode. So we haven't set a specific target, but I think 10 plus for the short-term, the medium term seems a good place for us to be landing right now.
Bill Rogers: Yeah, I mean, I think, Gerard, if we go back to 2019, that was a different world and a different environment, both in terms of, you know, where we were from a rate standpoint and where we were from a capital standpoint, regulatory standpoint. Now we've got Basel III in front of us. So I think in fairness 20, certainly short and medium term is not necessarily in the windshield. But I think we can continue to perform at a high level in terms of ROTCE. And so all the efficiency opportunities and things we're building, revenue growing, those are things that are continuing to build on that. So I think to think about us being a top performer in that category versus setting a specific target that was constructed in 2019 in a different environment is maybe a different way to think about it.
Clarke Starnes: And this is Clarke. Thanks for the question, our ‘24 NCO guidance, as Mike said, it assumes we're going to continue to see normalization occur, both in consumer and wholesale. We've already seen a lot of it in the consumer side. We have a higher mix, as Bill said, of higher margin consumer finance businesses and less relative mortgage and prime auto, that's a factor on the loss assumption. But I think the biggest one that you’ve pointed out, we're working really hard to get ahead of any potential areas of stress, think CRE office and so our guidance also reflects opportunities to be opportunistic to work through if we see more challenges in that space as that structural risk unfolds. So we hope to do better, but we're assuming we're going to work hard to make sure of that we get ahead of any risk.
Clarke Starnes: I agree with you, Bill. Overall, we still think multifamily long-term is a very favorite asset class and some of the current challenges from our perspective relate more to a margin or current debt service coverage risk issue, given rate increases, higher operating cost, and to your point the new pipeline supply that's coming on. And we just view that very differently than the structural risk we see in office as an example. So we're working with our borrowers to address their specific situations as we look out and how they're going to address this impact. Again, so what we would expect more temporary increase in watch lists, some non-accruals, but nowhere near the same loss risk exposure you see in office. And I would remind you that there's very active secondary placement sources, a lot of equity sources willing to come in. And the clients that we have, to Bills point, they want these assets and they're supporting those. So we think it's a manageable risk, even though there's some short-term pressure.
Clarke Starnes: Great question we talk a lot about, Gerard. And so I would say as I mentioned, as opposed to multifamily, we view the risk in the CRE sector as more structural, and it still will take some time to play out over the next couple of years. And the way we think about it, everyone with credit in the sector is exposed to the risk. And so the big challenge will be for those that have large concentrations, which we don't. So we feel good about that. And our strategy has been to try to identify the risk early and work through with those borrowers to address all options. And you see that in how we approached risk rating, accrual status and reserves. So that's kind of where we are right now. We feel good about our efforts. But to your point, we still think about the fact there are very few real trades today. So it's hard to know what real price discovery and whether we've hit the bottom of the cycle or not. I think everyone's trying to recognize that and so you've seen that acceleration. What I think is still left to come incrementally, as we are still seeing, as leases fully mature, companies, lessees resizing their space needs. And so you can have performing loans today and a good outlook, but you really don't know until you see the leases mature. The other thing I would say is we are seeing some interest, some early interest on long-term investors coming in and that may help. So I would say still more to come.
