Kelly King: Just to close, we have very few comments with regard to the Truist value proposition, which is to optimize our long-term total shareholder return really through a focus on strong capital, strong liquidity and diversification and intense client focus. We believe we have an exceptional franchise with diverse products, services and markets. We are the sixth largest commercial bank in the United States. We have strong market share is five fast-growing MSAs throughout the Southeast and the Mid Atlantic area. We are uniquely positioned to deliver best in class efficiency and returns while we continue to invest in the future. We're very committed as Daryl said to reaching our $1.6 billion of net cost savings. We have a really great mix of complementary businesses that allows us to expand our client base through our year old enhancement in revenue synergies. We have a very strong capital and liquidity position in sales, which positions us to be resilient as we go through very challenging times that we are experiencing. We are as I said earlier building a best-in-class new bank designed to be client purpose driven and resolutely committed to inspiring and building better lives and communities. We believe our best days are here for tourists in these States of America. I'll turn it back over to Ryan.
Kelly King: So John, a way to think about that conceptually is that, that $1.8 billion is really as I think about it like our capital allocation for future benefits in terms of client focus and better systems and better processes. So it will flow through expenses. We will continue to report it too. Also you can think about it more in terms of an investment.
Kelly King: Well, Betsy that's a huge part of it, and I'll let Bill give you some deep color with regard to that, but this is a concept of really integrating the way we focus on the client. You know, many institutions focus on a siloed way in terms of products and different services, we don't do that. We focus on the whole needs of the client, and so we've developed this as IRM process we call it, Integrated Relationship Management, over really several decades. And it's very, very effective, very efficient because everybody owns a client. Everybody is focused on meeting all the needs of the clients all the time. But we're seeing spectacular early positive feedback in terms of how it's working especially between the community bank and CIG. Bill, you may want to comment on that.
Kelly King: So Betsy, let me just mention in general, we have the itemized areas you've listed, but we are really focusing on expenses on a broader conceptual approach, we do in obvious. I mean, the obvious are, you know, as you got two of these, and you only need one and those kinds of things that's just going to happen. But we are heading into a period now where it's time for us to focus on optimization. It's time for us to focus on transformation or re-centralizing the business. Because so far what we basically have done is think about it as put two big banks together. Now, what we have -- and we get the -- we get less savings from that, just natural overlap. So, now we have the opportunity to re-conceptualize the business as we transform it post-COVID and all this going on with regard to the new digital world and there are enormous opportunities for us as we go through '21. So '21 is going to be an intense year of focus on expenses from the perspective of transforming our structures, so that we are doing the right things in terms of investments and expense allocations to meet the client's needs first, and we believe that will throw off positive benefits in terms of expenses.
Kelly King: So these as I was describing are really investments, so think about this as we're building a whole new mortgage long delivery system. You will see the benefit of that in terms of -- in some cases just more efficient systems because they're newer, and the other is the effectiveness in terms of meeting client's needs. So we can -- for example in mortgage, you can do more mortgages because you're more efficient. You get more mortgage application because you have a better client experience. So it's just like, if your car has done a rundown and run out of 200,000 miles, you buy a new car, you make an investment, you see the benefit of that in terms of driving experiences, less breakdowns etc, etc. So it is an investment, that is the best way I can describe it to you to think about.
Kelly King: Yeah, Erika, we are upbeat as well. I would say, and I'll take a second why I'm upbeat regarding the economy. This economic downturn is dramatically different than what we've all experienced in the past. If you take the money correction, it was about our commercial real estate bubble, 2000 was a technology bubble, 2008 was the residential real estate bubble. There was no bubble here. There was nothing fundamentally wrong with the economy. In fact, we had ten years of robust growth, you know, have very, very low inflation, we just shut it off. That's important because we're not underlying impending issues that caused the economy to sputter. Now, if you kept it shut off for ten years, you have another issue, but given whether we ordered the vaccines, etc, we fully expect that you're most likely would see stronger snap back in the economy than most people expect. When we talked to our clients and prospects, they are really pretty upbeat. They are saying things like it's time to get on with it. We're ready to go, we're making investments and we're seeing that in terms of our robust pipeline of loan reversal activity. And so we are upbeat with regard to the economy. We think it will be slower in the first part, picking up steam as you head through the mid part, stimulus will have that summed, but mostly businesses and consumers feeling more confident. Look, when the vaccines are out there, I would say all, and as they become more widespread in terms of being injected, fear goes down, confidence goes up. People are ready to live again, people are ready to invest, are ready to run their businesses. So I fully expect by the time we head towards the fall and end of the year, you're going to be really surprised in terms of how robust this economy is. That will show up in terms of our commercial loan activity in a very big way. You're likely to see more residential loan growth than we would have expected in the slower economy and certainly you'll see in terms of our insurance activity as well. Let me just turn quick to Chris Henson and let him give you some color with regard to insurance that is very important.
Kelly King: Erika , keep in mind what Daryl emphasized, when you’re doing this project you bring all those consultants in, but you also get them out. So with regard to consultants, we have a narrow front door and a very big back door. I'm going in the back door.
Kelly King: Yes, let me just add to Daryl’s point, that's also a business mix and focus issue. So what would be traditionally a different back book look, on a forward basis as Daryl noted, I mean we’re seeing improvement in margin that has to do with focus type of relationships, value that we're adding all those type things, and as he noted, you see that particularly in the commercial side.
Kelly King: And just to give you a sense, we've invited 100% of round one through the path of forgiveness, but they submit information at different times. We've received and proposed on the SBA about 40% of that to this point. So some of the timing is really determined by the timing of the client provide the information.
Kelly King: So Mike you're really right, the immediate parts, we're just trying to anchor on the $1.6 billion. We're not trying to hold out what we think is possible in terms of beating that but some of the things I talked about in terms of and we can have more branch closures than we've anticipated. We're not predicting that at this moment, but that's certainly a possibility. We certainly are going to be intensely focused on expense optimization and there are immediate opportunities for duplication across the enterprise areas that we can tend to invest in and reduce ongoing expense run rate. So the $1.6 billion related to basically putting the two companies together. The other things we do more in terms of transformation and additional opportunities we find whether non-branch office space, we see that target, maybe we get a few more branches. We certainly are very optimistic in terms of -- and expect to focus on doing that. We just want to be clear about what we've said we can do and then hold out we can probably beat that.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, John, thanks for that question. I would tell you when we were putting the transaction together in late '18 and we announced in early '19, we thought $2 billion was the merger and restructuring charges, and we're pretty much on target with that. As we continued to work on all the integrations and we saw the opportunity to really build the best in breed of what we could do with our F systems and technologies, we just knew that we would basically be having, I would call it a lot of technology projects on steroids all at once, and that this would be a really unusual time to have all that costs running through our expense structure. So that's really what we came up with. And we've been tracking it to date, so far, and we feel pretty good about the forecast that we have. We're almost at $2 billion in total when you combine both charges of both the merger and restructuring and the incremental. So we have about $2 billion to go over the next year and a half. But we believe it was for the right reasons and makes all the sense that it's going to help our clients and really produce good performance for our Company going forward.
Daryl Bible: Absolutely. Yes, [Speech Overlap]. So when we came up with the five buckets, you're talking about two of the buckets, I mean the retail branches we said originally would be between 700 and 800 branches, as you can see we're at the high end of that original estimate. That will be done by the first quarter of '22. And then on corporate real estate, even before COVID, when you put these two companies together, we have huge duplication all throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast. So just going through and rationalizing that space, I will tell you COVID has helped us in a number of ways in that it's emptied out the buildings, so we can move quicker in the consolidation and my guess is, as we continue to make these combinations that we may actually exceed what we had originally estimated in real corporate real estate consolidations because of COVID and just the behaviors of people working at home.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, so we have a plan for where we are executing now in the $4.8 billion, once we complete that plan, I'm sure Kelly and Bill and Executive Leadership will reevaluate it and see if there is opportunity to do more in the future.
Daryl Bible: Betsy, what I would say in my prepared remarks, I gave for the fourth quarter of this year the $2.940 billion, now that excludes the merger and the restructuring charges, the incremental MOE expenses, amortization. And then I gave a call out on the expenses for the Insurance acquisitions of about $70 million adjusted expenses. So all of that will get carved out of that base. But when you look at like the job re-grading marketing considering that part of the investment, that's something that we’re covering with our net saves.
Daryl Bible: So Matt, ideally, we would like to take this excess liquidity that we have and deploy it in loans, what we're seeing is that we just have a fair amount of payoffs in the PPP. But as businesses really come back and have a lot of momentum and start growing, as we get into the middle of latter half of ’21, we really want to deploy that excess liquidity in lending. I would say that we decided to put some of that liquidity into the investment portfolio. We did that throughout the third quarter. We did partial heads up our hedges on them, basically to help with a mark-to-market on that. So when we added about $25 billion, $30 billion to the investment portfolio, we did have hedges on there about $20 million that we put on to help with the market risks that we have. So net-net, we feel good with what we've done. The real uncertainty on a go forward basis with all these new stimulus packages is, we could get potentially another $10 billion or $20 billion more liquidity into the balance sheet. I think we need to evaluate what we do with that excess liquidity whether we keep it at the Fed or invest it or ideally lend it out, which is the main primary objective.
Daryl Bible: Yes, it's the technology projects. And so the expenses that we can carve out, one-time cost like when we decommission something or something is put out of use, from that perspective has no future benefit. That's in the original merger and restructuring charges. But when you have developers going in and you have people going in with systems, and you have architects building out, you know our new [indiscernible]they're basically building a whole new Truist environment and technology. All those are real costs, we're doing all these technology costs all at once. All that has future benefit, we would typically not carve that out as merger and restructuring. It's basically just the combination of doing a lot of technology projects all at once. We just thought it was fair to call out because you would never really think of doing this all at once if it wasn't for the merger. But as Kelly said, at the end of the day, we're going to have a much better client experience, we're going to have much better performance overall. And you should see the benefits of all these systems integrated by doing the best between each of the systems that I think you're having a lot of revenue and other synergies going forward.
Daryl Bible: Bill, I would say in a normal balance sheet structure that would make a fair amount of sense, what we have going on our balance sheet, remember, we have some purchase accounting, we have PPP, and all that, we actually saw our yields, you can see that on our tables, you can see that we actually had loan yields higher for those various reasons. That said, I would tell you the steepening of the curve, we are asset sensitive, we’re asset sensitive across the curve, little bit more short in the longer-end. But as the yield curve shifts, we will benefit from that, 25 basis point steepening of a curve will basically give us two to three basis points in core margin. So it is a phenomenon, if you look at how things are going on and off on a pure basis actually look at credit spreads going on, our commercial credit spreads are going on maybe three or four basis points higher than what they’re coming off. And so I think all that is relatively good from that perspective.
Daryl Bible: The thing I would just add to that Bill is that it has a huge impact obviously on core margin depending on when the forgiveness happens and it could be anywhere from three to five basis points depending on the amount that actually happens in any given quarter. One thing to note, round two is really focused on more smaller loans. So those actually drive higher fees, but our average fee on round one was about 2.7. Our estimate -- this is just an estimate because it's just now starting to roll out, you might see north of 5% fees on round two. We'll have less volume, but it will also have a huge impact on those as well.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, I'll be happy to do that. So when you look at margin because we have the difference between our reported margin and core margin, we are going to have less over time accretive yield going into our margin. Now that's volatile, I would say that that could be down anywhere from two to four basis points unless accretive yield that impacts reported margin on a quarterly basis. So that trends down, it's just how much is down kind of goes back and forth from that. From a core margin perspective, our core margin is actually holding up really well. We've done really well in the past couple of quarters with that. The uncertainty we have is that how much more liquidity when you get into the balance sheet and liquidity and the balance sheet pressure to core margin. If we decide to invest in equity and securities, it gives us a little bit more NII, we view it fairly basically just trend a lot of NII. So we estimate those decisions as we go forward, but depending on how much liquidity we gain with the packages, core margin, it could be a little bit volatile. I think you have to move -- shift to net interest income and focus on net interest income and what the impacts are until that in front of there. On the fee side, I would just tell you that the business has had a lot of momentum. Insurance always is very strong in the first quarter achieving the strong quarter, but if you look at those areas in investment banking and trading, huge pipelines they had build in the fourth quarter. Kelly is right with the economy. He could have a great quarter in Joe's world and whilst they have a lot of momentum, they're adding more accounts in our retail area add traction, our community bank commercial actually is growing commercial loans and you look at the detail, I don’t know if Bill or Chris want to comment on the momentum we got on the revenue on those businesses.
Daryl Bible: Our fee income is still strong and all that and I have to tell you it's meaningful and have to carve it out like we did this past quarter that would be actually great story to tell you. So we will continue to try to carve out when we think it makes sense to carve out that variable comp. Obviously, we're a dynamic company and things remain, but just to be sure we're doing, but everybody understands, we're not changing our commitment. We're back on our way from the $1.6 billion that we made in February '19. We're going to get those cost savings,
Daryl Bible: So I won't tell you we are investing more than what we originally sight, but we think these are the right investments that we're making in our people, technology, digital are all for the right reasons. So we are making more investments than what we originally thought. We haven't communicated that number publicly, but just now that we are going to get our net savings maybe more clear at some point but let us get the $1.6 first and right now we are making a lot of investments in the company as we're moving forward and you're seeing it in the results. Look at our revenues, look at our account growth that we're getting and we're doing really, really well in the midst of a lot of conversion, which would really distract a lot of businesses. We are performing at a very high level.
Chris Henson: Thanks Kelly and Erika thank you for the question. So maybe just to sort of fourth quarter and maybe just the outlook to your point, one of the best quarters that we have had in some time and with all the drivers of organic growth are really kind of hitting, hitting on all cylinders, client retention has stabilized in and retail at north of 90% for the last eight months wholesale, really strong at 85%, we're really seeing the cause of the factors in the market. Standard carriers are pushing risk to the wholesale market, and we're benefiting from that. Pricing another element organic growth as strong as we're in the hardest market we've seen in two decades, rates are up in the industry, north of 7%. And it's anticipated that we'll continue to see some hardening and acceleration into ‘21. Our new business, new business in 2019 was up in the 12% to 13%. That was as good as we've seen and we hit COVID. We were kind of negative 4% to 6%, didn't know where the year was going to shake out. But this quarter, our new business was up 19.5% up 8% year-to-date, some of the best numbers I have ever seen. So that all led to an organic growth number that we reported 2.9% to like quarter, 4.3% year-to-date. But just to key in on one point Daryl made, I think it's really important. The 2.9% growth number was really negatively impacted by one-time MOE related piece of insurance that was booked for our MOE deal in Q4 ‘19. So if you exclude that noise, organic growth really would have been on a core basis 4.9%. In terms of output, we expect first quarter commissions to be up in the 10% range, we're moving from our third best quarter of the year to our second best and first, obviously uncertainties in COVID that impact the economy. But the outlet is really strong given accelerator pricing, exposure units in the business are holding. We're growing excess and surplus lines because of the shift that I mentioned in the standard cares of support retail pushing it to E&S. And we're really benefiting from that diversification. And the pricing momentum, you think about the markets digest and the COVID impacts, CAT losses. We had 30 storms this year, the most in history in any given year. And three of the largest years in history of CAT losses occurred in the last four years. So it's got upward pressure and then lower interest rates, which puts pressure on investment income for underwriters. So pricing up 7%, you're seeing examples of things like in excess of 12.5%, D&O up 11.5%, property was we had a lot of up 9%, up in all classes all accounts. So, looking forward, what we're expecting is, in first quarter, is somewhere around the 5% kind of organic growth rate number. And we think that elevated catastrophe level, low interest rates , all that's really going to keep it propped up. And Kelly mentioned acquisitions, we were able to close five in the fourth quarter, and we expect more in 2021, so really bullish about insurance going forward.
Chris Henson: Sure. Yes, we do obviously plan to participate in Round 2, probably in the neighborhood of $3 billion or so. We see most in Round 1 playing out through ’21 and Round 2 probably coming in, the first half of the year and then rolling out the back half of the year. Really hard to call exactly when what quarter exactly that all is going to flow out. But to answer your question that I would say 90 plus percent of it should be gone by the end of ‘21.
Chris Henson: If we look at things like pipelines going forward and production in the fourth quarter, we have a reason to be optimistic that's against a headwind though of PPP paydowns and utilizations being at uniquely low level. So I think the things that we can control production pipelines are doing well and then I think we'll see the benefit of that over time whether that manifest itself in first quarter, second, third or fourth will be dependent upon all the things that will build confidence and market acceptance of where we are.
Chris Henson: Thanks for the question, this is Chris. You're right, we did finish around 5% and based on what I see now, I think around 5% would be certainly a good number for call it the first half of next year. We call it the last half when we give the quarter in or so. So we feel very, very good about it but I must tell you if pricing holds and I believe that it will and if the economy does begin to turn via vaccinations getting pushed out to the country and we're able to see then better new business growth as a result, some example of what we saw in the fourth quarter, could it be better, I think it's possible that it could. So I think the opportunity really kind all the cylinders have opportunity to move. I do think that growth is going to be dependent upon what happens with COVID and the economy and kind of get all that going, but certainly we do get vaccinated out stimulus first half of the year, I think it bodes well for organic growth in that business for sure and your question about is the margin better than one than the other, strategically as a bank, the reason we want exposure to both, if we want to bank, it probably wouldn’t matter as much, but what we're really interested in is for this business to provide good downside protection when credit markets are challenging and you can see it this year this past year, 4.3% organic growth for the year I think is pretty solid given the backdrop. And the reason we do that is because the wholesale and retail is going to operate in difference to each other. So you're going to depending on whether you're in hard in soft market, one it is going to help balance the other that we're interested in the combination of the growth there. So certainly a little bit better contribution from wholesale today than retail, but they're making nice contribution.
