Kelly King: Thanks, Daryl. So in summary, it’s a lovely, great quarter. As Daryl said, we had record earnings, expenses are being managed in an excellent manner. And we have excellent execution of strategies that are designed to create more diversified and resilient profitability, which I think is very, very important. And at the same time, we’re investing substantially in our digital platform or what I call the new bank, creating outstanding client experiences, which is critical for the future. The economy is good, rates are rising, regulations are improving. That’s a pretty good scenario for banking. There are plenty of challenges out there, but we have huge opportunities to build our new bank while nurturing our old bank. We have huge opportunities to realize organic growth in revenues and fees from strategies that we’ve been working on for a number of years. Finally, I would just like to invite all of you to attend our investor conference day. We’re very excited about it, and hope you will come. We’re going to spend a lot of time talking about current and long-term strategies. Hope you’d get a good feel for the essence of BB&T as we’ll talk a good bit about our culture. We are having the meeting on November 13 and 14 at our Leadership Institute, so I hope you’ll come on over and join us. We look forward to having a good time. So for all of these reasons, we feel adamantly our best days are ahead. I’ll turn it over now to Alan.
Kelly King: Yes, and John, I just want to stress two of the points that Clarke made, I mean as this was very, very important. So we’ve been working for years on developing this diversified strategy around lending because we just think, in the environment we’re in today, we’ve got a single focus in terms of lending strategy. That’s looks great; that particular category is good but it doesn’t look so good when it’s soft. And so we try to get the best performance we can out of all the categories, but the key is to have a multifaceted loan asset strategy, which we do. And then the other thing about these paydowns, I think people saw the 10-year spike up. I think people are just kind of – it’s a tipping point, they think rates are going on up. They’re probably right and so they’re taking these portfolios on out to the market where they’re qualified. It’s a fairly temporary phenomenon. Next one or two quarters, you’ll that subside. And with good, solid production – companies that have good, solid production will see substantial increase in loan growth.
Kelly King: So Betsy, generally, its two things. We do have, as you well know, the seasonal slowdown in the fourth. And we are, I think, being a little conservative, but we are expecting these paydowns to continue. And that’s built into our forecast. Now if the paydowns were to subside earlier than we expect, that could give us a positive lift. But it’s basically seasonality and exaggerated paydowns.
Kelly King: And I just want to stress this for the entire audience listening, this is a really big deal. I mean, the banks will be able to survive it but the problem is, if it goes into effect as now projected, it’s really bad for the economy. It’s really bad for consumers. It’s really bad for business. It is not the right thing to do. And so we are asking FASB to slow down, take a breath, let’s study this carefully and let’s see what the real impacts are and likely, let’s make some adjustments. So we have Secretary Mnuchin, and we believe he will lead the effort through the Financial Stability Oversight Council to bring all the organizations together to look at how negative this will be from a systemic point of view. So a lot of good momentum. Anybody out there listening that has a chance to talk to congressional people and/or regulators, please put in your word for it because now is our time to get this changed and put it into a more proper light.
Kelly King: Yes, that is a really good, insightful question, and that’s the point, Erika, we’ve been trying to make. It is true that the nonbanks are still very, very aggressive and they are clearly penetrating further down into the commercial portfolio than they ever have. My own view is they’re taking enormous risk. And when we do have a cycle, you’re going to see a lot of them washed out and that will be a very good thing. But today, they are a competitive factor. They are driving structure down, they’re driving rates down and it’s making it substantially tougher for commercial banks to be able to compete in the market. And that’s not to say we don’t try really hard, it’s not to say we’re out of the business, but they’ll take our credit and they’ll take it to an extreme of low-risk returns that we just aren’t going to go into. So to your point, that’s why BB&T has been so focused over the last 10 years on developing these diversified strategies, and they are more defensible. The nonbanks don’t get into areas like Sheffield and premium finance and areas like that, that we have. So I’m not saying we don’t have competition there, but it’s not the kind of competition you’re seeing from these nonbanks. And so if you put that whole portfolio and our whole portfolio together compared to some others, I would say that we’re in a relatively much stronger position moving forward in terms of growth relative to competition – aggregate competition. So then our growth would be relatively more impacted by the general economy versus any specific competitor.
Kelly King: So Erika, we’ve been saying for the last, really, couple of years, that we are intensely focused on being disciplined with regard to expense [indiscernible]. You can’t just say that. You have to do it a lot because your expenses are naturally going up, absent any intervention. And so we’ve been working really, really hard for well over a year on multifaceted strategies. And it’s not just little strategies. We have big strategies. We have large projects going on across the company. And it’s all about reconceptualization and building the new bank and being sure we have the foundation laid so that we are very successful for the next 146 years. And so we take all that very, very seriously. We call it building the new bank. And so that’s allowing us to hold expenses relatively flattish. As we said, over a year ago, we delivered; we think that’ll carry into 2019. And certainly we expect revenue to increase. We expect to have decent loan growth as margins are improving, rates are going up. But in addition to that, we have so many fee businesses that have such great opportunity. Our Insurance business is – and Chris is doing a great job, with John Howard, our President. But it is really coming into its own and has huge opportunities in terms of improvement on our wealth strategy, our credit card businesses. Across the board, we have multifaceted strategies that are driving up not just interest income but fee income. So for all these reasons, we feel very confident about positive operating leverage.
Kelly King: And all of that is driven by the fact that we are having substantial improvement in client satisfaction from our clients. All of the things we’re doing in terms of digital banking, our virtual call centers are really paying off. And so satisfaction’s up which, as Daryl said, is driving net account growth, which is really good.
Kelly King: With the Consent Order, we’re moving along, as we reported before, we’ve effectively done all that is required of us in terms of our BSA/AML program. We are finishing up the final leg of an automation project that will be completed by the end of the year. So we – as you know, we already had the Consent Order both with the FDIC and the state. We fully expect as we head into the first quarter, if not before, that the Fed will conform with FDIC and the state. So there’s no issue there, it’s just a matter of timing and expectations of regulators in terms of when we actually dot every I and cross every T with regard to the automation of certain aspects of our BSA/AML program. So that’s all going very, very well. As I said, we are laser focused on organic growth. We are very excited about all of the things that we have going on. We can grow this company in terms of revenues. We can control expenses, we can increase earnings and EPS, which we think will result in improved TSRs for our shareholders and that’s what we’re laser focused on.
Kelly King: So that is an opportunity, if you think about our company. We are conservative, you’ve got to start with that, but we’re not irrational either. So there are multifaceted reasons why at this very moment we are being conservative. One is we want to get a better read in terms of future projected economy. We feel good about it, but there’s a lot going on in the world and so we’re holding a little bit of powder dry [ph] because of that. Banks, they want to see how the CECL thing plays out because nobody can tell you today what the underlying impact on capital can be. And we just don’t want to ever be in a place where we end up having to pull out our products out from the marketplace. It’ll cost you a little bit [indiscernible] capital, but cost you a lot if you have to raise capital potentially at such an opportune time. And so for those two reasons, we’re holding a little extra capital today. I wouldn’t say we’re holding a huge amount of extra capital because of M&A. We – if we were to do any kind of deals, that the companies would be well capitalized or we wouldn’t be interested in them anyway. So I don’t think that’s a big issue. So – and to be honest, there’s been a lot of movement recently with regard to discussions in Washington around the $250 billion level. Independent of M&A, we will get to $250 billion at some point between margin and growth. And so – but there’s a lot of movement right now. You’ve heard from some of the speeches that Vice Chairman Quarles has talked about looking – aggressively looking at above $250 billion. So it’s not self-evident that we would even have to have additional capital above $250 billion. So when you see some clarity around all of those factors, there’s clearly the opportunity for us to lower our capital relationships.
Kelly King: So Gerard, here’s another interesting thing to think about. I think all of us tend to think in terms of patterns, and I think the challenge maybe we all have today is we’re trying to resort back to traditional 30, 40-year patterns, which might not be rational. This 10-year process we’ve been through is very unusual. So as you know, typically, we have recessions that are relatively deep. We have steep improvements, booms, and then we have another raise from the asset buys [ph]. We don’t have that this time. This has been a very slow, methodical recovery, which may lead, a, to a longer recovery than most people expect; and b, it may not lead to a steep negative credit correction. And I’m with Clarke, it kind of feels like we’re based on the bottom but that’s based on my pattern of thinking. And so I just – I’m trying to challenge my own self in terms of just thinking in terms of patterns. This is a new world, a new environment and there is a reasonable chance that we will see a relatively continued slow, steady type of market for a number of years, which may not end up in a substantial credit cycle, which I know everybody is expecting.
Kelly King: I remember, George, that the 1990 debacle, as you called it was – and I lived right in the middle of it, it was a commercial real estate-driven kind of phenomenon. We had a huge run-up in commercial real estate. We had some profit lending, and most of the larger banks back then were much more commercially driven than they are today. Most of them are diversified; maybe not as much as us, but most are diversified. So we’re not as totally commercially dependent.  So number one, I don’t think we have the tendency to build up commercial risk that we had back then. So I think it may be not quite as good a comparison. But to the extent that there will be cycles and to the extent that there will be corrections in credit portfolios, et cetera, obviously that will put pressure on earnings. That will cause organizations to have to contemplate their strategic futures. But to be honest, I don’t really expect to see a lot of big M&A, big bank mergers. I really don’t. At one time I did, as you know, but I don’t expect to see that today. I think what’s happening – and this is a relatively recent phenomenon, and it’s beginning to cause me to at least think again, out of pattern, a little differently about scale and size. Historically, I thought in terms of – and you had to get your scale to get your cost per unit down because you had to build all these systems and all yourself. We’re now looking at some systems improvements where we’re not going to have to build it ourselves. We’re looking at – so there’s a real movement inside our industry and outside providers to use a shared utility concept where it’s possible for organizations to plug into a shared utility and not have to have inherently the scale necessary to get the cost per unit down. In fact, our banking industry through the Bank Policy Institute and The Clearing House, are working on some shared utility concepts today, where all the banks will own certain activities and will all have the maximum scale advantage. So there’s some interesting movements now that I’m really happy about that will potentially tap down the need for high scale in terms of getting real good operating decisions.
Kelly King: So, I think Vice Chair Quarles has a really good handle on this issue. I’ve talked to him directly and heard him in meetings. He really understands this, and he gets that there are a number of institutions, including BB&T – I’m not speaking for him, that’s my opinion – but institutions like BB&T that are above $250 billion that do not have the same kind of risk as some of the larger, more globally systemically important institutions. He gets that. And so I’m very optimistic that he is going to be moving towards modifying the prudential regulatory standards above $250 billion. It’s just a meaningless number and – the Fed actually has a risk scoring card they’ve been using for eight or 10 years that looks at institutions across a broad base, kind of a matrix look at the risk of the institution versus the number in terms of assets and that’s – and they’ve been using that internally for years. And so I know that he is mindful of that. But for example, if you look at that, BB&T, the scores range from like 0 up to like 450 or 500. BB&T has a score on that thing of about 50 and some of the largest institutions have 450 or 475. So the order of magnitude is really important here. And I think Vice Chair Quarles gets that. So I’m very optimistic that when we do – whether this is three or four years or whenever it is when we organically most likely move above $250 billion, then I think we very well may not see a material issue in terms of regulatory changes in terms of how they regulate us.
Kelly King: So John, there are two things. One is the scale issues that I’ve talked about have definitely changed my views with regard to this whole issue. And the other thing is that, truth be told, most of my comments were taken out of context. Nothing has changed with regard to my view. I’ve been laser focused on revenue growth, and I talked about it extensively for a long time now. And so if you’re referring to some reaction to the last quarter, it was taken out of context. I did not intend to convey that we were actively pursuing. In fact, I think I said I hadn’t made any phone calls with regard to mergers in several years, which is true. So we are laser focused on organic growth, and that’s my message, and I hope it’s understood.
Kelly King: So John, we hope you’ll come down to Greensboro for our Investor Conference in a few weeks. We’re going to give you some good color in – on a number of areas, including the ones you asked about, at our Investor Day conference. So we hope that you will be eager enough to have that question answered to come on down and visit.
Clarke Starnes: John, this is Clarke. I’ll take that. Kelly mentioned earlier, on the C&I or the commercial side, we have pretty broad-based growth drivers, Corporate Banking was a positive. Our dealer floor plan, mortgage warehouse, Premium Finance, our Sheffield C&I component, our small ticket leasing and our general leasing, so I think the takeaway was we got it in a number of different areas. We are not just solely dependent upon traditional middle-market C&I, although we did certainly play hard there as well. To your point about the quarter end, we did have some accelerated paydowns, both on lines and payouts as also the CRE side as we are seeing more clients, as rates are going up, taking stabilized properties, for example, out to the secondary market. We’re also seeing things like tech sponsors coming in, buying middle-market companies, some of those are paying out. So certainly, we have paydown challenges, but we think the diversified set of platforms we have helped us overcome that as we look forward. On the retail side, you’re right we had a nice improvement in the resi side. We chose to hold some high – very high-quality super conforming and jumbos out of our correspondent area as correspondent margins are really tight; but these are very high-quality, high-yielding assets. We had growth in our indirect platforms as Kelly mentioned. I would mention we also had outstanding results in our card growth. We introduced a new set of products this quarter and we’re getting outstanding reception from our clients. So overall, I think it’s a diversification story for us.
Clarke Starnes: Yes, Betsy. This is Clarke, I’ll take a stab at where we are today, and then Daryl will chip in on CECL. So we’re at 1.05%, and obviously we’ve got very good coverage ratios right now, but I think our long-term perspective is we’re in the long cycle. It’s been very good. We’re all leaning into a lot of new areas in the abnormal seasoning. So to us, now is not the time to be releasing reserves. But given the excellent credit quality, I mean, the outlook’s still very positive, we think we should have stable to very solid performance. So I think, in our view, it looks more like a stable reserve rate versus any big build. Definitely no releases.
Clarke Starnes: Gerard, this is Clarke. That’s a very good question. I’ll take a stab at it. A couple of things, I just would remind you all that I think all banks are operating at very low levels of losses and nonperforming assets probably below long-term trend levels, even with stable risk taking. So I think part of that is we’ve just been in a very good economy, long end of the credit cycle. So at some point, it will normalize to more historical level. It’s just a matter of when – we’re trying to be very mindful of that. So we think, obviously, any shock there or any change in the economy would certainly have an effect. But some of the things we’re looking at, just trying to be very careful about watching early seasoning in our portfolios, any characteristics of risk increasing or borrower deterioration I think is really important. You can’t just look at current performance metrics. To your point, you have to look at forward-looking risk management. You’ve got to do stress testing. And I think the bigger risk for the industry right now, a lot of people are pushing into new, unseasoned areas of risk taking. A lot of that coming out of open banking disruptors, things like digital unsecured lenders through third parties, lots of people going into areas they haven’t been in before. So I think if you’re going to see a crack in the future, in my opinion, it would be not fully appreciating the fact that a lot of these portfolios are unseasoned now and may be taking more risk than people realize. The other thing I would say is we’re clearly seeing higher risk taking in traditional areas like C&I by the smaller banks. I think some of the smaller institutions are clearly taking more risk than what you see the large regionals or mid banks take.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think, John, as Kelly said, we have a lot more financial flexibility on the expense side as we kind of make the changes on the traditional bank. I think we’re reallocating expenses, and feel pretty good expenses are flat pretty much year-over-year. When you look at it, we ended – we’re forecasting to be at $6.8 billion in expenses adjusted this year, which is flat from 2017. We hope to try to continue that into 2019. On the revenue side, we don’t have the run-off portfolios that we had in the prior year. Mortgage is growing. Auto is growing. We’re getting real close to turning the direct retail fees in the next couple of quarters. So we feel good that loan growth will be an engine for revenue growth. Our margins are growing slightly, as rates continue to go up, so it’s positive pressure on revenue there. I think fee income, our core fee income businesses should continue to grow quite nicely. I know mortgage is under stress but this next quarter, commercial mortgage should be really strong. If you look at Insurance, Chris can comment on that, but that’s growing nicely organically. Service charges are up. We’re having a higher record account growth going on right now. And then investment banking and brokerage had record revenue. So I think we’re starting to hit on most of our cylinders right now, and I think we’re very – feel optimistic about revenue.
Daryl Bible: Yes, if you back out the seasonal portfolios, Betsy, that we talked about, our 5.8% this quarter was aided by seasonality. So 5.8% becomes to like maybe mid-4s, 4.5%, I would think. And if you back that in and factor that in into the fourth quarter, our 1% to 3% would really be closer to 2% to 4% if we didn’t have the rundown in those portfolios. So we’re really only slowing down loan growth a little bit, not as much as what you’re seeing there, just because of seasonality.
Daryl Bible: Yes, I think from a modeling perspective, we’re working along the lines of being ready to go parallel sometime in early part of 2019. We have modified our CCAR models and are using most of them for CECL. And what we’re finding is that the models are very pro cyclical, which is a concern that we have on the impact on the economy. I don’t know if you saw it, but yesterday, the Bank Policy Institute sent out a letter, Greg Baer, representing the top 50 banks in the U.S., asking for FSOC, which is basically chaired by Secretary Mnuchin and all the regulators, to ask FASB for a pause to study the impact on the economy because of a procyclicality. And the studies that we’ve seen and the analysis that we have basically shows that our ability to lend if we went through the last downturn that we just went through, would be twice as worse as what we had just because of the distortion of earnings and capital because of how the accounting is being accounted for with CECL. So we feel that we’ll prepare to go forward with it. But FASB could change the accounting such that it more reflects the reality of lending, that would be a positive and then the regulators could also impact and maybe have capital relief. But both of those is something that we’re hopeful for; the industry seems to be pretty united in that right now, from small banks all the way up to the largest banks, and we’re hopeful that the regulators in FASB listen and do what’s right for the economy and our clients.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Since we have Investor Day next month, Betsy, I’ll give you some projections. It won’t be finalized yet, but I’ll give you some projections on the impact. But since our portfolio is diversified 50% retail, 50% commercial, the consumer portfolios tend to get hit pretty hard in CECL especially under stress times. Our allowance would probably be higher than what it is now, but we’re really concerned with the volatility. But we’ll be able to show you all that. We’ll show you the pro cyclicality that we have and anything else, but it won’t really get finalized until probably middle of next year when we have more exact changes on the allowance. But it’s really also dependent on the economy, what’s going on in the economy.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Steve, this is Daryl. I would tell you our liquidity and core funding is really strong. One of the categories that we use to fund the bank is Eurodollar time deposits. That’s not a client funding source, it’s a national market funding source but it goes into our deposit totals. We were pretty much out of that at the end of the quarter. This past quarter, that was probably worth $2 billion or $3 billion. We also have some seasonality on when just how deposits move back and forth. So what I really look at is average deposits over like periods of the previous year because that’s really – you can see in the comp the seasonality that ebb, and I think our core deposits are growing nicely. Our noninterest-bearing deposits grew a little over 1%, which is really strong in this rate environment right now. So we feel very good from a deposit perspective. But you did see a little attrition out of some public deposits. During the quarter, three clients did move out. But that was very much rate driven; those tend to be hotly competed funding sources in some situations. But our core deposit growth is strong. Our account growth, when you look at account growth, we haven’t had account growth – you think that as we are down over 300 branches and our account growth that we’re getting right now is the highest it’s been in 10 years in our system, it’s coming through the branches that we have out there, through our direct channels, our digital channels, our niche businesses that we have that focus on deposits. So all that is really strong, and I would say organic growth on deposits is the best it’s been in a long, long time.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Steve, I really don’t think we have a funding gap. I think our core deposits will grow in sync with our loan growth. We will augment that growth through nonclient funding. Now that comes and goes just because of seasonality in deposits. So we could add Eurodollars back into this quarter. It’s really a funding decision, cost decision. But over the long term, I think we are very focused on making sure core deposits grow with loans, and we think we can accomplish that. From a margin outlook, we are still asset sensitive. As rates rise, we think our core is still going to go up a couple basis points. Our purchase accounting is pretty much out of our system, and there’s only 10 basis points left. So we’re only really losing maybe one basis point a quarter now as that fades away. So I think margining should be up slightly on a reported basis as well, as rates continue to rise.
Daryl Bible: We’re really just trying to manage our capital ratio. As we said all along, we want to keep our ratios pretty consistent and not really lever up the company any more right now. So if you look at our slides that we have there, our CET1 is at 10.2% for the last five quarters, and we’re really just keep – trying to keep it in that range. And based upon what we think the balance sheet growth is going to do, it’ll come up at that same number. Whether we spend the whole $1.7 billion really depends on how much the balance sheet grows. That’s why we’re giving you the amount that we’re buying back quarter-to-quarter.
