Alan W. Greer: Thank you, Carrie, and good morning, everyone. And thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the third quarter, as well as provide some thoughts about the fourth quarter. We also have with us other members of our executive management team who are with us to participate in the Q&A session: Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Ricky Brown, the President of Community Banking; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be reviewing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on our website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. I'll refer you to the forward-looking statement warnings in our presentation and our SEC filings. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the Appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan W. Greer: Okay. Thank you, Kelly. We'll now move to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll ask Carrie to come back on the line and explain how you may participate in this Q&A process.
Alan W. Greer: Okay. Thank you, operator. And I apologize to those folks we didn't get to, we will call you shortly. Thank you for your interest and participating today. This concludes our call.
Kelly S. King: Thanks, Daryl. I appreciate it. And so overall, it was a strong quarter, as I said, given the challenges, excellent asset quality improvement. Our diversification strategy has continued to work. And looking forward, we expect positive operating leverage and improved efficiency in the fourth. And so, we are now ready, I think, Alan, to turn to questions.
Kelly S. King: Erika, that's a really good question. And I think you characterized it right. The challenge today is on the revenue side. We're actually managing our expenses very well. We do have this temporary lift up in the expenses that I've talked about, but I'm really not concerned about that going forward. On the revenue side, you get these seasonal changes. Recall, it popped up in the -- then they'll pop back down in the fourth because they're insurance and so forth, primarily insurance. So over the next couple of years or so, we would expect to move back down towards that mid-50s. It will be largely out of revenue growth. Now we're not -- we have to diligently control expenses through that process. But frankly, as I said earlier, a lot of these expenses we're investing today will yield better and will optimum expense control and a lot of systems areas going forward, so that'll be a positive. We have a lot of investments like in wealth management and Corporate Banking, et cetera, that we're building an infrastructure that will yield benefits as we go forward. And so, we think as these strategies continue to develop, revenue will gain momentum and our efficiency ratio will come down.
Kelly S. King: So Matt, I think the -- what we talked about before in terms of our optimization strategy has worked exactly as we expected across the entire enterprise. You're simply seeing it being disguised today because of these temporary costs and the reduction in revenue. But if you didn't have the temporary cost, if you didn't have the reduction in revenue this quarter, you would clearly see the Community Bank. In fact, I'll get Ricky to give you a sense of the success he's had in that project.
Kelly S. King: So I think the overall industry is, obviously, improved in CRE. Multifamily is strong across the board. Hotels are kind of back to the normal. Retail office is still really, really soft. But what's really happening is there is intense competition, everybody's going after loans wherever they can find them. We have an appetite to increase our CRE, but we do not have an appetite strong enough to take on too much risk at the extraordinarily low prices, and that's really what's going on in the marketplace today. We've -- I've talked to our people, nobody has ever seen it quite as intense as it is today in that space. It's just incredible. And so, it's the time to be patient. We think it will turn as we head into the next 12 to 15 months. But for right now, the differentiation between us and the marketplace is simply risk appetite. We're not going to jump out of the frying pan and into the fire. And we are concerned about some of the strategies that are in place in the marketplace, but we're going to stay the course.
Kelly S. King: Well, I mean, you've got a lot of factors going on in terms of -- in the CRE market. And you still have it, still today. Because of low levels of interest rates, you have a lot of portfolio moving out into conduit markets, so that's still pretty strong at these all-time low rates. We've got the quality underwriting, as I mentioned before. But yes, as you expect the economy to recover, you'll certainly expect to see more CRE activity. For example, though you've seen nothing in office and you've seen nothing at retail, which is a big part of the market, as the economy gets better, consumer demand goes up, you'll see those markets recover and that'll be good for us and everybody else. Multifamily, I would guess, would begin to peak a little bit. But as that is peaking, that will be because the price points have changed. So a single-family is more attractive, so single-family ADC will pick up. And so when you look at all of that together, I think you're at the very low point with regard to CRE for us because of our risk appetite. For the industry, I think, overall CRE opportunity will improve, and I expect it will improve for us as we continue to aggressively pursue the market, not in terms of underwriting, but in terms of efforts. So I think, overall, it will improve for us and everybody else.
Kelly S. King: Betsy, I think, that's a question that I worry the most about. To be honest, it's a little indeterminate right now. Let me explain what I mean. So the economy is just not producing much loan activity today. When people talk about their loan growth, I think if you really drill down, most everybody would tell you 90-plus percent of what they're doing is moving around the existing business. There's just not much pure economic activity going on out there. In the very largest businesses, that have international activities, there are some growth there. But everywhere else, it's pretty tepid. And so, does the change in Washington last night sparked more confidence into people to start doing things. Who knows? But that would be a positive. Do rates take off and that causes the conduit market to slow down, and so the exit at the side of the back door slows down? That would be positive. But if things stay as they are today, I would expect that it's going to be very hard to get -- it should be very hard to get some kind of growth rate in our lines in the fourth that we have in the third. Now, that having been said, that doesn't mean I don't think we're going to do it. I don't think you could get 3% or 4%, frankly, in the market, I just don't think you can get it. The market is only growing 2%, so this notion that banks are going to grow loans faster than the GDP is kind of an interesting conclusion to reach. And so, I think, it's going to be tough in the marketplace. But don't forget, Betsy, we have these really positive unusual niches. I mean, we're going to put more emphasis, not on cutting price, not on taking more risk, we're going to put a lot more emphasis, because of how difficult it is in the marketplace, on our Specialized Lending strategies, on own our wealth strategy, on our Community Banking strategy in Texas, on our national Corporate Banking strategy. So when we say modest, we use that word to hedge a bit, to be honest. But if I'd bet today, I'd bet it would be in the 2% to 3% range. It won't be 5% or 6%. And I think it will be because of what we got in these areas are defined.
Kelly S. King: Yes, Betsy. It wasn't specifically RWA. It was the inherent risk today, frankly, from a regulatory perspective in terms of that class of lending, we -- the Specialized Consumer Lending business. And we are just concerned about where that's going forward. And the cost increases that go with servicing that kind of portfolio in this new regulatory environment are enormous. And so when you get through forecasting all of that, the risk-adjusted return and risk being broadly defined, Betsy, is just not -- it was just not an acceptable investment opportunity for us.
Kelly S. King: Yes, so my view about the long-term loan growth is dependent on one thing -- and I know I say this quarter-after-quarter, but it just happens to be the truth. And that is that when we get a return to certainty and more confidence, primarily based on changes in Washington, obviously, we got a positive change last night, hopefully we'll get a positive change over the next 60 days. Let's just assume for the moment we get some positive changes out of Washington, then I think, to be honest, you could see a number of years of above trend-line growth in the economy and above trend-line growth in loan opportunities. Because business people, when you talk to them and I -- before I get to travel around a lot and I talk to 500, 600 business CEOs every year, they really haven't invested on the margin for 5 years, and they definitely need and want to invest. And so, the minute they feel a sense of confidence returning, then I think you'll see a lot of planned expansions, equipment renewals, rolling stock replacements, that's going to really, really benefit particularly small and middle market, where we are really solidly entrenched. And so, again, if you make that proviso, in terms of change in D.C., then my optimism over the next 3 to 5 years is going to be really bullish.
Kelly S. King: Kevin, on the whole CCAR capital M&A question. Now, we think the CCAR process is going to be relatively normalized this year. And so we don't expect any substantial events around that. There is still though this downward pressure in terms of banks, in terms of dividend payout rates as -- that is kind of out there, and so it's -- it will be challenging to raise dividends at a high level because, for us, as you you'd -- we already have a very high level in terms of payout and dividend yield, et cetera. So that really kind of puts us back to raising our priorities with regard to buybacks/M&A. Today, there's no M&A activity practically possible. The sellers' prices are too high, but most the buyers, they're just kind of waiting for more certainty around the regulatory environment. I personally think that kind of fades as we go through the next year or so. And I think there will be a number of M&A opportunities out there. And we certainly have a long list of partners that we would like to join up with. In the meantime, though -- as I mentioned at a recent conference, that's -- all of that put together, certainly raises the probability of BB&T with regard to buybacks given our relatively strong capital level as we go forward.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Erica, this is Daryl. If you look at the third quarter, we had approximately $40 million of extra one-time costs in our numbers this quarter. I would say, about half of that will probably come out of our expense base for the next quarter or 2. The other half is going to take some time over a couple of years as we get through the system conversions and then we probably get to leverage that, and actually get some benefit after we do full conversions and undo what we had in place before that. So I think we'll get a little relief. But as Kelly said, I think efficiency is really driven on the revenue side. Next year, we have, really, the last year of really the meaningful purchase accounting benefits from Colonial; so that will come out of the numbers for the next 3 to 4 quarters. And after that, it's really just growing the core company and the organic piece of the business.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So if you look at both GAAP margin and core margin, core margin, as I said in my comments, is going to come down approximately 6 basis points due to the sale of one of our lending subsidiaries. The GAAP margin will probably be down closer to 10 basis points on a GAAP basis. From a core basis, thereafter, we're going to be relatively flat. We've been basically relatively flat on core margin for the last year. I think we'll stay probably relatively flat for the rest of next year. But you still have the run out of the purchase accounting. So if we're at 3.68% right now we'll probably end '14 around 3.40%. And at that point, there's very little spread difference between our GAAP margin and our core margin, no more than 10 basis points there. And then, going forward, then there's not a whole lot of purchase accounting left in the numbers.
Daryl N. Bible: So on the mortgages, ARMs, we did see a big increase in mortgage loan activity this past quarter. I mean, you can see that the portfolio in mortgages was relatively flat, it didn't run off. We're mainly putting on, for the most part, shorter ARMs, more in that 3 and 5 1 ARMs. And if you look at the lifetime spreads of these, it's probably 1% to 1.5% versus our cost of funds.
Daryl N. Bible: C&I, if you look at it, it's down about 20 basis points. We're about 2 10 from the previous quarter. We're seeing pressure in all segments, whether it's large, medium and small.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, we had a one-time catch-up. There's a Dodd-Frank tax that we basically booked this quarter, it was basically 7 quarters worth of a catch-up. So it was about $6 million one-time increase. It should be back into the mid-30s next quarter.
Daryl N. Bible: I believe so. Maybe down a little bit as credit quality continues to improve. But it -- we've had a good run on that, so far.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So spreads did come down this quarter. There is some change with the variable comp, you said it's probably a 20% to 25% relationship versus the revenue in the mortgage business. I think as we get through QM that Ricky talked about, then we will rightsize our business in 2014 to whatever volume we see at that point. We're in the midst of basically moving a lot of production that was in our Direct Retail channel into the mortgage company, and that's going on as we speak right now. And once we finish that conversion and get through that, then we'll get into '14, we'll see what the activity is in the mortgage area, and then we'll rightsize accordingly.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. I mean, if we didn't have the sale of that subsidiary, our core margin would be within 1 or 2 basis points. I mean, our core margin is holding in there pretty well. But the subsidiary we saw had higher-yielding loans and it also had higher provisions and other higher costs, so the net number is not a big give-up. But from a margin perspective, that's why it's going to cost us about 6 basis points in the core.
Daryl N. Bible: Okay, Kevin. I'll take the first part of that question. I think if you look at the seasonality in insurance versus what's happening in mortgage, we're going to net benefit in the fourth quarter. So we should definitely have higher fee income versus third quarter. We might also have a couple of other one-time gains associated in the first quarter. But even excluding those gains, I think our net fees will be better.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Matt. On the deposit cost side, we will break under 30 basis points next quarter, and they'll probably linger in the high- to mid-20s, probably, that's kind of the bottom for deposit costs. As we have maturities in our debt and we basically put on new debt, we definitely will reprice our debt cost down from where we are today. So I do think that is an opportunity, should be an opportunity throughout '14 as well.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, if you look at our chart that we have in our deck, you could see up 100 basis points -- our net interest income, over a 12-month period, will be up a little less than 2%, and up 200 basis points to a little less than 3%. And that -- you have to really know what's behind there, because there's a lot of key assumptions in there. Our 2 key drivers for rate sensitivity is really how quickly we will reprice our deposits and how sticky are our deposits, because we've had really good growth in our deposits there. We feel that our assumptions that we have in both categories are very conservative, and this reflects pretty good performance for a given rate change and could potentially have some upside if we don't move as quickly as what we have modeled in our rate-sensitivity models.
Clarke R. Starnes: John, this is Clarke Starnes. We think it could be. We -- as we've said in the deck, there is some modest opportunity to outperform that number. We did see really strong recoveries in the third quarter. In fact, in the commercial ADC area, we were in a net recovery position for that whole sub-portfolio, so we are beginning to see some of that. We do have a big mix of consumer finance businesses though with higher normalized losses, so we're not going to see continued reduction there. So overall, we think we can certainly operate within the low end of the normalized range with some ability to outperform over the next several quarters if we continue to see those strong recovery rates.
Clarke R. Starnes: Ryan, this is Clarke. Certainly, we feel very good about the reserve levels we have now. And ultimately, the level of reserve is going to be contingent upon what that credit trajectory is. So I would say, from where I sit today in our outlook, we could see some additional improvement or reduction in the reserve levels if these trends continued. However, I would just say, as we look out beyond, I think reserve releases and the pace would have to moderate, just given what we see.
Clarke R. Starnes: It's a great question. Right now, we still think it holds. Again, I think, it's primarily based on our view of what our mix is. We still have, as Kelly said, a big opportunity in our Specialized Lending area and those have higher normalized loses, lower stress loss experience. And so, just given the mix that we're trying to originate to, we think the 55 to 75 is appropriate. However, as you come through recovery in a cycle, it's not abnormal to go under that range for a while. So we see some opportunity, but we still feel comfortable with our long-term range.
Clarke R. Starnes: It's a very good question, Keith. We do think about that a lot. Certainly, our position on reserves is based upon the models we run and the judgment applied based on that process around the risk levels at the time of the reporting. So we really haven't changed our process at all, it was very disciplined and consistent there. But just thinking about it, I think the regulators are prudent in their fleshing about how fast some of the reserve releases are in the industry. And I think we do have to listen to them. And we do -- and just be cautious and prudent as we come through this recovery that we don't overshoot it and release too much. And so we think about that a lot in our process and feel very good about where we are.
Clarke R. Starnes: It's a great question, Matt. Now if you look at it kind of on a common quarter basis, our loss rates, even though there's movement within that group in the mix, overall loss rates are about the same as they were last year. And one of the things we really like about these businesses is that, while they certainly have higher risk elements, it's a more predictable normalized level of risk. So the -- and you're able to price for that, so we just don't have the volatility generally in those businesses that you might even expect. So for that reason, the provisioning is fairly steady in those businesses. So I think the biggest factor in what actual dollar level of provision will be the growth rates in those businesses. So we do expect those businesses to grow faster than the core bank. And accordingly, we would expect the provision expense to be higher on a dollar basis as the growth rate goes up. But on a relative basis, be pretty consistent.
Clarke R. Starnes: Gerard, this is Clarke, those are great questions. I'll take them separately. The Regional Acceptance business is a non-prime, national-based, auto-financed business. And their business model is around -- they really target large MSAs with large auto sales, and so it's very calculated, data-driven analysis on where we go to market. And then what we do, once we've determined it's a good market play, we do hire experienced people that have dealer relationships in those markets. So on the sourcing side, we have very good certainty about the relationships they have. We're not sending our people into strange territories and then we have very disciplined strict analytics around the risk management and the underwriting. So it's a very predictable model that we've used for years and years. We've actually been in California before, so this is not a new entry there, just new offices. As far as our Dealer Finance growth, in general, that's really on the prime auto side. And so, I would just say this, we've been more aggressive on the pricing side as far as the growth opportunity there. We're more conservative on our terms, so our advanced rates and our weighted average term and that sort of thing is going to be very conservative relative to industry, so we've chosen to compete a little more on spread and definitely not on risk.
