Daryl Bible: Yes. So, Ken, what I would tell you is, is that we are still on the uptick in our merger and MOE-related expenses. We are just going through the developing phases of that. Testing starts in the first quarter as we start with kit testing and then we go onto UAT testing as we get ready for client day one in early part of 2022. So, I would say, we're still on the uptick there. To-date, since we announced the transaction in February '19, we have about $1.5 billion of combined MRRC and MOE-related expenses. And at that time, we said we would be at $2 billion. I don't have a number of what it is going yet. We will probably give that to you in January. We will probably exceed that number sometime in the first quarter, the $2 billion number. I want to give you a number and make sure we hit the number that I gave you in our earnings call in January from that standpoint. So, we're coming through figuring all that out, and we'll get back to you on that. But, I would say, we'll still stay elevated for the next several quarters as we -- and we have thousands and thousands of people right now working on hundreds of systems, getting them ready, getting them tested. And we just got to make sure this is flawless. And we have to be -- have a great client experience, we have to make sure everything goes right. It costs a little bit of money. You have to remember, Ken, on this, we chose to choose the better of the two when we had our choices. We didn't take the easy way out and just convert everything all one way or the other. So, for a commercial platform, we chose to use the heritage BB&T servicing system, AFS, coupled with the heritage SunTrust and CNO piece. That takes a lot more time, a lot more complexity. But, when we get it done, we will be so far better. We're doing it in the retail banking platform as well where we have the BB&T heritage deposit system, coupled with heritage SunTrust automated teller. Again, more complexity. But when we get through all this in '22, we will be light years ahead of most of our peers because of what we're doing from that. So, it's the right thing to do. It costs a lot of money to do it. We're going to do it right and we're going to execute.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, Michael, I'll take the PCD question, then I'll pick to Clarke, and he can maybe answer the accommodation piece of it. So on the PCD, remember, when we closed in December, we closed under the -- now what I would say, old accounting method where we had to set up PCI. When CECL came in into January, we went from PCI to PCD. In that process, we went through -- we grossed up loans and carrying values in connection with the establishment of PCD of our best estimates. As we -- as the year played out, what we realized is we grossed up the loans, and we should have not gross them up to the full value. They should have been today charged off from that perspective. So, it was an adjustment that we made this quarter. We think we've gone through the book, and we've caught everything there. So, in essence, we would have just had a different number in the first quarter when we got our CECL numbers. But, it was an adjustment that we made. It's a noncash item. And we had really good charge-off. If you exclude that $29 million we had good charge-off, even if you add that in, it’s $42 million. Both beat guidance.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, Gerard, so our current duration of our portfolio because of prepayment speeds picked up were just a tad over 3 years right now, 3.1. But, they do have negative convexities. So, it is -- can move in and out from that perspective. What I would say is, that we are in the midst of moving some more of our liquidity that we have -- in fact, we have a little over $30 billion at the Fed. Currently, we are moving that over, some of it this quarter, maybe more of it into early next year. We are layering in some hedges. Now, I would tell you, the hedges that we're putting on are pay fixed hedges. We're buying mortgage back, which as you know, has cash flows that paid out over the life of those assets. The way FASB has approved a hedge accounting on this, it's only allowed to use bullet swaps. They do have a task force that they are working on, trying to look for other ways to allow for this -- it's called last layer of hedging, and we're hopeful that we'll be able to put on a little stronger hedges. But the hedges we're putting on will mute some of the OCI volatility. If they get come through and allow us to use maybe amortizing swaps instead of just bullet swaps, that would significantly improve the performance of those hedges. So, we're hopeful about that. But, we are trying to hedge it the best that we can. Right now the costs of these pay fixed swaps are really low at 12 basis points. So it doesn't really impact it. So, we are in the midst of moving over. I always look at it as an opportunity cost right now. We could have lower rates for the next three years. That's what's in the forecast, five years, you just don't know. And I think it's good to be deployed. The way I would think of it, though is that if rates were to go up or we started to lose some of the search deposits, our cash flows from this investment portfolio we're building could be easily $10 billion a quarter. So, we could just not reinvest. If we have strong loan growth, we could use that cash flow to deploy into loan growth. So, it gives us a lot more flexibility, a lot more optionality. And it also helps protect our margin and help run rate. You pay us to run our company and do what we think is best. We think this is a good balanced approach to managing the company.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, I would tell you, we had a good drop in deposit cost this past quarter. We still think we have room to go there. So, our interest-bearing costs are 15%. My guess is over the next quarter or two, will be single digit. I think, that's just the direction that we're headed right now. I think that's a possibility. I think that will help. I think, as we can grow some of our consumer portfolio successfully, that will help mitigate some of our core margin. You have higher yields in those portfolios, and that would definitely help as we were able to be successful in growing that. And the other thing I would just tell you is that we are doing everything we can to protect our core margin and try to grow as much as we can to offset the runoff. The runoff of purchase accounting is a little bit -- it's hard to predict. It depends on how the loans pay down on that. My guess right now is that it be down 3% to 5% right now, but you really don't know what's going to come through from that. You just have to do the best that you can with what's running off from that. But with PPP coming out over the next couple of quarters, that will help keep core margin probably in the 270s, and that will help mitigate the reduction of GAAP to what, depending how much you get PPP pay downs. Our guess is the bulk of our pay-downs will come in the first quarter or maybe second quarter. We'll get some this quarter. Recall, our company has about $12.5 billion of PPP loans on the books. We are planning to have invitations sent to all of our clients in the month of November, so they will all get invitations. How quickly they can respond with the documentation and we submit it to SBA is just a huge process. That's why we're thinking it's more centered in the first half of '21 than in this quarter, but you don't really know. It's an unknown right now.
Daryl Bible: So Mike, I'll start with that, and others can help me finish the answer. So, I'll start with -- we have five buckets of cost savings. You started with the branch system. So, we are closing 104 branches, as I said in my prepared remarks, in the December-January time frame. I also said that we're looking at opportunities to pull forward some other branch closures in 2021. We aren't at the stage yet to announce exactly what we're going to do there. But, we did give you an indication that there is a possibility, and we wouldn't have said that if it wasn't a strong reality that we're going to pull forward a significant piece of some branch closures in 2021. We'll give you that once we are able to do that. If you look at our third-party spend, the third-party providers, to date, right now, with -- dealing with vendors, our sourcing and procurement teams have basically realized $266 million of savings from that. We think that run rate translates into about $300 million in 2021. They are not at their goals yet. They're still trying to get more savings. We think that will occur over the next year or so. We hope those numbers will exceed $400 million before it's all said and done from a run rate perspective. As contracts come up, as we redeploy, we're still going through the process of negotiating contracts with an end provider of these services that we are having right now. So everything can be fully negotiated yet. Next one would be in our non-branch facilities. We talked about that in our last earnings call. We have 29 million square feet outstanding, if you add branches and non-branches out there. We talked about potentially taking 5 million square feet out in our non-branch areas this next year. We said the average cost of that on a gross basis was $30 a square foot. There will be a little bit of investment come back as we refit under the socially distanced areas and all that for the buildings that are surviving. We have branches that will probably have another 2 million to 3 million square feet there. So, we'll be close to 20 million square feet probably by the end of 2021 in our company from that perspective. So, that's a third that we're taking out very aggressively, very quickly. The fourth area is in technology. I talked about it in the prepared remarks. We're just now getting in the midst of getting through conversions. We've done some small conversions, not client facing, and we started to decommission systems, started to get systems there. We just did a conversion in those area in capital markets, large corporate area and all that stuff. So, those savings are going to be captured. As we get through conversions in the first quarter in Joe's area with wealth and broker dealer that we have there in that, one is in the first quarter, the other one is second quarter. It takes probably three to six months before we get through and get those systems decommissioned. Scott has plans to -- we don't need 4 data centers right now. We're going to end up with a couple of data centers at the end of the day. That will probably be a '22 savings. So, we will get those savings. It's just a matter of when we are able to get those closed and get everything transferred. And the last one on personnel. If you look at our FTEs, every quarter, they have been falling in FTEs that we pulled forward FTEs. As we go through these conversions, we're going to have continued FTE closures. I mean, we don't need as much of areas on the support side as we go through these conversions and get things finalized. So, there's a lot to come. We are not backing down from the $1.6 billion. We aren't backing down from the timing, where we're going to come through on target like we said we were, and this is just a way of doing it.
Daryl Bible: So, for the third quarter, we're probably around 35%, give or take. We're still targeting 40% in the fourth quarter. The guidance that we gave is in the middle of that range that I gave you there, so plus or minus on that side of that. For the end of fourth quarter of '21, we're still at 65% of the $1.6 billion, and then the whole $1.6 billion by the end of 2022. So, we are not changing the timing of that.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, what I would say, when we talked about this last quarter, our estimate hasn't really changed and that we still think 75% of it will pay off with this forgiveness piece. That's a guesstimate. We really don't know. We are, like I said earlier, sending invitations out to everybody from that. For this fourth quarter, of that 75%, we're probably around 20%, but a shot in the dark of what actually might get paid off. We really don't know the timing. If you look at the news that came out last week from the SBA and the two-pager for the $50,000 and less, the numbers on that is out of our 80,000 clients, we have 45,000 clients that are $50,000 or less, but it only represents 7% of the dollars. So, it's a huge volume piece. So hopefully, a lot of that -- most of that will probably get processed very quickly. But, we've actually gone through and done some forgiveness on a limited basis, just to learn the process. And we've actually gotten paid from the SBA on a couple. So, we're learning and gearing up, and we're getting ready to do it holistically out to everybody at once, once we got the processes all lined up. So, we're gearing up for that. We think the first quarter, Saul, will be our biggest quarter. Right now, the estimate is around 60% and the rest would be in second quarter. But you really don't know. I mean, it's timing of it is -- it's a pure shot in the dark, but that's what's in our numbers right now.
Daryl Bible: There's risk. I mean, if it's less than 20, we may miss 4; if it's more than 20, we may exceed 4. But that will be the only end [indiscernible] other variables. But that is an assumption that plays out, absolutely, there. Maybe the other thing you have to think about, Saul -- sorry, when can you realize it just. Because somebody sends it in, do you realize it, when they send it in or when actually they get the dollars wired back into us? So, we're working with our external auditors and the timing of when we recognize that payoffs.
Daryl Bible: My guess is that the core margin without PPP is probably in the high 260s right now. That would be my guess, maybe still 270. I mean, it all depends on what Kelly said, the loan growth, the ability to grow the higher yielding portfolios and really get a mix change. If we could just mix, invest some of the excess liquidity that we have in loans versus securities or Fed balances, that's a really positive way to help your core margin. It's just a matter of trying to get the loan volume to support that.
Kelly King: So, Ken, we still feel confident over the long term and the original expectation of low 20s ROTCE. Remember, we're already very, very strong in the environment that we're in today. And as Daryl described, we're really just getting started in terms of getting the long-term investment -- investments made and related expense reductions that will follow. And then, of course, you've got all the revenue synergies that I alluded to. So, we are very, very good about that. Obviously, we'll ebb and flow some based on the economy. But, that's still a reasonable number for Q4.
Kelly King: So, Mike, we're really happy to be at 10%. And as you know, we have said that, that was our target. So, that's a very comfortable position. As we think about it going forward, it's really a function of, of course, when we're actually able to do buybacks and dividend increases. But, the way we think about it is about risk projection. And so, if we look forward and we feel like the economy has stabilized and growing, if we look forward in terms of the pandemic, it's under control, and we can feel comfortable in terms of a projected relatively stable, less volatile, growing revenue streams, then we'll feel comfortable in terms of turning back on buybacks and considering dividend increases. I'd say, today, it's just premature. We just don't know what we don't know. And to go out there today and try to make those kind of assumptions, I think, is shooting in the dark. I do think as we head into next year, we'll see clarity with regard to the pandemic. We'll see clarity with regard to the economy. As I said earlier, I think the chance is that economy will still be better than the most things. So, there's a decent chance we'll have that decision to make as we head into the, let's call it, first half of next year. But today, it's just a tad premature.
Kelly King: Well, Gerard, that's something else, we don't know. But I think today that some of course have already gone away. I mean, they couldn't -- for whatever reason, they couldn't qualify by the stimulus. They chose not to. They just threw in the towel. But that's a small percentage. Most have been buoyed by the stimulus support, PPP and other loan assistance programs. As that begins to phase out, these businesses will have tougher decisions to make. But, I'll tell you that a lot of these small businesses are pretty creative. I mean, they're pretty resilient. And so, I wouldn't expect to see a majority of small businesses fold or anywhere close to that. I think, most are going to find ways to reinvent their business. It's incredible how smart all business people are. That -- basically, my whole career, and they're pretty tough group. So, I wouldn't write them off. I'm just saying that it has gone into the second quarter and [indiscernible] someone back out buying again, and we will see a shakeout. Here's the thing today, consumer purchases are back up. The credit card activity, I mean, it's up year-over-year. So, it went through a trough. It's back up year-over-year. So, they're buying, but buying in different ways. So, what these small businesses have to do is figure out whether it's carryout or dine out in the backyard or whatever it is if you're a restaurant. The creative ones will figure it out. Some won't be able to figure it out, and they'll have to find another career. But, I think that all will begin to be clear, Gerard, as we head into the second quarter.
Kelly King: Well, a couple of other things. Keep in mind that our people have been very successful in terms of floors with regard to new loans and existing renewals. The other thing is that if the economy comes back faster, which I think it may, there's going to be a substantial pent-up demand for expansions. And so, we will see an increase in loan demand for, I call it, normally priced loans, which will be a plus to grow the NIM. So a couple of things there could really help us on NIM in addition to what Daryl said.
Kelly King: One of the things, kind of interesting -- so to your point, if everything were precise, as I understand it, the economy performs as we expected in terms of our CECL projections, rates are as we projected, so our net present value is the same as projected, if all of that would happen, it would be a hands down correlation between reserve reductions productions and [indiscernible] But as Clarke said, it's not going to be 100% correlation. And the other thing is, and I hope this is not true, but do we get any pressure from the regulators to hold theirs up even though all the math and all the concepts say should be coming down? We've not heard think about that, but that's how the way it goes.
Kelly King: And Mike, just to amplify, your question is a good one. It's appropriate about the branches. But two points. Up to this point, we have been cautious in terms of closing branches because we want to have -- we wanted to have maximum availability for our clients. Keep in mind that we've had to basically close down the lobbies. And now, we're fortunate about 98-plus percent of our branches have drive-thrus. So, our drive-thrus have been open throughout. For the last several months, we've had in-branch activity based on phones [ph] only. We just opened up this week like 1,500 branches full-service and the lobbies. So, once we get the branches back to kind of normal and our client service capability is back to normal, then, we will be more aggressive in terms of the closings. Because we have a large number of branches that are literally side to side, actually, in many cases, sharing the many parking lot, and our people, as Daryl alluded, are literally in the process of developing an aggressive plan with regard to that. So, don't hear us say we're not going to be best in with regard with branch closures. But, we're not just going to announce it today because they're literally in the process of putting final touches on what it's going to look like.
Clarke Starnes: Clarke? Thanks, Daryl. Hey, Michael. As far as the sensitive entry, you see on the slide there we've got in the deck, we had a nice couple of billion dollar reduction this quarter. It's been a very-targeted effort to work with those borrowers and reduce the exposure. So, I would say the highlights of the quarter there is we worked very aggressively to get a handle on, particularly in the energy portfolio and hospitality side. We actually sold $300 million worth of hotel credits at pretty good pricing and also address good bit of the energy book. So to give you some context, nonperformers in that portfolio of sensitive industries are still less than 100 basis points. And we have less than 2% of those balances there in any kind of accommodation or deferral. So, I consider really strong progress, and we'll continue to watch that closely, and it's all considered in our reserves as well.
Clarke Starnes: John, this is -- yes, this is Clarke. I'll answer that, John. On the delinquency side, we typically see, in consumer anyway, some elevated early stage as you go through the second half of the year. So, third quarter is going up a little bit, part of that seasonal. You'll see a lot of it's concentrated in the government-guaranteed portfolios around student and mortgage. So, if you take that out, particularly for your 90-plus, that was the majority there. It was flat otherwise. So, again, nothing alarming at this point. We anticipate part of that each year. And to your second question, all of that is considered as we go through our modeling and our allowance and our view of the scenarios that we selected. So, yes, I think we've assumed there will be further deterioration as we move forward. This is very likely. And that's all been included in our estimate to date.
Clarke Starnes: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then Daryl or Kelly can kick in. I mean certainly, Betsy, we think it's premature to be talking about releases right now, given the environment. So, I think you'll see in our estimate this quarter we've been, I think, prudent around considering there's still a lot of economic uncertainty around whether there'll be any more stimulus, what the ultimate outcome of these accommodations are and just pace of the recovery. So, I think for us, we would want to be sure we have much better clarity there and see the economy on very firm ground and client performance be at a really strong level before I think you see us consider releases.
Clarke Starnes: No, no, I think, you said it well, Daryl. I think, it's very granular by segment, and that segment analysis in our view of the economy and the impact on all of that does allow us to adjust the estimate as needed. And so, you could have differences quarter-to-quarter by those different segments. And that could impact the level of the estimate.
Saul Martinez: Good morning. Following up a little bit on NII, Daryl, Ken. Daryl, what is embedded in your fourth quarter core NIM -- reported NIM guidance for PPP forgiveness, if anything? And can you just remind us or give us an update as to what you are thinking right now for forgiveness rates over, I guess, the next three quarters? And, any color on what the sort of the fee rate is on that forgiveness because, obviously, it does move the needle a bit on NII with that accelerated forgiveness.
Saul Martinez: Right. And I know it's more tilted towards the first quarter. But, does your fourth quarter guidance explicitly incorporate that 20% forgiveness in certain fee rate on top of that? I know I'm getting a little bit nitpicky here, but if we kind of strip that out -- yes. Okay.
Saul Martinez: Just one final quickie, just absolutely, just want to make sure. The guidance for expenses and revenue, that is based on the adjusted noninterest expense number of 3,147 and incorporates the adjusted noninterest income, I guess, of 2,106. Just want to clarify that.
