Brad Milsaps: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist's first quarter 2024 earnings call. With us today are our Chairman and CEO, Bill Rogers; our CFO, Mike Maguire; and our Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer, Clarke Starnes, as well as other members of Truist's Senior Management team. During this morning's call, they will discuss Truist's first-quarter results, share their perspective on current business conditions, and provide an updated outlook for 2024. The accompanying presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist Investor Relations website, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on slides two and three of the presentation regarding these statements and measures, as well as the appendix for appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. With that, I will turn it over to Bill.
Brad Milsaps: Thank you, Bill. Jamie, at this time will you please explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session. As you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourselves to one primary question and one follow-up, in order that we may accommodate as many of you as possible today on the call.
Brad Milsaps: Okay. Thank you, Jamie. That completes our earnings call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free-to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest in Truist. We hope you have a great day. Jamie, you may now disconnect the call.
Mike Maguire: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. Look, I mean -- we're certainly taking a look at the market rate environment and I'd say just the framework that we shared back in February, we remain committed to, right? And, so we laid out a set of objectives that spanned maintaining a relative capital position, at least replacing the earnings from TIH, we also have ambitions around advancing our liquidity and ALM position. So the rate environment and we talked about that in February is a touch different than what we're looking at today, but we think still, you know, actionable and so we -- our plans to evaluate repositioning after we complete the sale are still intact. I mean, if you look at the short-end of the curve, certainly, we see probably a little bit of benefit relative to what we talked about from a cash reinvestment perspective, and the same goes if you think about reinvestment rates on the bonds, but on the other hand, you do have the trade-off of a slightly higher realized loss in that instance.
Mike Maguire: Yes. I mean, a lot of it obviously is from market improvement, but as you noted, I mean, we've been investing in this business for quite some time, particularly over the last several years. You know, our existing team has really set horizon to the challenge. They're working really great with the commercial team. So we're seeing all the pull-through from our franchise, we've brought 30 plus new MDs into our -- into our business. So these are teammates with great expertise and great access. So I think it's a combination of all those things and we're really confident. I mean, we're confident heading into the second quarter and the rest of the year about the momentum in this business.
Mike Maguire: Yes. It's Mike, as you know that does not include TIH repositioning. So we still have to say all this in the same setup [Multiple Speakers]
Mike Maguire: Yes. I mean, look, we -- one of the benefits of operating in such attractive high-growth markets is they're attractive to others as well. And so it's always been a competitive marketplace for us. But I don't think we're seeing -- I would -- what I would describe as irrational behavior in the market. I think we're at a little unusual moment in the cycle being as high as we are for as long as we've been here. And so you're seeing a variety of strategies, but by and large, I think people are all trying to solve the same problem we are, which is when will we perhaps see some relief on the rate side. Meanwhile, we're really just focused on supporting our clients, right? So we've got the right products we think, and the right client experiences. And we're going to pay a competitive rate to defend the relationships that you would expect us to defend.
Mike Maguire: Yes, that's right. In the guide we gave for Q2 is sort of ex any cash or ex any potential benefit from a repositioning. So that's down 2% to 3% is I think what you're asking for at least in the quarter. And we do believe that the second quarter will be a trough for us. So if you think about the third quarter, a, I think we'll get a touch of benefit just on the, a, our baseline has us getting a cut in June. And if you think about the third quarter, maybe a cut and a half if you get September -- early September also. So you got to cut in a half, you've got one extra day in the third quarter and maybe a touch of a larger balance sheet if we start to see a little bit of loan growth come through. So we see some modest improvement in Q3 and the same -- and the same in Q4 sort of a baseline path. I think fewer cuts puts a little bit of pressure on that, but I think we still expect 2Q to be a trough from an NII perspective regardless.
Mike Maguire: The first question, that's right, Mike. The guidance really for the year-end, and specifically, you asked for the quarter does not include the benefit of the cash. We do expect the cash proceeds after tax to be about $10.1 billion. You know you can pick your forward curve deployment rate, but I think you're in the ballpark. And then your second question was what would be the tangible book value per share improvement from the sale, I think was the question and that would be by roughly, roughly a third.
Mike Maguire: Yes. Well, Ebrahim, what I was talking about was sort of a continuing ops guide, so ex the incremental cash. So we feel like there'd be downside, right? So our 4% to 5% contemplates three cuts baseline, but fewer cuts as well to the low side. I think if you added the cash, you're right, that would add asset sensitivity and that would just sort of transform our NII trajectory broadly. Obviously, when that asset sensitivity comes onto the balance sheet, we'll manage that consistent with how we've managed rate risk in the past, which is we will probably add some receivers to manage against lower rates longer. I think I answered your question, which is the guide is continuing ops ex-cash. We think the 4% to 5% has that in the cash and any repositioning benefit would be on top of that.
Mike Maguire: Hey, Matt, it's Mike. I'll take a swing at that one. This is -- it's one that tough to get on the record on as you know, I think others are probably in the same boat. I think the good news for Truist is we find ourselves at least once we get our TIH transaction completed in a really strong I think on a relative and absolute basis capital position. You know, with the rules still in a proposal stage, I think it's really hard for us to determine exactly what a target might be. I think we do find ourselves in a position right now of some amount of excess capital. It's impossible to understand exactly what that level would be. But the good news again is, we do have the confidence in our current level such that we can shift from sort of a phase where we've been conserving capital to a phase where we're deploying capital and optimizing that capital and putting it to work and whether that's in the core balance sheet, which would be our first priority is to grow client relationships and balances and make money the old-fashioned way. You know, we obviously been clear that we think there's -- we have the capacity to evaluate a repositioning of the balance sheet. And of course, Bill has been pretty direct about our ambitions around buying back stock. So don't have a target for you, but our sort of tone and mindset and planning is oriented around growth.
Mike Maguire: Yes. Hey, Vivek, it's Mike. I'll take it. In February, what we laid out was sort of an even redeployment into cash and securities. I think even that I think was hypothetical as you can imagine, we are keeping an eye on the market and thinking about the trade-offs around different, whether it'd be mortgages or treasuries and cash. So, I think we'll get that mix right and we'll be guided on not just earnings. Obviously, we have an objective of shortening the balance sheet and improving our, you know our readiness around what we think will be more rigorous liquidity requirements over time. And so that's actually one of the great benefits of this transaction or this collection of potential transactions is, it's not just about capital. This really does move us forward more broadly.
Bill Rogers: I'll go into the others, and as you said, John, I mean, we're in a different rate environment, so we'll evaluate all the other alternatives that exist with that, and there's some things that have some shorter paybacks that I think should be evaluated in that alternative. And then also we have some tax efficiency as it relates to this. So we have some unique components of doing this in line with the TIH sale. And then you mentioned sort of what are the other capital deployment options? You know obviously, the first and foremost for us is growth in our business. I mean sort of investing in our business. You saw in this quarter some of the things we did on the consumer side where we leaned in a little bit. Quite frankly, we think some of the margins are still strong in those businesses. So that, what we're adding is a little more accretive than it would have been in the past. The risk profile has been strong. So we have the capacity to dial some of that up on the consumer side. And then on the wholesale side, just our relevance is more important. So what we're -- we don't want to give up all the discipline. We created a lot of discipline around pricing and around structure and again, what we're adding today is much more accretive. So we'll continue to pursue opportunities in our markets and through our industry verticals and we've got good momentum in that front. And then lastly, on the share repurchase side, we're going to--we'll be back in the share repurchase business, that will be part of the portfolio. As I mentioned before, we're going to do all this with pace. So I think it would be -- you know, reasonable to assume we'll have some type of meaningful share repurchase sort of -- sort of short, medium-term, and then longer-term, and just a more durable consistent share repurchase plan. So it's a combination of all those things factored into the equation, which give us, as I said before a lot of optimism about being able to improve those returns short-term, importantly, but most importantly over the long-term.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. And I did note it because it's a little bit different. So in the fourth quarter, we started seeing pipelines decrease a little bit. And here in the first quarter, we've seen pipelines improve, particularly on the commercial side. You know, how they get to execution and how they get to finalization will depend on a lot of market conditions. But the good news is clients are -- they're having the discussions, they're having the debate about the new warehouse or the new fleet of trucks the things that they want to do to continue to expand their businesses. But most importantly, we're just more relevant. I mean, we're just more relevant in those discussions. I mean, the activity that we've been able to create in terms of new relationships, I mean, almost 60% of the activity that we added in the quarter were new relationships. So new to Truist. So I think a lot of it's at pitch activity is up, all the things we're doing, new left leads are up. So I think it's some combination of a little bit of the markets that we operate, probably a little more optimistic than the rest of the country. Our investments that we've made, products, capabilities, and our overall relevance with our clients. So we're talking to them about things they want to listen to, they want to talk about, and I think we're just better-positioned than we've ever been.
Bill Rogers: Yes, exactly. Yes, so on the auto side, maybe to compare and contrast, it's not rack for us, it's sort of our core prime auto business in terms of growth. And again, just being able to be a little more relevant to our dealers, and creating a little more capacity, you’ve seen lots of changes from people in and out of the auto side. We like the consistency of it. And again, we have a deep strong relationships with lots of dealers and this just adds to that portfolio. And then on the corporate side, same thing on the -- if the question was related to the risk profile, similar kind of risk profile, I mean, we're -- we created, as I said, a lot of discipline over the last year in terms of we were optimizing capital and we want to continue to do that. So the same expectations that we have for full relationships, the same expectations we have for our risk profile. So I think everything we're adding is just more accretive than what we were adding before based on our capabilities.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Scott, you made it easy for me. Those are the answers. So for us, we had five cuts back in January. I think the market had six. We're looking now at 3%. I think the market has 2% or fewer, frankly. And so I think maybe one nuance to our outlook is that we believe that sort of 4% to 5% manages three cuts or even fewer cuts than 3%. So perhaps worth noting there. And then beyond just the curve , we have just -- and I think our expectation in January, we were six months from the last hike and here we now sit at nine months, and we probably had an expectation that there'd be a touch less churn and pressure on pricing and mix on the liabilities portfolio side. So those are the two factors. And then, of course, we're seeing some strength on the fee side. So put that in the blender and 4% to 5% feels right.
Bill Rogers: It's also, Scott, why we focus on net new. So in addition to, sort of, the pricing within our existing portfolio, we want to make sure we're adding net new accounts. So our rate of acquisition has been really strong, and our rate of attrition has been improved. So those are important barometers for us to sort of look at the overall health of the franchise and our relative competitive positioning.
Bill Rogers: Yes. I don't think there's been any particular pull forward. This was a particularly strong M&A quarter. M&A is a little less predictable on a quarter-on-quarter basis. But I think as we look sort of, if we're thinking short-term like next quarter, next couple of quarters, I mean, this seems to be a pace that we're operating at right now in terms of our momentum in pipelines.
Bill Rogers: Thanks, Mike. So just to be clear in our mission statement, our shareholders are a key component of our stakeholders. So they've never been excluded in terms of -- in terms of -- in terms of our purpose. And I just fundamentally believe that purpose and performance are inextricably linked. So there's just no doubt about that. Do we lean in a lot to clients and teammates and communities during the first part of our merger and during COVID? Absolutely. Are we leaning in equally now with shareholders as a component of all that? Absolutely. And you see some of the actions we're taking, some of the momentum that we're creating. I highlighted in the beginning of this call sort of small business as an example of how purpose and performance are linked. So focus on our small business community heroes, which is great. That's very purposeful, help them build their businesses and help them build their communities, but also meant we added 8,600 of them and we created $700 million of deposits. So I do think they're linked, I think if you sat at our company and listened, you would understand that people make the connection very, very clearly and I'm not confused about that. And I think the actions that we've taken in the fall, the actions that we're taking now, the momentum we've created are solid evidence of our focus on our shareholders as well.
Bill Rogers: Yes, Ebrahim, I think I hopefully said very clearly that, that'd be a starting point. So that would not be an acceptable return for us long-term. It is a component of a reset. If you think about it, there are -- let me put it into a couple of buckets. So short and medium term, we have a chance to actually move that more demonstrably. So think about the share -- the securities repositioning sort of as a step one and share repurchase a little more meaningful to start with and more durable over time. So we have a short and medium-term unique capacity to increase that. And then long-term has to come from the growth of our business. And we're in the best markets, we are creating momentum in all those segments of our market. We're creating a lot of efficiency. So the -- every dollar of revenue is going to be more efficient in terms of how it produces income for our shareholders over time, and our ability to continue to invest. So you mentioned technology, but all those will be components. So the expenses are related to also our capacity to save money and invest in our company long-term. So short and medium-term, we get -- increase the slope a little bit and then long-term increase the slope over-time. It's a little too early for a sort of a specific target. You know, the target right now is to grow and again grow meaningfully. And as we understand the capital rules a little bit better, get through some of the capital planning, you know, we'll be in a better position to talk about more longer-term targets.
Bill Rogers: We're at 10.1% as of the end of the quarter, which is flat to last quarter. You know, we've -- obviously the CECL phase-in impacted the linked quarter advancement. And if you fully phased-in the proposed rules, our AOCI would I think worsen that by a little over 3%, the thresholds a little less than 1%, and then RWA inflation maybe a couple, call it, 20 basis points, 30 basis points. So I think we're around 5.9%, maybe 6% on a fully phased-in basis today.
Bill Rogers: Sure, Gerard. The first question, no, the HTM portfolio wouldn't be eligible for repositioning. We wouldn't be in a position to sell those securities or the consequences that we would have to mark the rest of the HTM securities. In terms of Basel, obviously, we've been engaged in the advocacy there as well. We've been monitoring the evolution of the rule. It does seem at this point that a final rule certainly is delayed versus our -- what we probably would have expected a year-ago or even six months ago. But I don't think we have an expectation that the substance of the rule that's going to be most relevant to Truist is likely to change, which is the inclusion of -- or the deduction of AOCI from regulatory capital. So I think we feel good about our path forward. And look, I mean, I think we were pretty clear in February again around our objectives with a potential repositioning. And just to sort of state it again, I mean, one, whatever we do, we want to make sure that we still have ample capacity to grow the business and execute on the buyback that Bill has mentioned. But it's really important to us to at least replace the TIH earnings in whatever we would -- whatever we would contemplate.
Bill Rogers: Maybe let me hit that [button] (ph), so I mean the spirit would be simultaneous. So that would be -- that would be the spirit in terms of you know, how we would -- how we would potentially restructure.
