Alan Greer: Thank you, Ebony, and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the first quarter of 2016. We also have with us other members of executive management who are with us to participate in the Q&A session, Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Clarke Starnes, Chief Risk Officer; and Ricky Brown, Community Banking President. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BBT does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to page two in the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Kelly. At this time, we'll begin our Q&A session. Ebony, if you could please come back on the line and explain how our listeners can participate and ask questions.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Ebony, and thanks to all of our listeners for joining. This concludes our call for the day. If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to call Investor Relations and we hope that you have a good day.
Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. So overall, we feel like our M&A strategy is executing very, very well. Loan growth is good, particularly in the environment. Credit quality is very good ex-energy and energy relative to the marketplace is extremely good. And so, we feel like now we have just this really wonderful opportunity to focus on realizing the advantages that we've invested in for a number of years now. So we feel really great about our opportunity to improve efficiencies and our operating profit as we go forward, so we continue to believe our best days are ahead. So now, we will turn it over to Alan.
Kelly S. King: So, Matt, we think the number, it's kind of pervasive, but the standout ones are continuing to expand the benefits from our corporate banking relationships. Recall that over the last several years, we've been starting those relationships on the credit side, and then the follow on residual benefits in terms of deposits and other fee services come. So that will be a big one. Our wealth management continues to integrate very, very well in terms of loan balances and other fee balances that are coming in. Our retail banking, retail lending is coming on very, very strong, and then the huge benefit from the insurance area as we integrate Swett & Crawford and continue to integrate Crump, and continue to use the Crump cross-sell abilities throughout the entire community bank in terms of selling life insurance. All of those are some of the ones that are really big standouts.
Kelly S. King: Yeah. I think we will end up this year with improvement. It may be in the 57%-ish kind of range. Feel pretty confident about that. We still think over the next two years or three years, we'll get to the mid-50s%. And I know some people talk about the low 50s%. That is not going to happen unless you get a substantial ramp-up in the yield curve. Remember this is a numerator/denominator problem. So we're assuming that the economy will grow at 2% to 2.5%. There'll be a slow ramp-up in the yield curve, but not dramatic. Therefore, it makes it harder to grind out efficiency improvements. Still though, with opportunities that we have to generate additional revenues out of our investments we've made, and the ability to generate additional efficiencies from the investments we've made, we think we'll be able to hit those targets.
Kelly S. King: So our strategies in terms of capital deployment remain the same. But we've always said they adjust from time to time. The ones that don't change is you always use capital investment to get the nice organic growth you can get. Number two has been and will remain dividends. The swing is between buybacks and M&A. So what I was leading to earlier is that there's a slip there for the – going forward for a while in terms of buybacks being more important than M&A, as we focus on realizing these opportunities. Now with regard to dividends, we can certainly hope. I mean our CCAR application is in. And as you know we never can say for sure what's going to happen. But we would certainly expect to have a dividend increase, because even though our dividend payout's somewhat high, it's not high by traditional standards. And it's not the high relative to the stable revenues streams that we have. So we're very comfortable with a dividend increase this year.
Kelly S. King: So we made a decision, Betsy, some time ago to be a long-term player in the energy market. We are not going to change that long-term strategy. Energy is an important business for the country, for the world and for us. We enter into relationships on a very conservative selection basis and a conservative underwriting basis. Obviously everybody is really energized about – no pun intended – about concerns about energy now. But – and we're taking it very seriously. And we're marking our book really aggressively and all that. But look, I think there's a much higher chance that oil will be at $50 by the end of this year than $30. And I think over the long term, the energy business still will be a really good business. And so we will stick with it. And we will stick with our really good clients. And we'll continue to be supportive to the industry.
Kelly S. King: No, Gerard, I think this is more temporary. I think that we've had a range of 41%, 42%, to 40% has been kind of high, frankly. But we think in terms of 42%, 43% as kind of normal. We don't want to get too far out of balance one way or the other. So and it depends on, again, the interest rate environment. So if your interest rates go down, then your non-interest income goes up as a percentage. But on a normalized basis I'm fairly comfortable with our non-interest income, meaning we're in the 40%, 42%, 43% kind of level. Right now so you got – recently you had the net interest income being down, which would drive the ratio up. On the other hand, insurance is not at the level that it would be relatively, because of the pace of business. And so that would affect it. And the temporary impact has been the removal of American Coastal last year, which of course will come right back now when we added Swett & Crawford. So it's not a change, Gerard, from a long-term point of view at all. It'll be right back where we wanted to be, 42%, 43%. And then probably, hopefully, hang at that level, because hopefully the net interest income comes back up.
Kelly S. King: Yeah, Paul. That's exactly right. I'm not trying to say that we wouldn't dare do any tiny little bitty something. But as a practical matter, we are just not focusing on M&A now in insurance or bank, which is our two primary areas. The truth is we just got a lot going on in both of them. We've just (47:31). And there's a time to buy, and there's time to run. And the last 24 months was a time to buy, because the times were right. There was a window for us, and there was some really good opportunities. And we're really happy about what we did. And now is the time to take time and to adjust what we've done and run it really, really well and get the benefit for the benefit of our shareholder. I mean this is a shareholder-driven strategy, gearing our profitability up and reaping some of the benefits of the previous investments we've made. And that applies to insurance and banking and basically everything else.
Kelly S. King: Well, I mean all of us have to wait to see what the Fed approves. But I mean as a practical manner, if I were you modeling, I'd be modeling for higher buybacks.
Kelly S. King: Yeah, it's lower. The resi runoff is cleaning out if you will, and then you get the seasonal activity buildup in the second.
Kelly S. King: No, no. Our request has the same flexibility in it that we've always had. But the guidance I'm giving you with regard to our focus on profitability management versus M&A is very hard.
Kelly S. King: John, it's really a matter of looking at the number of deals. Ideally to be honest we wouldn't have done as many deals in as short a period of time as we did. It's just they were available. And you can't – I wish you could, but you can't ideally lay out your M&A plans on a linear basis and project them whenever you want to have them. They come when they come. And you take advantage of them when they're there. So we took a bit more in the last year and a half at one time than I personally would like to have. And so – and you combine that with all of the other activities we have going on, like these huge investments in the back room in terms of systems and processes and so forth. And it's just my very strong intuitive judgment, our collective team's judgment that it's just time to focus on taking advantage of what we have. See, sometimes people think about M&A and all this as a kind of linear upward sloping line. It's not. It's more like a stair step. You ramp up in terms of acquisitions, then you take a period of time and you rationalize them and then you ramp up again. So we're in that flatter part of the stair step where we're going to be focusing on rationalizing what we've already invested in. We think that's shareholder-friendly because if you just continually roll up all the time, you're never getting a real payback till you stop doing M&A for a little while and that's not fair to the shareholders. So this is more about taking advantage of what we did in the last year and a half. When we get that done, we'll be interested in M&A again. But for right now, we're focused on getting the advantages of what we already done.
Daryl N. Bible: So Matt, if you go back a year-plus ago, the Citi branches and Bank of Kentucky, all those have basically come in, both the cost saves and revenues and all that. From Susquehanna's perspectives, we are probably 85% to 90% through the cost saves from that. So the rest of the cost saves will probably bleed in into our run rate over the next couple quarters or out of the community bank area. But that's where we stand there. As far as the two deals that we just closed April 1, there's really no cost saves in those transactions. We expect National Penn had systems conversion third quarter, so you might see a little bit third quarter but more of that in fourth quarter and first quarter. And Swett & Crawford, maybe a little bit on revenue synergies this year but their systems conversion is the first part of 2017, and their cost saves and efficiencies will come in in probably in the first half of 2017.
Daryl N. Bible: Yeah. I mean, if you look at National Penn and Swett & Crawford, those two add in approximately $100 million to $110 million in expenses into the second quarter off their base. And if you add in maybe an additional $30 million more in expense saves, then that leaves about $60 million left approximately. And I would say second quarter, usually we have higher revenues, so you pay out higher commissions. That's a percentage there. And then probably then the next biggest increase that we have across the board is probably just in technology and IT. We continue to invest in those areas and those areas continue to increase some. But I feel that we are very focused on our expenses. I think we have a chance of maybe exceeding what we're saying, beating it. But right now we're just putting out conservative numbers from an expense base. But as Kelly said, we will focus on improving efficiency throughout the year. With all these acquisitions closing first of this quarter, it's going to be really messy trying to put it all together.
Daryl N. Bible: So it's going to be – from an organic basis I would say we'd have a little bit more loan growth from second to third, how we sit now. I mean visibility out a couple quarters is not perfect. But if we're 1% to 3%, you might add another 1% or 2% to that for second to third. But we'll see how the economy plays out.
Daryl N. Bible: Yeah, John, this is Daryl. What I would say from a CCAR perspective, obviously nothing is approved yet. But last several years we've focused and we've traditionally been one of the higher ones on the payout ratio on dividend. We hope that that would continue with CCAR 2016. Now as far as the total payout ratio goes, I would say we like where our capital ratios are today. So as Kelly said, we're going to probably use 25% plus up in capital for organic growth. So the remaining percentage would probably be in buyback.
Daryl N. Bible: What I would say is right now we would be forecasting margin to probably be in the low 340s, probably for throughout 2016. Our rate hike that we have in November helps us but it's not a huge impact in the fourth quarter. So, and we're pretty much not assuming on any real rate rise help that (54:31). So we feel really good about the mix, the mixes going in our favor, loan mix, funding mix, and our spreads are coming in nicely. So our core margin has stabilized. So I feel GAAP margin in the 340s, low 340s is about right.
Daryl N. Bible: Good question, Kevin. So the rate hike is in November so it really doesn't have a huge impact on net interest income. You look at the yield curve, we would keep our yield curve relatively constant where it is today. We don't really think it's going to steepen up much in our forecast that we have. If you look at our balance sheet, our balance sheet is pretty balanced. About half of our assets are floating rate, half are fixed. So when the curve actually came down some in the early part of 2016, the fixed portion got hurt a little bit from a net interest income perspective because those get priced off the yield curve. But, and we did a great job with our funding costs, keeping that very stable. All that's very sticky. We're having huge growth in funding and wider margins in our deposit franchise right now.
Daryl N. Bible: On a year-over-year basis, Amanda, I think I grew very comfortable that we'll have 12%-plus growth on NII on a year-over-year basis from 2016 to 2015.
Daryl N. Bible: Okay, yeah. So purchase accounting, what I could tell you is, is that the Susquehanna purchase accounting is starting to come off a little bit, but we have National Penn that we have a first time for go on for this quarter. So purchase accounting is going to be pretty robust for most of this year and will trend down over time. But 2016, I feel very comfortable that GAAP margin will be in the low 340s, second, third, fourth quarters and core margin we feel has stabilized, starting to improve some. So that could actually get into the low 320s.
Clarke R. Starnes III: Yes, Michael. This is Clarke Starnes. Fair question. I would tell you that we have been methodically reducing our exposure in the coal space for a long time. And we believe a number of the residual borrowers we have are bankable, although we would continue to expect exposure to go down from here. We also took – as part of that $30 million this quarter, we opportunistically exited one of our larger long-time legacy watch list coal credits and got it out completely. So we feel like what's left we can manage through. Although the watch list could go up, we feel like the exposure is manageable.
Clarke R. Starnes III: Absolutely, Betsy. We believe the provision expense, unless we get something totally unforeseen, would be much lower than last quarter. To remind you we kind of said our NCO guidance is 35 basis points to 45 basis points. We would assume that we will be in low to mid range of that if we don't have an energy surprise. If we have more energy deterioration it might be mid to high. So as Daryl said, we're expecting to fund charge-offs and keep our reserve rate for growth. And we would not expect a larger build for the second quarter. So in our 8.5%, we've assumed I think prudently and conservatively draw assumptions, and we've fully implemented the guidance. So we would not anticipate from here a significant increase in the provision. I would mention, too, we've been through about 60% of our spring redeterminations already. Our average loan reductions were about 20% and about two-thirds of those redeterminations, we've got structural enhancement with any hoarding provisions or more collateral. So to your, Kelly's point, we're working with these borrowers and what we certainly have that we've reserved for what we know today.
Clarke R. Starnes III: I think, Gerard, what I think the fundamental – my opinion – the fundamental change in the guidance. Historically as you know, reserve based lending, asset classifications, accrual status, impairment view was based more from a senior secured collateral asset base coverage standpoint against that primary bank debt. What's happened with this boom in the shale production with this cycle is you have a lot more secondary bond financing behind the bank grew. And the new regulatory guidance is very explicit around you have to make sure that you have sufficient cash flow coverage and asset coverage for the total debt including the secondary debt. And obviously, with the plunge in prices that nobody could have predicted, it puts enormous pressure on those ratios. So that's really the big sea change. We still believe, given all that, with enough time and with recovery in the prices that we have a good shot at getting, having better recoveries. But we have to prudently reserve in the meantime.
Clarke R. Starnes III: We are not hearing anything yet, any sort of chatter like that like we had heard with the first exam around energy. So at this point, we are not.
Clarke R. Starnes III: Yeah, Kevin, this is Clarke. Regional Acceptance's losses are up year-over-year, so they're probably up 50 to 75 basis points or so. Our prime portfolio today is about 16 basis points, not 19, and is relatively stable quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. So while it's very manageable, Regional Acceptance had experienced some higher loss severities. They primarily finance economy cars. If you look at Manheim over the last year or 18 months, that class of vehicles has been hit a little harder. We've adjusted for that over the last year. So and we're actually forecasting, notwithstanding the view of car prices over the next remainder of the year, we expect losses to be down more in the 7% range or so by the end of the year in regional.
Clarke R. Starnes III: No, absolutely. It's the adjustments we made 12 to 18 months ago on our advance rates. And as those burn through, we believe will be in a much better severity position even with the decline in prices. We've been lending into lower advance rates that we feel like we'll work through some of the older credits and we'll be in a better position.
