Alan Greer: Thank you, Ashley and good morning everyone. Thank you to all of our listeners for joining us today. On today’s call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the fourth quarter of 2016 and provide some thoughts for the first quarter of ‘17. We also have other members of our executive management team who are with us to participate in the Q&A session: Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there maybe statements made during the course of this call that express management’s intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T’s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that today’s presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of the presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I will turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Kelly. Ashley, if you will come back on the line at this time and explain how our listeners may participate in the Q&A session.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining our call. Apologize that we ran out of time, had a few folks still in the queue. Feel free to call Investor Relations, I would be happy to take your questions. Thank you and we hope you have a good day.
Kelly King: Thanks Daryl. So just a couple of strategic summary points, as I said, I think it was a solid quarter, good expense control, strong credit performance. These strategic actions will do setup a meaningful better margin and potential higher CCAR payout for the next year. I would point out that all of our key strategies are working very, very well. Our Corporate Banking strategy is working well. We think we can even ramp it to a higher level as we go through this year. Our wealth strategy likewise is doing great and positioned for even an enhanced investment specialized lending continues to provide good diversification and is growing in appropriate rate. Insurance, while not performing at a high level as it will in the future because soft insurance rates will continue to build what I consider to be kind of an annuitized insurance revenue stream in that business as it gets more and more effective every year and we’re making increased investments in our digital operations, which will cause substantial improvement quality relationships with our clients and improve profitability going forward. So projected with the better economy, especially in Main Street, we are really excited about what can happen in our Community Bank. Keep in mind that our Community Bank is almost totally focused on Main Street. Main Street has been really struggling for the last 8 years. We believe what’s getting ready to happen is a substantial resurgence of Main Street. These folks, as we reported to you, have been holding back on investments in equipment, our computers, trucks and our cars, etcetera. We are getting really, really good feedback from our client contact people that this is really changing. In fact, I saw a survey yesterday on small business optimism says it’s at a 12-year high. So overall, I will just tell you that things look pretty good, lower taxes, less regulation, higher interest rates and faster GDP growth, overall a really good proposition for the banking industry. It’s a new day and we are very excited about it. I will turn it over to Alan.
Kelly King: We really think with the – as I indicated anticipated faster earnings growth and less fast growth in the balance sheet it sets us up for that opportunity. We try to be conservative. Having said that, we would expect and we have not made our CCAR final decision and the Board has not approved it, but management would expect that the total payout for next year would be in the 100% range, which will be materially higher than we have been. We would expect to see a modest increase on our dividend. Remember, our dividend was already very high, one of the highest, if not the highest dividend yields. And so that will set up then a pretty large bucket of capital opportunities for us, which will be used as we have in the past, certainly the possibility of acquisitions. There is some possibility of a special cash dividend although I don’t put that high on the list and certainly that would imply substantial increase in buybacks.
Kelly King: Yes. So, the BSA issue for us is an important issue, but not a substantially important issue. We have been working on this for about a year. We have already built in most of the run-rate expense increase related to that. So it would not be a material increase in terms of additional expenses. We are way down the road in terms of resolving the issues that we needed to improve on. So it’s important, we need to fix it, but we substantially already done it, to be honest. And so we have got some remaining execution work to be done. There is not going to be a material issue in terms of our expense run-rate going forward.
Kelly King: Yes. These things have a life of their own. In many cases, it’s taken companies 1.5 years, 2 years to get out. No way, I can guarantee anything, but I would expect that because of how far down the road we are that we will get out much quicker from this point going forward than you have come to expect with other institutions.
Kelly King: So Gerard, it’s actually very broad-based. In fact, I did a survey, because I was going to the Goldman Conference back here a few weeks ago and I did a survey from all of our 26 Presidents across our entire 15 states and asked them to talk to a few of their clients to see what they were thinking, because I like to write real-time feedback and their feedback was absolutely consistent across the board that everybody was optimistic. They were making plans to invest. And it’s exactly what we thought, new drugs, new computers, some expansions. I met with some regional Presidents in person yesterday and got a real current update and the message was very, very consistent. They gave me a number of anecdotes in terms of individual companies that were already requesting loans to buy trucks to expand their plan to expand their inventory, etcetera. So it is, in fact, happening. It’s across the footprint. It is what I would call Main Street America, which was exactly where we play the best. With regard to oil and energy, yes, we would expect to expand that. We think we said all along it’s a really good long-term business. The last year or so has been a bit of an overreaction in my humble opinion with regards to the quality of that. We haven’t changed our posture during the whole period. We remained optimistic and bullish and are looking for ways to expand.
Kelly King: Betsy, we are going to remain somewhat conservative on that until we see how things play out in Washington. Independent of the changes that are being talked about, with regard to the handling, etcetera, etcetera, there is an opportunity to bring that 10% down. On the other hand, there is a reasonable prospect that some variation is going to pass, which is what we call is upward pressure on capital requirements and so we don’t want to be in a position to where we get forced in to having to going to market by expenses of capital. So we are going to remain a little conservative. That will hurt EPS a little bit in short run, but it’s a smart run. It’s the best move for the shareholders. So we will stay path, see how things play out. If all that fizzles out then there is an opportunity to your point to move down a little bit. On the other hand, if it comes through, we may be having to accumulate capital.
Kelly King: It’s the placeholder with reservation. Independent of the BSA issue, we are not ready to get back into bank M&A yet. We are still finalizing Susquehanna and Nat Penn. We hadn’t closed, but we are still finishing up some of these big projects. And to be honest, Betsy, we are doing – and I am doing a lot of thinking just in terms of the proper value of buying institutions that have a lot of branches. I mean, there is a chance that we are facing a near-term tipping point with regard to the value of branches as the digital technologies really accelerate and reduce the interactions in the branches. It’s not to say that we would have no interest, but it changes economics. And so I am not quite sure today the sellers in any event would be ready to recognize the realities of the changing economics. And so number one, we are not ready to get back into game independent of BSA. Number two, we are being thoughtful during this call is about the real valuations of acquisitions when the time comes. And number three, we don’t think this BSA things will take all that long to get out to them. And by the way, we are not inherently precluded from acquisitions during the BSA period certainly with regard to insurance and other types of acquisitions and so – but we just don’t consider that to be a binding constraint right now, because the binding constraint is our own.
Kelly King: So yes, I have been thinking about it for a while. And it’s a difficult thing to get your hands around. I mean, on the one hand, it’s clearly a steady decline in branch activity. On the other hand, that is not to suggest the branches are not really, really important from the small business clients still going to branch about once a day, because they got a lot of cash. Wealthy clients go fairly often and even the millenials who don’t go very often really value the branches. So, we are just in a period right now where it’s inconclusive in terms of the future value of branches, but it’s probable that branches will be somewhat less attractive going forward than they are today. All that means is you are still interested. I am still interested, but it means it has an economic impact in terms of the evaluations. And so we will have to be thoughtful about that as we go forward. Now, there is a difference in terms of M&A in market and out of market. So, the most difficult, frankly, today would be to acquire a large branch distribution operation out of market, because there is no – there are no cost synergies in terms of overlaps and so you have to get all of your cost improvement out of the backroom. On the other hand, if you do an in market deal, you get the pretty easily achievable backroom savings, which are very predictable. And then you may get some – I mean you get a backroom and you get substantial overlap of branches. So in markets would still make a lot more attractive proposition today economically than out of market, not saying out of market can’t work, but it means valuation has to take that into consideration. As to size, we have always said that we are interested in larger deals than smaller deals, particularly in the last several years just because it takes about as much time to do a smaller deal as it does a large deal, but I am not ready to put any a lot of concreteness around the size and all of that, because as I have said we are not in the market right now. So when we get back into the market, we will give you more definitiveness with regard to what we are exactly looking for.
Kelly King: Sure, happy to. You are exactly right. I mean, our growth year-over-year or fourth over fourth would have been about, I think 10 and some change percent. If you pull out all acquisitions, our core organic growth would have been up 0.6% year-over-year, but that’s in a very soft insurance market, where there is just tremendous excess capital. And it is causing rates to be down in the neighborhood of 2% to 4%. We are heavy in more commercial property. So that ends with a company we have called [indiscernible] subject to cap property rates and they are down probably in the 10% to 12% range. So we would be certainly on the high end of the reduction, so probably in the 4% range down. Our new business, on the other hand, new business in retail is up in the 3% range. So taking those together, that’s what’s enabling us to remain positive. So, we are still moving market share. It’s just you have that downward pressure on rates due to capital. The other thing that occurred this year, we had some weather challenges, but it was not enough to cause rates to go up, but it was enough to cause the performance payments back to the brokers to decline. So, we actually have had a decline in contingent payments of about 12.5% year-over-year as well. So even with the reduction in contingent payments and a soft pricing, we were still able to rise above that and have positive organic growth. So I feel really good about the year overall in the neighborhood of 20% EBITDA margin. So I think looking forward what we have planned even with – we see rates as having stabilized. We don’t see them maybe jumping back up. We have been in this now for about 18 months. The normal soft market duration last about 3 years. So, we don’t see them getting worse. I think through some things we have going on internally, we think give us some organic opportunity. We are actually planning to be up 3% to 4% this year. So, we feel pretty good bullish about the business.
Kelly King: Well, that’s a great question and it’s one that we are all trying to figure out the answer to right now, but I will give you my thoughts. So if you take time a steady course assuming there are no substantial rollbacks, then I think you would think in terms of our regulatory costs over the next year are sort of being kind of flattish. I mean we have already built down a huge amount of ramped up revenue or regulatory costs over the last 2 years or 3 years. Some of that relates to huge costs that we have had to put into some of these projects that are substantially driven by regulatory requirements and ramp up that we have already put in BSA regulatory compliance, etcetera. So independent of any substantial changes, I would call it kind of flattish. Now, if you have substantial regulatory changes, which I do believe we will have, then there is clearly the opportunity for reduction in regulatory cost. It’s hard to get your hands on, to be honest, because it depends on how much. I would say that if you get the maximum amount of regulatory changes, it’s not going to be as much reduction in regulatory costs as a lot of people think. Maybe an outlier on this, but a lot of people are thinking kind of euphorically that they will do all this stuff they are talking about and regulatory costs going to zero. That will not happen. Number one, they are not going to get everything done that they want to get done although they will get a lot done. And even if they get a lot of these changes done, their baseline regulatory requirements are not going to go away and probably shouldn’t go away. We need basics good, solid regulations. So trying to give you a number of top of my head, I would say over a couple of year period of time, if you had the maximum amount of regulatory pullback, you could see a 20% kind of reduction in regulatory costs, maybe 25% but not 50% or 75%. It’s meaningful, but it’s not dramatic. The bigger changes, of course for banking is tax reductions and increased margins and increased growth rates in GDP. The regulatory cost reduction is icing on the cake and it will be material, but I think you cannot quantify is that if we get what I hope to get, which is in addition to a number of specific regulatory changes, if you also get a substantial change in the tone or the intensity of regulation, then that is a big deal because it’s not just the regulations. It’s the degree of potentially with which the regulators apply those regulations and so what happens is it’s not just absolute direct cost that goes into regulations, it’s the indirect costs of all of the management time that is on executing on all these regulatory changes and so it’s – that’s pretty big, I can qualify it for you. But if all of a sudden, we had a less intense environment we could get back to the where it was 10 years ago in terms of basic focus on good, solid regulations and we could free up a substantial amount of our people’s time with regard to focusing not on that, but focusing on client relationship management, business development, it would be huge. I can’t give you a number, but it would be huge.
Kelly King: I am not factoring acquisitions into our ‘17 loan growth expectations. I am not sure what you were talking about in terms of fourth quarter. I don’t recall mentioning any acquisition.
Kelly King: Yes. We are not really building that materially into our ‘17 – it could happen, but it’s not a part of our – it’s kind of part of our normal considerations there, but it’s not something that I spent a lot of time on. So we are not factoring much, it might be a little bit but not much on that. So we are really trying to signal that our loan growth is going to be core loan growth. It’s going to be relatively soft for the first quarter. And then while we are not prepared to give numbers, it will be building, we think in regard through second through the fourth quarter.
Kelly King: Yes. I think GDP will ramp from the 2% kind of range to 3% to 4%. I don’t think it will get to 3% to 4% for this full year. It may be getting to 3% to 4% by the end of the year on a run rate, but if you get to ‘18, I think you have got very good chance of a 3% to 4% kind of run rate for the entire year. So it will be a building year in terms of GDP, it will be a building year in terms of loan growth and so the whole year of ‘17 won’t be as strong as the whole year of ‘18 will be.
Kelly King: And I would just point out this is just really good effective utilization of capital during the period of time where we are building excess capital.
Kelly King: So, I think as we reflect on the various changes, the optimum size might actually be – could actually be somewhat lower, because what we are seeing out of all this is the premium organic growth has risen while the premium on acquisition growth maybe has gone down some. And so we still believe long-term it would be advantageous to our shareholders to be larger, but to be very honest, we can get to this still we need to be through the organic growth only. And again unless you get acquisitions at a very attractive price, organic growth is going to be much more attractive. Keep in mind over the last 8 years, you couldn’t count on as much organic growth, because the state of the economy and the state of regulation and all of what’s going on. Looking forward, we think in this new day environment, there is much more opportunity for organic growth, which puts less pressure on acquisition growth, but I want to restate again to be very clear we are not in acquisition business now. So, we are totally focused on organic growth. And we believe we can get to the size and scale we need to be strictly through organic growth without any necessary requirements on acquisitions as that becomes appropriate from an economic perspective at some point in the future, we will take a look at it.
Chris Henson: Gerard, this is Chris. I would add specifically areas if you are looking for the Triangle and Charlotte and Triad regions in North Carolina, D.C. and Houston are all areas that have really sort of building momentum in pipelines and three of those have been top of our production leaders in 2016 as well.
Chris Henson: Yes. I will just say transactions are down about 4%. We closed about 2% of our branches this year and I would say somewhere in the neighborhood of half of that number would have been what Kelly just spoke to, would have been what I will call these sort of transformational type of approach. And we are going to be looking for more of those. I think the opportunity exist to rationalize the structure over time, where you have opportunity to capture most of the client base, but still have them run on your digital array also. I think he is exactly right.
Chris Henson: Paul, this is Chris. I would add investment banking is probably core growth at 6% or 8% when you strip out that restructuring and in that would be capital markets as well as the retail broker and we are adding offices in the retail brokerage to complement it well throughout the footprint. And wealth, for example, even had a 22% revenue growth rate this year. So, it continues to operate really, really well.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would say we will operate in the 120 range. We might get into the teens, fluctuate, but we want to keep a little bit of a cushion. That number tends to move around a fair amount on a day-to-day basis. So, you just want to keep it elevated. So I wouldn’t want to get it to close to the threshold, but keeping a little cushion. It’s really not hurting us where it is. I think we can manage it at that – at those levels.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So right now John, we did not reinvest the cash flows in the fourth quarter. We did repurchase our normal cash flows for this quarter. So securities are going to stay around $44 billion size. So that’s kind of our level that we are staying at. It is true that levels are higher now and I would say what we are investing in now, which are basically treasuries, 5 years and some 15-year pass-throughs, those are coming on yields that basically are not hurting our yields anymore. So there shouldn’t be any material run down in the investment if the curve stays where it is or it could even get better at some point. As far as at point where we would try to add back to it, I think we are far from that point. If you listen to Chairman, Yellen’s speech yesterday, she is clearly in the camp that she thinks short-term rates should get up close to 3%. Whether that gets fair enough, we will see, but it’s definitely going higher. We will see what happens to the longer end of the curve. Our liquidity is strong. So there is really no need to add to the investment portfolio. And with Kelly and Chris and Clarke, I mean they feel really confident that our loan growth is going to really start to come online middle part of the year and thereafter. So we feel that we are going to have pretty good balance sheet growth and good NII growth. The restructuring that we did basically ensures us that we are going to have positive NII growth year-over-year. It’s going to probably show that we are going to have revenue growth. And if we continue to have our expenses stay where they are, you should see the efficiency ratio start to fall.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I would say if you look at the increase we had in December of ‘15, the beta was almost non-existent, less than 5%. To-date, we are only a month out now. Our beta is between 5% and 10%, mainly in the commercial accounts. So here again, really outperforming what we had in our models. We have in our models close to 60% beta assumptions. So I would say that the increase that we had this past quarter probably give us 3-plus percent net interest margin benefit just from that alone. So that’s one of the reasons why we are helping to guide for much higher core net interest margin.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So Betsy, I mean you can see with the ASRs that we did last quarter, we still build capital ratios. And we expect to have – there was a fair amount of compensation related benefit coming through on the equity provision. So I would say that our CET1 should still stay 10% or higher. I mean we don’t see it going down more than a touch right now. So I mean if you look at our number now, we are I think 10.2, fully phased in at 10. So you might see it go down a tick, but I think we feel comfortable that we can significantly increase that and still maintain a 10% CET1.
Daryl Bible: So I think you got the pieces. Maybe you just go back, reconcile to the 10 to 12 GAAP improvement, we get 5 basis points for the home loan bank restructuring. We get 5 basis points back from the duration adjustments. Every quarter, we will probably have a couple of basis points, call it 2 basis points. We will have runoff of purchase accounting going against that. And then [Technical Difficulty] 3 plus right now for the rate increase. So I think we feel very good. Our margin will be in probably mid 3.40s. And finding out how rates go and if they continue to go up some this year, we feel comfortable that those levels can be maintained in that area. So it all depends on how much rates go up and what the betas are. And to be honest with you, we think if rates continue to go up, betas won’t stay as well as they are they eventually will have to start to increase. That said, we still feel pretty comfortable that margins should stay in the 3.40s.
Daryl Bible: I think so. I think we are at a point now where assets are coming on and our mix changes and with what’s going on, I think we have a pretty good core stable margin right now and with a little rate increases we might have improving core margins. So, I think that’s all positive for us right now, Matt.
Daryl Bible: So Matt, if rates, tax rates change, so right now, our corporate rate is 35%. In essence, we get almost 90% of it for our given tax rate change. So, if tax rates fall from 35% to 15%, we would get close to 18% lower taxes on it. The reason we don’t get all of it is really driven by how our state taxes impact a change in the corporate tax rate, but we get the vast majority of it. So, it’s close to 90% would basically flow through the bottom line. Now, our tax strategies are pretty simple. We really have just tax exempt loans and securities. We have BOLI and we have basically a low income tax credit. The assumption there is none of those are impacted. If any of those get impacted, then what I told you needs to get adjusted, but assuming just corporate tax rates fall, we will get about 90% of it to the bottom line.
Daryl Bible: So we do have more home loans on the table, but they aren’t really marked at market. So we can unwind those without any gain or loss, without any impact. So they will basically price the market, so that will just be that. By the way, we want to maintain that funding or go somewhere else from a funding perspective. As far as the hit to capital, it’s about $250 million. You just take the 3.92 and just tax effect it. We typically get a fair amount of equity credit from our comp plans in the first quarter. Coupled with continued exercises from the higher stock valuation, that’s a huge offset to our capital ratios that we have there. So I would say capital ratios still be pretty strong at the end of the first quarter even with this restructuring number that we have and doing that buyback that we are going to normally do in the 1.60.
Daryl Bible: Average earning assets should be up just a touch depending on loan growth or securities will be relatively flat as we reinvest those cash flows, but NII growth will happen because our margin guidance is coming up significantly, so I think you will see pretty robust growth in NII.
Daryl Bible: Private equity was $15 million if I recall that we had in other assets. There is a lot in that category, but I think this $14 million to $15 million is what we had in that. But we typically have a decent end of the year number every fourth quarter in private equity.
Daryl Bible: So if you look at our fee income ratio, Chris commented on insurance, so that should be up modestly on a year-over-year basis. Service charges, we continue to make investments and service charges growing accounts, so that should continue to trend up. As far as mortgage banking, we continue to build out new markets. The MBA forecast has been down around 15% give or take, but we are hoping to be more flattish there just by building out our new markets that we have. And then we continue to make investments in investment banking and brokerage. We did have that one restructuring this past year there, but that said they have a lot of momentum. They are doing really well. So I think all that’s going well. So I’d say overall, fee income, up probably mid single-digit on a year-over-year basis.
