Daryl Bible: Yeah, Saul. So, first, I would tell you, when we came up with our day one estimate on our reserve, we had three scenarios that we came up with. And we weighted our stress scenario 40% on day one. So, we started the year off with a strong reserve from that perspective.  When we moved over and made our provision this quarter, we went through multiple scenarios as we always run. And then, with Moody's changing their scenarios every few days, we actually ended up running 10 different scenarios through quarter-end into early April, trying to use an overlay to help us adjust on that CECL number that we came up with.  And then, at the end of the day, you go back to using expert judgment. And we always have qualitative factors this year, for this time. Clarke and Ellen and the team really had to spend a lot of time qualitatively because the models have limitations when a government's infusing over $5 trillion and they have to weigh in on what the effectiveness is. You have all these payment plans basically out there. And you need the expert judgments on how effective those programs might be. So, there's lots of qualitative adjustments that we came up with. We feel very good about the reserves that we have there.  As far as your fair value mark, it's a combination of credit, liquidity and interest rate, and it's at $3.5 billion. 
Daryl Bible: Saul, at the end of the day, it's all going to accrete into earnings. It's all going to be used as a lower value for when we – you get a little bit of benefit because you have a lower book value when you apply your reserves. So, it's all going to count, whether it's credit, interest rate or liquidity. It really doesn't matter. 
Daryl Bible: So, you have a year to true-up your goodwill, but that's based upon any miscalculations you had at 12/6. So, we feel pretty good. We finalized all of the marks. I think I mentioned what the new amortization amount is on the intangible. So, all that was trued up this quarter. Actually, we have a table on it in the deck. So, all that kind of finalized from that perspective. We really can't go back and readjust any of that. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, there's a difference between CECL and stress testing. Stress testing is a dynamic, living, breathing process. So, you basically have to project new volumes and grow for runoff depending on whatever happens. CECL is basically a static balance sheet with runoff assumptions. So, there's differences there.  The chart that we put in on 2019, just to give credit, we basically plagiarized that from Jason Goldberg. I give Jason a lot of credit for that. But I think on that table, it clearly shows that our reserves that we have versus the combined company's losses that we added together from 2018 is at 35%. That's a little bit above the peer group. And as you add in the fair market value, it's at 58%.  One thing to note, though, if you actually look at our company run results on a combined basis in 2018, that number was basically 44%. The reason I'm telling you that is, is that we don't have our 2020 CCAR stress results yet from the Fed. That will come later this quarter. But we do have what we submitted to the Fed a few weeks ago. And if you look at what the company run stress results were on the severely adverse, we were basically at 52%. So, I think that shows a good indication that, as we put the company together, Clarke and Ellen have really derisked a company and we just are a less riskier company than we would have been on a combined 2018 basis. So, our reserves then at 52%, and then if you add in the fair value mark, you're at 84% of our – we came up with $10.8 billion of losses in our 2020 severely adverse. 
Daryl Bible: It really depends on the three factors I said earlier, Betsy. Right now, we feel we are adequately reserved from what we know. There is a lot more that we don't know than what we know, though, and how things are going to impact. The government's going to have over $6 trillion of stimulus when it's all said and done. That's 3 times more than what they had in the Great Recession. We really don't know how effective those programs are going to be. So, you really need to let a lot of that play out. All of the forbearance that's been occurring right now, that all has to play out. And some of the clients may not make it. We feel really comfortable where we are reserved today, and we'll just see what happens as we move forward. 
Daryl Bible: I'll give you a couple of examples. So, on third-party vendor, right now, our teams are still working on it, but we're probably 35% to 40% of the way of our target. So, we'll have about close to $100 million annual run rate save this year. And over the next couple of years, we have already locked in $135 million of that. So, that's progressing well. We're making really good progress on our corporate real estate portfolio. We have over 30,000 square feet. Right now, we have known savings in there of about $66 million of what we're executing on. If you look at what we're going through right now, with people working at home, we have to really evaluate the impacts of that after it's all said and done. But that could be an opportunity for much more saves. So, we have $30 million – we might go down to $20 million over the next three to five years. You just don't know that. So, that could be even a bigger opportunity. So those are just a few examples, Betsy. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah, Mike. So, I would definitely say it's going to be a challenge from linked quarter from first to second. We will continue to execute and do the best that we can within the parameters that we have. And we aren't giving up on our positive operating leverage. We're going to do the best we can. We may not achieve it this year. But we still may. It is not out of the woods. It all depends on how quickly the economy recovers. And if it's a sharp V, we have a shot at it. 
Daryl Bible: Yes. You're right on that. As far as – we use Moody's and we also have a couple other scenarios that we run. But we went into early April running scenarios in our reserve. So, we didn't cut it off on the 31st. We closed a little later this quarter just because we're later in the cycle. So, we went through at least the first week of April with that information. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, from specific expense savings, we have some savings and there has been some slippage just with what happened in March, in that, with COVID, some of our expenses are a little bit elevated. We pulled forward buying a bunch of our laptops and Wi-Fis and other equipment. That got pulled forward into the first quarter that we were planning on later in the year. So, a little bit elevated from that perspective. And our goal was to try to get our expenses down to 30% of the $1.6 billion by the end of the year. We are on track so far this quarter to doing that. We were trying to have some buffer and be ahead of that. It doesn't get any easier as we get into this next quarter to be honest with you. But we still have a shot at getting our 30% at the end of the year if we have a sharp recovery. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. Just high level, Ken, I would tell you – and Chris commented on insurance up. Insurance is seasonally strong second quarter. That won't change from that perspective. Service charges, we have some programs in place to help our clients during this time of stress. That's what Kelly talked about, the 5% cashback. We are waiving ATM fees, so people can meet their banking services. People are coming in now, we're getting more requests for relief on NSF and we're granting that. So, I would say, service charges overall might be down a touch from that perspective. Depending on what interest rates do and credit spreads, Beau's area, while the volumes overall are lower, there is CVA, the $92 million, that line item has a chance of recovering potentially on what happens with that. And then, mortgage, mortgage will have good volumes, strong. The offset will be the impact on forbearance on the servicing. We did try to factor in some estimates on the MSR valuation already. We don't know if that's the full impact of that, but it is embedded in there. So, we did adjust for that accordingly. So, mortgage will probably have a decent quarter would be my guess. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I don't foresee – unless purchase accounting really is stronger than we think, I don't foresee NII being positive second quarter versus first.  Core margin, if you looked at our sensitivity, and you probably need to go back to our disclosures back in January when we disclosed, what, down 100 basis points – our disclosures that we show on our earnings reports are gradual. So, that's assuming that the 100 basis points would go down throughout the 12 months. And at that point in January, it was a negative 1.78% or 1.72%. If you say, that's equivalent to, like, a shock of 50. So, what we experienced in March was a shock of 150. Now, you had a little bit weird going on with LIBOR. And LIBOR, we'll talk about in a second. So, you had a shock of 150. So, if you take the 1.72% and multiply it by 3, that would probably be what the impact would be, rough estimate, on what our NII change might be for second quarter from that perspective. Then we have built a lot of liquidity. Now, we built liquidity because we were in a stress period, we want to make sure we can meet our clients' need both from a funding and from a deposit perspective. So, the cost of carrying what we're carrying at the Fed right now is anywhere from 10 basis points to 15 basis points.  If you look at our balance sheet right now, and through Friday on March – or on April 17, our balance sheet, the total balances are $518 billion. Our deposits now are $364 billion. So, all the government stimulus checks that started to come in last week, we had one day, I think it was Wednesday, where we went up $6 billion in deposits in that one time period. Our PPP funding is going to start going on the books. It started last week. It's going to go on this week and the following week. We'll probably have $330 billion of loans. So, we're definitely going to have much higher earning assets.  The other thing I would note is that our deposit costs, we were at 70 basis points, down 12 basis points on an interest-bearing basis. And if you look at March, our interest-bearing deposit costs were already 56 basis points. When you go back and look at the Great Recession and you look at how far the deposit costs get down to back then, we got down to about 23 basis points. So, I don't think we're going to get to 23 basis points in the second quarter, but we're going to get in the 20s for sure over the next couple quarters as we continue to push down rates if these rates stay where they are.  So, I think we've got a lot of things that we have to manage with, but our margin will be down, will be down because of liquidity. But once we feel that the stress is over, we can reverse the liquidity pressure there pretty easily and get that core margin back. So, hopefully, that's helpful. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, it peaked on April 1 at 1.02%. It's now at 0.67%, one-month LIBOR. We have about $130 billion net LIBOR assets tied to one-month LIBOR right now. So, as that migrates down, that will kind of put in that full effect of that interest rate sensitivity that you saw there. We aren't there yet. It still has room to come down some more, but that will also allow us to push down our deposit costs faster too as LIBOR is coming down as well. And when you look at the money market equivalent, that will all kind of come down together. It will hurt our asset side, but we're going to make it up on the deposit side. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, David reported, I think a week or two ago, that the floors that he's putting in range anywhere from, I think, 25 basis points to 75 basis points from a LIBOR perspective. I think those are the floors that he's putting in from that perspective. That's the LIBOR rate, not the spread over it. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. For the second quarter, Erika, we are paying a premium to our teammates right now that are on the front line. So, you're going to see an elevated charge in personnel with that. Depending on how quickly we basically can adjust from work at home, that will fade away. We also are actively getting more laptops in, so more people on the call centers can do more of their work at home. So, that will subside as we get more of that equipment in as well that we've accelerated from that perspective.  As far as the implementation of third party and facilities, as they execute and play out, that's when you get the savings. So, you may not see as much early on this year, but as it goes out throughout the year, and as we continue to move, it will start to build, such that the fourth quarter will have a higher annualized impact than what you would see at this point from that perspective. So, a lot of good things, although some of the third-party savings is tied to conversions.  Or just to be transparent, there's some big card conversions coming up, some big conversions coming up in the wealth and broker dealer areas. So, like, right now, in Joe's world, he's planning to still stay on track with an earlier conversion in his broker dealer. I think that's going to be in the first part of 2021. If that stays on track, that might miss a little bit at the end of 2020, but he wasn't supposed to be there at the end of 2020. He's scheduled more for early 2021. But if that plays out, then some of those things will come in at that point in time. So…
Daryl Bible: The other minor point is remember that PPP loans that we're putting on the book have a zero percent risk rate. So, we put $10 billion on from the first round. That's not going to cost us any risk weighted capital.  And then, from a leverage number, even though we're going to fund it ourselves, it's not going to really cost us because we're basically just trading out at 10 basis points balance at the Fed to 100 basis points earning asset from PPP. So, from a capital perspective, those should be fine. 
Daryl Bible: Sure. Chris, we don't really have a good estimate on how much forgiveness is going to be out there. If I gave you a number, it would be a pure guess right now. So, I don't really know. Whether it goes out – my guess is, everybody's making the loans now. So, you've got a big tsunami. Remember, the SBA has to process all these forgivenesses in 60 days. It probably is going to take some time to process all that. So, my guess is it might linger on into three, four, five months before all the forgivenesses are happening, and we'll see how quickly they do that. But then, there will be some and portions of some loans that will stay the full two years. We will accrete the earnings and we're booking them at a discount. The last time I looked at our average discount that we'll put on the books, about 2.7% discount, and that will accrete in. And then, when it pays off for forgiveness, we'll take all that in at that point in time. It plays out to two years and you just earn it over that time period. 
Daryl Bible: John, I would just say – and one noteworthy thing, for the increase for Q1, about 70% of that reserve, that provision increase was related to commercial and about 30% was consumer. I have to look and see on the split between – I guess we can get back to you on that, John. On the split in the actual allowance itself, we can get you that. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah, that's exactly right. So, basically, your book value is lower. So, you apply your reserve against the lower balance. So, it helps you a little bit. But I think of it as its earnings that are coming in. Those earnings can be used to provide for other provision or could fall to the bottom line from an earnings perspective. 
Daryl Bible: You've got it? Yeah. John, back to your first question, the wholesale reserves for Q1 are about $2.270 billion and the consumer is $2.941 billion. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah. We definitely have more absorption, more cushion from that perspective. But also, I think when you just cut – the bank coming together and the diversification of how we came together, we really don't have any really significant exposures in any of our portfolios because, as we came together, we were much more diversified. And that should play out when the new stress test come out from the Fed later this quarter. Our hope is that we're going to have a really strong PPNR, a really strong loss number and very resilient capital ratio. We should, hopefully, be well under the 250 basis points stress capital buffer. 
Clarke Starnes III: Saul, we assume through a weighted probability of all those scenarios that Daryl described and we did our estimate. We assumed very sharp initial GDP contraction, a spike in unemployment and then lingering high-single digit unemployment for the two-year reasonable supportable period. And our mean reversion was basically similar to what we experienced after the Great Recession.  And so, then we get, to Daryl's point, a good bit of sensitivity analysis around the different stress portfolios. We looked at the historical and projected redefault rates on the different mods and deferrals. And we baked all of that into our qualitative overlay. So, we feel like the estimate today is the best we know. Obviously, if things deteriorate worse, then we would have to provide more. If it holds up as we projected, then we're well reserved. 
Clarke Starnes III: Yeah. Betsy, this is Clarke. On the consumer side, it's about $9 billion. That's for both onUps and Service for Others. So, it's about $8 billion for balance sheet. So, roughly 3%. On the commercial side, it's about roughly $10 billion or so, 5% or 6%. So, again, I would note the far majority of all of our re-agings have been with accounts that are current to start with, even in our subprime auto as an example. So, again, I think this is a very unusual environment. So, you have a lot of people that are worried that have – maybe have lost their job or maybe have not, but they're worried and they're just all little different than normal, in that most are current to start with. 
Clarke Starnes III: Yeah. And again, if the economy actually underperforms those scenarios, we would have to provide more, but based on what we know today, we think we're well reserved, but we're certainly watching it. 
Clarke Starnes III: This is Clarke. I would say yes to that question. Across all our asset classes, we've done pretty extensive reviews and we have made underwriting and risk acceptance changes as appropriate. You would expect us to do. So, I think we would be more on the conservative end, and they are in place today. We've also worked hard to be very careful about what we call any non-essential lending right now, given the uncertainty.  So, as far as the modification requests, I'd say, from the commercial side, we've had a lot in the stressed industries that we laid out, things like hospitality, et cetera . And then, on the consumer side, it's been predominantly on the mortgage and all those sides right now. 
Kelly King: So, Betsy, keep in mind too that the effects of the Payroll Protection Program will keep people whole in terms of their income. And those that are furloughed, in most cases, as I understand it, their unemployment insurance because there was an increase in the normalized unemployment insurance substantially, in many cases, people have more take home income than they had before. So, it's hard to say exactly today, in the short run, that that would be a huge negative impact. Obviously, if this is extended and the government programs don't provide continued stimulus, then it will be a factor. But in the short run, the government has actually done a pretty good job in terms of providing short-term buffer. 
Kelly King: Well, all of it is, over term, still achievable. You're right, though some of it may be deferred because of the environment we're in today. Because of more people working away from the office, the connectivity, et cetera, there may be some things that we're not able to do as quickly as we had anticipated. But our people are studying this daily. And as of today, they have not discovered any material issues that will dramatically slow down our progression in terms of integration. And the progression of the integration is what drives call centers. 
Kelly King: We haven't disclosed that level of detail. I would tell you this that, for each of those segments, we have done detailed analysis, things like risk grade notching and a good bit of sensitivity to the downside. And each and every one of those, we've looked at the modification or deferral request. And so, we've used that to add additional overlays on top of what the models would have driven in. They're considerably higher than the other segments, I will just tell you that. 
Kelly King: And I will just point out one additional point. I said earlier, culture matters always. It really matters in a time like this. A really big part of our culture is just taking care of our teammates. We get that our clients come first, but you can't take care of your clients without doing a really good job for your teammates. So, Truist is unique in terms of having a fully paid for pension plan, 6%-on-6% 401(k) match. And then, we do things like $1,200 bonuses and premium pay for people on the lines. So, all of those things, our teammates really appreciate. And so, they see that, during difficult times, we're going to take care of them even if there's some sacrifice in terms of short-term profitability. We're going to take care of our teammates, so they can feel safe and secure, and then they can help our clients feel safe and secure. Those memories will be here for decades. And so, we feel very good about our culture. As Bill said, it is accelerating and it is strong as steel. 
Kelly King: So, Erika, just one comment. Daryl, can I add? You're right. You can count, I think, in terms of expenses being bifurcated. There are expenses that are independent of kind of the LIFO effect – some of our vendor contracts, some are independent of COVID and we've seen substantial reductions in run rate of vendor contracts already and more to come.  With regard to the teammates, there's a one-time big charge we had with regard to the $1,200 bonus, but the ongoing, from this point forward, teammate charges are not marginally incremental.  And in terms of the impact on the conversion, it really depends. But today, our people are functioning very well, working offsite. And keep in mind, in the technology area, we've already – we've had thousands of people working offsite forever. So, this is not a new idea. It's just more people doing it. And so, as long as they're able to continue to do their scoping and their mapping and their programming remotely, which now we see that they can, it's not self-evident that there will be a dramatic change with regard to our integration and conversion scheduling.
Kelly King: So, nobody's thinking about buybacks today. We are in a very strong capital position and are still accreting capital. We still made $1 billion even before adjustments this year – this quarter. So, we will be steadily moving up unless there are dramatic increases in loan losses, which we would not project at this time. Again, if it's a long U, that makes a difference. We all understand that. So, we have said that our intermediate term target was 10%. We've said we did that because of the uncertainties that we knew about with regard to the merger. We said we were doing it because of uncertainties we didn't know about. We didn't know about COVID, of course. But thank goodness, we did prepare for that. And we're in a really good position. Now, as those uncertainties subside in terms of the merger integration and surely the health crisis will go away and surely the economy will improve, then we have said, and I would reaffirm, we have capital opportunities as we go forward below that 10% level. It will depend on the then existing circumstances, but there are opportunities available for our shareholders. 
Kelly King: And if you recall, we had made some adjustments with regard to our underwriting standards even pre-COVID. So, we were already anticipating a potential slowdown. We had made adjustments already. 
Kelly King: And remember that, in all of our portfolios, essentially, the exposure was reduced in half because of the doubling of the denominator. So, it was an automatic diversification that's material in this kind of environment. 
Kenneth Usdin: Thank you. Good morning. Daryl, just wondering if we could step back out, step on the revenue side. You talked about second quarter revenues down a few percent. And just following on bit of the fee part that was just talked about, can you help us just understand NII versus fees? There's so many moving parts involved, but if you can directionally just help us understand the moving parts and direction of fees, that would be helpful. Thank you. 
Kenneth Usdin: And on the NII side, also can you just help us understand, your balance sheet looks like it's going to keep growing. You mentioned the difference between stated and core NIM. But can you help us understand – a lot of other peers are talking about NII growing from here. You guys have the purchase accounting as an extra factor in that. Any way you can help us just parse out the moving parts there too? Thanks.
Kenneth Usdin: Very much so, Daryl. We're going to talk about LIBOR. And that is a point I was wondering if you could talk about. How are you seeing LIBOR normalize down as you look out over time? Thanks for all the color. 
