Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist second quarter 2021 earnings call. With us today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kelly King; President and COO, Bill Rogers; and our CFO, Daryl Bible. During this morning's call they will discuss Truist second quarter results and also share perspectives on how we continue to activate upon our purpose, our progress on our merger, and current business conditions. Chris Henson, Head of Banking and Insurance and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer are also in attendance participate in the Q&A portion of our call. The accompanying presentation, as well as our earnings release, and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist Investor Relations website, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on slides two and three of the presentation regarding these statements and measures as well as the appendix for appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. In addition Truist is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized live and achieved webcast are located on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Kelly. Before we move to Q&A though, I'd like to quickly turn it to Bill who'd like to share a few concluding thoughts.
Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Kelly. Thank you, Bill. Shannon, at this time, we're now ready to start Q&A. So, if you'll explain to our listeners how they can participate in the Q&A session. I'd like to ask the participants to limit yourselves to one primary and one follow-up so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Ankur Vyas: That concludes our call. Thank you, Shannon. Thanks everybody for joining. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest in Truist. We hope you have a great day. Shannon, you can now disconnect the call.
Kelly King: Just want to make a couple of comments with regard to our value proposition this quarter focusing on our markets and capital. We are really very, very pleased that 70% of our net new accounts are opened by new households. We think this shows market share gains in migration in our markets and our digital advantage as about half of our new accounts are opened online. All of this, interestingly is happening in the face of large number of branch closures that Daryl described where client retention is a very strong 98% plus, which is really fantastic in any type of merger. As mentioned, our CCAR performance lowered risk in the economy, reduced risk in our conversion process, which Daryl discussed gives us great confidence to propose a meaningful increase in our dividend to a record $0.48 and reduce our target CET1 to 9.75%. Just wanted to emphasize that again to make sure you get that, because that's important. We also are very confident in achieving, as Daryl said, our $1.6 billion net cost saves based on a number of initiatives that are driving the reconceptualization of our business; our expense reductions and our industry-leading profitability. We believe that the combination of that will support our investments in future strategies and leading technology investments. Then finally, if you'll just flip to Slide 23, just wanted to make a couple of points that how the metrics and numbers support that value proposition. As we've said before, we have a really exceptional franchise; we have the highest projected population growth compared to our peers in our marketplaces; we have really good fee income diversity with our investments in insurance, investment banking, and wealth; we are really uniquely positioned from a profitability perspective with our adjusted diluted EPS at $1.55, up 89% adjusted return on average tangible common equity at a strong 24.7% and we have strong capital, as Daryl described as well. So, if you look at the quarter overall, it was a strong quarter based on our strong culture, great markets, awesome team. There are plenty of challenges out there, the pandemic is getting better, the economy is getting better and overall at Truist, we fully believe our best days are ahead. Ankur, we'll turn it back to you.
Kelly King: I do just want to note that this is also Daryl's 50th conference call. So, congratulations to Daryl, but thank you, Bill, for that. I just wanted to say to our audience that has supported us over all these years, it has been honor and a blessing to have worked with thousands of Truist teammates over all these years to serve our communities and I really, really cherish that opportunity. I'll also just say to all of us that banking is an honorable profession, which serves to help build better lives and communities every single day. I am humbled and proud to have been a part of it. Thank you for your support. We appreciate it and as I've said many times, I truly believe our best days are ahead.
Kelly King: Hey, Gerard, I would like to add. Bill and I and others have been on regional visits virtually so far this this year, and we've talked, I guess, build a hundreds of offshore business clients and feedback. And I think it's a really big deal. Universally has been extremely confident and positive. They're all talking about projects that they're working on. It is -- as Bill just dropping in and show up and reshoot, I personally think it will really begin to show up as we head in third and fourth quarter and certainly undergo a strong 2022, but the confidence level is very, very high.
Kelly King: So, John, our waterfall of priorities has not changed in all these years. And it's what we would think good stable long-term investors would appreciate. The number one is always organic growth is highest payback for your shareholders. The second is a good stable long-term increasing dividend payout. Third is M&A and we have good opportunities there and that's been very, very encouraging. And fourth is buyback and we will do that aggressively when it's appropriate.
Bill Rogers: Might make you feel a little uncomfortable, but so bear with me. So, given this is Kelly's last and 50th earnings call as CEO, I just want to spend a few minutes highlighting his legacy, just incredible positive impact on BB&T, Truist, the banking industry, and our communities during his 49-year career in banking. I could take hours to do this, but I won't given that we only have a few minutes, but I thought this group of analysts and investors would appreciate who followed his career. Kelly joined BB&T in 1972 and I thought it was great irony that earlier this week he spoke to our leadership development program, individuals, and teammates who joined just the same way you did, Kelly. When he speaks about the benefits of a growth mindset, positive thinking, choosing to be happy, and seeing opportunities and change just like he just did, he speaks from his personal experience and his heart. Kelly's humble roots give him a genuine appreciation for all people. They've driven his Seeds of Hope initiative and played a key role in our value of caring which says everyone and every moment matters. He's also the driving force with our happiness value. Positive energy changes lives and he exhibits that daily for our teammates and for our clients. Kelly became CEO in 2009 in the depths of the global financial crisis. BB&T was one of the few banks to remain profitable through every quarter through that crisis. When he began at BB&T, it was a small bank in Eastern North Carolina with about $250 million in assets. When he became CEO, the bank had a $152 billion assets, and today, Truist has $520 billion in assets. Market cap is 4 times during his tenure. Always a forward thinker, Kelly is a purpose driven leader who steered BB&T through tremendous change, not just to survive, but to thrive through the Great Recession, multiple economic downturns, and now, through a global pandemic and our merger of equals. In addition to traversing tumultuous business headwinds, I admire he's never lost sight of his personal purpose, which is to make a positive meaningful difference in the lives of as many people as possible. His empathy, compassion, and leadership had tremendous impact on just to name in fairness a few financial education for more than 1 million high school students through the Truist Financial Foundations; childhood literacy, which is a passion of his through a new reading app called WORD Force, which is just getting started; community service through the Lighthouse Project, positively impacting the lives of more than 20 million people since its inception in 2009. Kelly has always had an interest in and a commitment to leadership development. It's the foundation for the Truist Leadership Institute in Greensboro, many of you've been there. It has been renamed the Kelly S. King Center in his honor. It not only trains executives to become better and more self-aware leaders, but it also offers customized training at no cost for principals and has certified many, many students at no cost through our Emerging Leaders curriculum, which is provided in partnership with over 80 colleges and universities. Kelly is known for saying there's no facet of society that cannot be improved through better leadership. Before our merger, I knew Kelly well. I also listened to these calls Kelly, many of your 50 calls. We joined forces with a concept that we can truly build a purposeful company that stood for something better and outperformed with consistency over the long-term. Kelly, you were the perfect leader to start us on that journey. Your inspirational leadership was a positive catalyst for all of us. So, with a heartfelt thank you for your leadership, your contributions to Truist, to our industry, and personally for our friendship. I look forward to our continued partnership and collaboration with you going forward as you transition to the role of Executive Chair for our Board of Directors. So, now we can turn it over to Q&A. Kelly, thank you.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Sure, Gerard. As I've mentioned, production in June in CIG and CCB was sort of hitting some high points. So, we started to see a little bit an inflection point. In CIG, a lot of that came from industrials, healthcare, tech, that probably doesn't surprise you, I mean, I think as we think about that, infrastructure that's ahead of us. I think energy is a potential for the future. I'll put that a little bit of the question mark, it's probably the light green of a green chute. And CCB, really good progress in our middle market, a lot in our verticals. Senior care, I think, that's really coming back strong. Our dealer network, so we've -- despite the outstandings, our exposure dealer is going up and then just sort of our government services. Again, I don't think those are surprises. Those are pretty core parts of our economy. Overall, revolver commitments were up. So, as I said earlier, I think the capacity of our clients to invest. The -- when this will come? I think that's sort of the question. I don't think -- I think it's -- I don't think it's an – if I feel like we're in a good position, whether that manifests itself so much in the second quarter. Remember, we still have some headwinds with PPP. But our tailwinds, I think the dealer part will rebound. I mean, you'll see the supply chain start to normalize whether that happens at the end of this year or first next year, I don't know, but that will rebound. The economy, particularly in our markets utilization, and just as Kelly mentioned, our just core executions just gets better every day. So, I think those are tailwinds.
Bill Rogers: Yes, I think Chris had it exactly right. And remember, Mike, I mean, these cut across a lot of different parts and we like to think about the term of integrated relationship management. So that it cuts across clients and we're meeting clients’ needs and working backwards. But just to like, give an example, sort of in a Commercial Community Bank, we doubled the number of transactions that we did in the quarter versus last quarter. And these might be where we were left lead, this might be where we were in M&A transaction. And the pipeline has also doubled where it was before. So, as a percent of the growth -- as a percent of the total, it's a smaller percent; as a percent of the incremental growth, it's a larger percent. And I think that's going to continue to grow the momentum, the cultural alignment, the -- all the parts that we've built as part of One Truist, I just feel -- I feel great about it, and that I think that momentum will continue. And you'll see it in just -- the way I think you'll see it as versus revenue synergies, specifically, what you'll see it as an incremental growth relative to others.
Bill Rogers: John, just to emphasize that, and Kelly said it, I mean, -- and you see in our results, I mean our organic opportunities are significant. So what we see with our markets where we see our ability to invest and -- so that's going to be priority one, and it continues to enhance.
Bill Rogers: Yes, I think John, what we've said consistently is as the risk of the merger comes down and our confidence in the economy goes up, we'll evaluate that target. So, I think we're going to be on that trajectory. And I mean, it would be logical that our confidence is going to improve on the merger and improves every day. Daryl outlined a pretty good chart of the things that we've been doing. And then we'll all look and see how the economy is doing. So, we don't we don't want ever timebound that decision. It's really timebound by what's happening in our company and what's happening in the general economy.
Bill Rogers: Yes, John, on the M&A side, I think we'll be consistent with the things that we've seen. I mean, obviously, in the insurance side, we've had really good experience there and I would expect that to continue. We talked in Betsy's question about some of the enterprise payments, some of the opportunities we have there, some of the point of sale, I mean things that have been important to us strategically digital, perhaps, but things have been important to us strategically, we'll be consistent. I mean it would be -- we won't go sort of off-track from our from our core consistency. And as it relates to President Biden's thing, the -- as it relates to our business, I mean, let's -- maybe take a large bank M&A off the table, we've already done one of those. So, we feel we feel really good about that. But as it relates to our business, I mean, this really plays well with our sort of core middle market business. I mean, if you think about the place where we offer advice and where we see activity in the future, we think we're actually really, really well-positioned.
Bill Rogers: Yes, Daryl outlined in that one chart sort of all the different components that we're doing. As relates to the core conversion, we outline in there on the fall we'll convert the Heritage BB&T clients. In the first quarter, we'll convert the core STI clients. And that's on a much more agile platform that exists today. So, we're going to have a lot more flexibility in the things that we can do and the movements we can make and the assimilation of acquisitions, the ability to leverage APIs and do more things with that platform, and we are absolutely on track and as you can imagine we're monitoring this on a daily, hourly type basis. We're in just about in the dress rehearsal part for the fall. We're well into the UAT and SIT testing and feel good about where we are.
Chris Henson: Gerard, this is Chris. I might just add that we had 16 of our 22 regions that were actually positive in C&I growth, less dealer this quarter.
Chris Henson: And so coming back, Elyse, to your question, and I just preface this with comments that we took sort of a white sheet of paper to this business back in early 2018, brought in a consultant and really begin to break the business down and look at all the opportunities to put the pieces back together. I think what you're seeing here is a three-year -- end of a three-year period of where we have really taken a lot of steps to build back a business in the most effective way possible in a really good operating environment. So, I would have to say this is fundamentally the best quarter I have seen in this business in my career and I've been working on this business a long time. And we are, by the way, cranking off as we conclude the first three-year period, we're kicking off another three-year period, because we think there's more that we can do and will do to improve this business. But to get to your question, what's really driving organic growth is pricing in the industry I think probably peaked in the fourth or first quarter of fourth quarter, 2020 or first quarter this year, it was sort of in the up 7% range where we're now if you read all the industry information kind of in up, call it 6% kind of range. But we really believe while rates have moderated a little, we believe that it's still going to be very positive throughout the balance of 2021. You might have potential for a little slight moderation, but we still think it's very strong in the up category in the mid 5% to 6% kind of category. And we just entered hurricane season, by the way; in the fall was wildfire season. So, you never know, it could just hold or even increase from there depending on what happens. Our client retention in retail is at 91.8% and that's up a 1% over the last year. And in a hard market environment that favors wholesale more, that is a -- that is very much a positive. Our wholesale business is 86.1%, it's up 2%, also very strong. But we are continuing to see risk shift from the standard market that supports retail to wholesale. Probably the most notable driver of organic growth was just our new business production and that is driven just by core GDP growth. And so we're in the up portion of the V right now from an economic perspective. And so 24.5% business -- new business growth is double, the best I've seen historically, year-to-date, we're up 19%. So, we get organic growth rate -- total growth rate of 18.8%, but when you strip out acquisitions organic of 14.8%. We are including in this quarter $29 million of revenue from prior acquisitions, that does not include Constellation, which we just closed on July 1, but includes if you looked at annual run rates, it's about $130 million or prior acquisitions we did, Truist a number of seven or eight to the back half of last year and the first part of this year. So, that's sort of the organic growth question. But to get to your outlook question, just remember we're going from our seasonally strongest quarter of the year to our seasonally weakest quarter from second to third. So, we expect commissions to be down about 8% going from second to third. And there's still certainly uncertainties, but we just think the environment looking forward is still very favorable. When you think of improving economy with the GDP and improving employment, which really drives our AB business, increasing pricing, as we just said and sort of 6% range. And then we benefit from the shift to the E&S market via our very strong wholesale business because while we operate a diversified model, quite frankly. We think pricing is going to continue to be strong. You're seeing sort of the drivers in the industry this quarter. Umbrella in excess is up 11.6%, D&O is up 11%, commercial property, which we have a disproportionate exposure to is up 9.6%, that's really good for us. So, we expect for the third quarter high single-digit organic growth in our weakest quarter, that would be the highest growth that I've seen historically, period. But we're seeing -- we're expecting high single-digit growth in our weakest quarter, which I think is fantastic for the business. And just remember, we did close Constellation on July 1st and that adds %160 million in revenue and really helps us form one of the largest programs divisions in wholesale units of any wholesale provider going forward.
Chris Henson: No, it is in our forecast. So, what you're typically saying I mean, last year, you'd have seen second or third, we would drop maybe $75 million this year, you would have seen a $90 million drop, but with the addition of this number, you'd see something like $50 million because you've got $160 million annually.
Chris Henson: Now, there's expense synergies, so this business actually the margin is accretive for overall margin. So, I think there are expenses, but they're synergies that are coming out.
Chris Henson: Absolutely, Betsy. Thank you for saying that. That is a -- that has been a focus of ours through our -- we really think of it in terms of point of sale. And when we talk about insurance and wealth and CIG, we probably should add sort of a point of sale focus through our core, Sheffield and you also have Live Stream, now we have a group of partnerships that are a little bit more indirect. Buying patterns have clearly changed by consumers. I no longer come to their bank to purchase their items I bought on the spot, and they want it just that way, and now they want it digitally just that way as well. So, we're working on all the above. And I think we have opportunities within our current business to expand verticals like hearing aids and do more in the way of trailers and that kind of thing. So, there are opportunities there, but I think we're also looking at other opportunities to expand like -- in the home improvement space would be a good place, there's a lot going on there. So, it's an area we're really focused on and something that we're really excited about. And it's an industry that has north of 20% kind of growth rates. So, we're very excited about the opportunity.
Daryl Bible: Yes, thanks for the question, Gerard. What I would tell you is that when we established our CECL day one number, we waited our pessimistic scenario of 40%. If you look at the economy now and the growth that we're seeing and outlook, our waiting is much less than that. So, as the economy plays out throughout this year, there is a chance that we could pierce through and maybe go over or go under our CECL day one number that we started with in January of 2020 from that perspective. I think you have to take a quarter-by-quarter and see how it's performing. But right now, the economy seems to be going on really strong and gaining momentum.
Daryl Bible: I think the operating ratio initially is like 70% for Constellation, if you want to add any expenses, but the transaction. 
Daryl Bible: If you look at it versus prior year, we'll probably be up anywhere from 5% to 10% range in that neighborhood. We did have some other income in there from our venture capital portfolios there, but be honest with you, we continue to invest in that. And that continues to be part of run right as we move forward. So, it's going to be lumpy back and forth, but it is going to be continuing to grow over time from that.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Matt. In our deck, we have that waterfall slide where we actually take our adjusted numbers and we back out three things, our non-qualified numbers we back that out. We back out insurance acquisitions and run rate because we're trying to compare back to what we looked like in 2019. And then with a huge growth that we've seen in our CIG area and our wealth area and our insurance area, just organic growth, that's great to have those revenues. But those revenues do have expenses, but those are good expenses. We're adjusting for those as well. So, that's what we're adjusting to, to try to get back to what we look like when we put the merger together in 2019.
Daryl Bible: Yes, it's going to be the number, the 2.94% will be the number on the right at the end of the waterfall. That's a core expense, it's not a run rate number. A run rate number is the adjusted number, which basically backs out your merger and restructuring charges, and your incremental MOE. That will tend to basically come down dramatically after the first quarter of next year when we finish our core bank conversions and go away totally by the end of 2022.
Daryl Bible: The adjusted number is the run rate number on a go-forward basis. All core does is basically try to back out because we're a dynamic company that's constantly changing and growing and doing things, we have to back out our expense bases that basically have benefited over the last two years of coming together. So, we're trying to show you that we're getting the 1.6% off of that original expense base by not penalizing us for the additional fee revenue growth that we received over the last couple years and acquisitions that we've done.
Daryl Bible: -- get into $1.6 billion cost saves. So, we'll get that by the end of 2022. We have a lot of things going on in the company right now, besides those five bucket of savings, which we're making tremendous progress in. Kelly talked about the voluntary separation and retirement program that we announced that basically, we have some teammates that volunteer to go away, basically the first wave of that will happen on 9/30, so you'll see the impact of that in the fourth quarter. That will continue to come down over the next couple quarters. The waves probably -- three or four waves overall to get everybody that volunteer to go -- to exit the company. And then Kelly and Bill talked about basically going through all of our processes and adjustments that we're making to have come together and get more efficiencies and scale. When we came together in 2019, we knew what we knew then, we know a lot more now and we're continuing to make our company much more efficient and improved. And we'll have savings from that all through 2022. But to be honest with you, we're creating fuel that basically will not only fall to the bottom-line, but we're also continuing to make a lot more investments in our businesses, in wealth, insurance, CIG, and other areas and we're also investing in technology and digital with this savings that we're getting.
John Pancari: Morning. Just on that -- on the M&A front, I know, just indicated that there are -- you see some good opportunities there. Could you just give us your updated thoughts on that front? What type of M&A are you most interested in? And then separately, I'm curious to get your thoughts on President Biden's Executive Order, which seems to be implying greater scrutiny around larger bank deals. Want to see if that makes you think any differently about future deals? Thanks.
John Pancari: Great, that's helpful Bill. And then separately just on your systems conversion, could you just give us a status update on where you stand on your core deposit conversion system? Just I want to confirm, are you definitely moving to a new system and not a legacy system when it comes to the core deposit banking system? And then where are you on that progress in that actual -- that part of the tech migration? Thanks.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks Bill. And Kelly, I wish you all the best. It's been a great ride and you should be proud.
