Clarke Starnes: Hey Betsy, this is Clarke. I’ll take that. As we told you, we feel very comfortable about our current mark, at $0.55 blended, because that’s basically what we’ve sold the NPLs for that we have under contract for the quarter, so we think right now, based on our four pronged strategy, I would say we’re not out there just to liquidate all these in bulk at auction with high liquidity premiums. So the four pronged strategy is important for us to get the blended rate that we want. We’ve also got good response from the investors. We work very hard, they have been very complimentary about our documentation in the files, and the actual assets themselves, they were better looking than what they had seen, other purchases they had made. We feel good about what we’re selling and how we’re selling it, and so I guess the proof will be in the pudding, around whether we continue to sell at these rates, and if we’re not able to, obviously we would have additional impairment through future quarters against other income, so again, we feel good where we are right now, and we’re very confident we’ll get these assets liquidated over the next several quarters.
Clarke Starnes: Well, I mentioned to you that we were pleased that they turned down from Q2, particularly in the commercial area. Actually, if you look at it, commercial was down, residential mortgage was down, home equity was down, and we were basically flat in sales finance and specialized lending, which they had seasonal impact on the second half, so we feel good. But you have some seasonal influence there, but going against that seasonality was real improvement, particularly in the commercial area. I think what gives us the best confidence there is the fact that our watch list is not incrementally going up, so as long as the watch list is stabilizing and the inflows there are going down, then we feel confident that we will see lower nonaccrual inflows as we move forward.
Clarke Starnes: Jeff, this is Clarke. Again, we’re running – our mortgage delinquency runs lower than the industry average, so again, what we produced is principally prime conforming and sold to Freddie and Fannie, we have a little bit of FHA, we have about $9 billion of governmental FHA and VA, so again, we think our delinquencies are less. Our discussions with the agencies kind of support the fact that they view our credit better than the industry, and we’ve not seen a huge increase in the repurchase request at this point, and we still resolve a number of those even before any sort of repurchase activity, so I think our relationships with the GSE is very good and there’s no indication through those discussions that we have any impending significant increase.Jefferson Harralson – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Clarke Starnes: Good question, just to give you some color, NPA inflows were $1.262 billion for the quarter, $934 million was in the commercial area, that was down from $1.5 billion in Q2. Our mortgage was 145, down from over 200, and our home equity was about 58 down from 62, so you see the big number is still the commercial inflows, and again, we were actually pleased for the quarter, because we purposely did less mods, TDR mods, and we were more aggressive in forcing stuff to non-accrual or through liquidation, particularly into the warehouse on the held for sale, so I think you see all that reflected in the number, which is still certainly higher than we want it to be, but it’s still down. So again, it goes back to the watch list is improving, that’s the acid test, and so I think for us, we would suggest that the trajectory ought to start coming down over the next several quarters, and the absolute levels will be more dependent upon how strong the economy engages here, and if things continue to hold up. Hopefully it will be sooner rather than later.
Clarke Starnes: We believe unless there’s a unforeseen significant shock in the economy, in our view of the internal state markets, where they are today, we would be hopeful that you’re probably talking about one or two, not a number of quarters.
Clarke Starnes: We don’t typically disclose our internal watch list. I would just tell you it was a meaningful reduction, particularly over the last 60 days or so, but again, what we said and feel good about is that it peaked in the spring, and it’s very much stabilizing, despite these more aggressive efforts to identify and liquidate these assets, given the market timing issues we’ve talked about before.
Clarke Starnes: As Kelly indicated, we moved $1.3 billion of NPL assets in and aggressively marked those which really drove up the total losses for the quarter. We don’t see anything on the underlying core losses, as we said, that would change our forecast, and it’s not our intent to move a slug that large in Q4, so we don’t intend or see any big Q4 seasonal clean up, if you will, at this point.
Clarke Starnes: That’s correct. Between the initial non-accrual marks, the time we put these in the non-accrual, the transfer, charge down of the allocated reserve and in the final charge off mark, we took off total about that 45% range.
Clarke Starnes: The gross amount, which we would call the unpaid principle balance, what the client actually owes us, was roughly $1.7 billion, the book balance after initial write downs, but prior to reserve, was approximately $1.3 billion.
Clarke Starnes: Typically, at the time of non-accrual, we would generally, depending on the asset class; I know your question is probably concerning commercial, it’s approximately 25%, can be as high as 30%. So very asset specific, but it’s generally going to be in the 25 to 30% range. And that does not include our allocated reserves. That’s just the non-accrual mark. We have additional reserves, obviously, on those lines. So the combination is very similar to the 45%.
Clarke Starnes: I would say this, we are seeing in several interests, back to Kelly’s point, investors particularly like the late deterioration in the Carolina’s market, they’re coming in now and buying in particular some land and holding inventory in anticipation of a better market ahead.
Daryl Bible: The $321 million is really the earnings impact, you get it through the price of $0.55 that we have it on the books, plus any sales that we did through the quarter, just a combination of both of the pieces. Remember, some of the loans were already written down and some of them already had specific reserves attached to it.
Daryl Bible: Hey Gerard, Daryl here. You know, that’s a very difficult forecast to make. I would probably say we could give you much better color next quarter when we go through kind of our target for 2011. What I would tell you is as long as we continue to get momentum on the balance sheet, and our loans are growing, and we’re having capable mixed changes there, and we’re at security on deposit strategies, all of those are positive. As we dispose of our non-accrual assets, that’s positive. So you know, I don’t want to give you a forecast yet, but you know, the trends are looking good, and better, so we can get through the next quarter and then we’ll be able to give you a better outlook.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, Chris, we had 6 point increase net, so loans were up $18 million, securities were down $12 million. If you actually look at the accredable yield piece, that also improved. We were at $2.9 billion last quarter and now we’re at (inaudible 1:05:13).
Kelly King: Yeah, Bob. I think the Carolina market is pretty similar to what we see across the board. If you take the non real estate sectors, then what you see is the first five or six months we had a pretty good increase in activity, then frankly it’s kind of been stalled in the last, let’s say three months or so. When you talk to people, it’s really about hesitation, about the uncertainty coming out of Washington, some people are just waiting for the election. But there’s a pretty strong demand, and the people need to invest. They need to expand plans, they need to buy equipment, so they’re just waiting for the election. Now my own sense is, based on the polls and from talking to people, I think we are going to get a positive change at the election, in which case confidence will be restored, so I think you will see momentum picking up. So I feel like Carolina is in lock step with the rest of the mid-Atlantic and Southeast. In terms of our sales activity, these things are encouraging. Even when the general economy stalls, you know, some modest investor appetite has not changed. One thing I’ve observed over 38 years is when you go through these cycles, the smart money knows when to act, and the smart money is out looking, today. They know, I believe, that we’re on the edge – at the inflation point, they know we’re likely to see, after the election, a renewed level of confidence, so a lot of uncertainty will be removed. They know with trillions of dollars of monetary and fiscal spend put into this economy that you’re going to see a round of inflation and higher interest rates, and so smart money moves to buy real estate at this point in the cycle. They’re going to know the cycle, they do it at the end of the year, and I think it will continue.
Kelly King: And Craig, I would just add to that, given what Clarke had said, that’s pretty important, because we are very conservative in terms of putting them on the watch list. We always have been, we don’t want to fool ourselves, we don’t want to fool anybody else, so if we have concerns, we put it on the watch list. So the fact that it is stabilizing and starting to go down is a really important point.
Kelly King: Good question. As you would suspect, a fair amount of inventory in the Atlanta area and the Florida markets, and just because the sheer size of our portfolio, we have some Carolinas credits in there as well, so a good niche for that. Those would be the three largest markets for what we put in, and it would be a similar story on what we’ve been able to sell, or put under contract.
Kelly King: Chris, you know, I think right now what’s happened is everybody is kind of still hunkered down focusing on getting through this part of the cycle. I think everybody that I’ve talked to at various meetings, in general, believes that as we head into the mid part of ’11, you’re going to begin to see a lot of merger discussions. I think they’re settling in a pretty clear reality that we are going to go through a pretty substantial level of consolidation, just because the major things have changed. I mean, you know, it’ll be tough to generate revenue for a lot of institutions in a sluggish economy. We have huge increase in technologic and regulatory costs, and so the economics of producing a superior term is changing. I think that’s kind of settling in on people’s minds, so I think what you’ll see is a lot of discussion in the early part of the year, probably more activity in the mid to latter part of the year. Now we think we are well positioned in terms of future merger opportunities, we’re – we think we one of the best positioned if not the best positioned in the mid Atlantic or southeast in terms of being a consolidated, just because of the cost save opportunities, as well as the fact that we think our story plays well in terms of revenue generation, with this cycle, which has been best in our peer group. So you know, it’s hard to know, we’re not out today trying to create mergers, I’ll tell you that, and I don’t think anybody else is. But I do think we would be very positive with regard to having discussions in the next 12 months or so.
Kelly King: Yeah, Kevin, that’s a major discussion issue for us, and probably most big companies. As you well know, dividend strategies are important to us, just because of our substantial level of retail clients. So you know, we want to be, frankly, one of the early ones to see some type of dividend increase. I would remind you that we have the second highest dividend yield in our peer group today, but we’re unlike a lot of our peers, because we were the last to cut, and we cut it only $0.15, and we already have a $0.2 ½ dividend yield, but I think you can begin to think about us being probably one of the earliest ones to raise -- our actual incremental rate may not be as much as others, just because of where we already are. That having been said, the issue, as you all know, Kevin, that we have to look at is we need to continue to see more clarity in the economy, I think you’ll see a lot better clarity after the election. At least from my point of view, I think you need to see continued, improved loan quality, trends we are seeing, but we still have to see this regulatory capital issue resolved, you know, around Basal III, we’ll be getting more information kind of almost by the day, but we need to kind of let them settle in on what that’s going to be before anybody can make a decision. So I’m pretty optimistic as we head into next year, or the next few quarters, we’ll be in a position to consider a small dividend increase, I think we’ll keep our yield at probably a very attractive level, relative to others, and we’ll just have to take it a quarter at a time. I don’t want to mislead anybody, the truth is, today we just don’t know. There’s still uncertainty. But it’s a lot more certain today than it was six months ago.
Kelly King: Well, what we did was we looked really hard at our large watch list accounts, as we always do, and we aggressively, as we begin to disposition strategies, force those accounts toward liquidations, which resulted in the non-accruals. That process continues today, and that’s why the inflows aren’t down more, and we’re doing less modifications, but it’s the same watch list accounts that we’re working through.
Kelly King: It all depends on the economy and the markets and how the individual clients perform against those variables. But we need to see inflows probably more in the $500 million range to get that inflection, so we don’t believe we’re that radically far from it, particularly with the aggressive actions we’re taking. We think we can get there in a reasonable period of time.
Kelly King: It was over 50%. Really almost two-thirds, because we had a little bit of commercial ADC in there as well.
Kelly King: Thanks everybody for your questions. Let me just make a couple of wrap up comments. First of all, we consider this, overall, a very, very good quarter. The underlying points – our business is strong, our client service metrics are at historic highs, and I remind you that’s a core issue with any company. Moving forward is what kind of value proposition are you in the marketplace. Loan growth accelerated during the quarter in non real estate areas, that’s a really big deal. We’re maintaining positive revenue growth, in a very challenging environment. In fact, this is the second quarter we got best in our peer group from 608 through 610, so very strong growth, positive revenue growth. You know, our primary challenge relates to late cycle credit issues, primarily ADC which Clarke has addressed very well. We will outperform through the whole cycle and emerge through the whole cycle. When you look at the shareholders value, and we’re very confident we’ll be (inaudible) disposition strategy. I do understand people with questions about it, it’s nothing new. We’ve said all along that our clients would lag through this segment, we said that our NPAs would increase in a lagging fashion, and we simply decided it was time because of the increased investor appetite to dispose of remaining levels of nonperforming assets, which is exactly what we’re doing, and the execution was very consistent with what we expected. So we’re very confident that it will be executed appropriately. Finally, just to remind you, the sense of BB&T, because I think there’s all this focus on real estate can overshadow the core issues, which is the real important sense of BB&T. We have significant revenue strategy growth going forward, we talked about wealth, we talked about large corporate, we talked about specialized lending areas, we talked about DDA improvement, just huge, huge relative opportunities for us. It’s the remediation process and others that have the capital to be able to pursue it, it’s going to be huge, we’re already seeing that happening. Our community banking structure continues to be the best strategy in the marketplace in terms of providing best value proposition. There will be merger opportunities as we move through this cycle. We will be appropriate aggressive with regard to that, we have growing markets, even those Florida and Atlanta are subdued today, I remind you that they are fantastic markets in the long term point of view, with 18 million people in Florida and it’s still warm in January. Don’t forget that when you think about the future. And we believe we have the best overall team on the field today. So we’re very confident about the future, you know, it’s easy in the depths of the summer storms that on the other side there’s typically a really pretty rainbow. At BB&T we are looking forward to the rainbow and we are excited about the future. Thank you all for your support, and have a great day.
