Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So overall again I think it was a very solid quarter. Relative to the market we had really good loan performance, excellent deposit growth, good fee income, record quarter for insurance, expenses were lower exile [ph] seasonal in pension expense. Most importantly we are well-positioned for the rest of the year and going forward. Our non-bank businesses have really given us diversified income which is less volatile. Efficiencies in M&A are really going to begin to pay off for us. In this environment it's really about consistent strategies and excellent execution. That is what BB&T is good about. Alan…
Kelly King: Erika, that is obviously the question of the day I think for every. So, I tell you what I personally think. I think the Fed is going to raise short-term rates in the June to September time frame in spite of all their rhetoric about the recent changes and so forth. The reason is because I think they believe they need to get started on moving off the zero-based level. The economy is not great, but it's not bad. They really need to begin getting to psychology for a movement in rates, because at some point you've got to get rates up so when you go down you have some cushion. Now, having said that, I don't think you can expect a quarter every time they meet. And so, it is going to be a quarter that kind of signal's that its started and I think they're going to be very cautious about their wording and maybe even they'll say give you a quarter and kind of take it back, you know? Don't spend thins come right back. My point is they will start the process. So, I don't think over the next year and a half or so you should expect a material change in rates even though there will be a change in the direction. That means the rate environment will still be challenging for us and everybody else. And so, you know, our plans in general are we keep hoping and it would be nice if rates went up a lot. We're not counting on that. We're planning on running our business assuming that the environment about like it is, and we think we've got strategies to enable us to do that.
Kelly King: I think, Erika, everybody is experiencing the same environment Eric the interest rate you just alluded to has challenges in terms of technological costs going up a lot. Regulatory costs are going up, and you can't beat that environment by making poor quality loans and low priced loans. It is a very challenging environment. In to be honest, in this kind of environment it is a cost control game. You can't do so much in – that looks like adding scale. Do as much as you can organically but you can't push that because you might get scale and expenses but you lose it on net income as a provision. Our answer is mergers make more sense for us. I do believe to your point, Erika, others are beginning to see the same thing and I don't think that's a sign of witness for them. I think it's just a sign of scale advantages in a tough environment that's going to persist for some time. I expect the conversations to be more kind of practical and realistic about M&A going forward because I think everybody is settling into the recognition that is going to be a protracted tough environment.
Kelly King: Gerard, you have been watching us a long time Mike I have. This time it is tougher and the reason is because there are more actors out there. What we've got going on globally is obviously an extended period of really low interest rates and what's that is doing is causing assets all around the world to be chased by a lot of money. The U.S. has relatively higher yields anywhere except in China. Money from everywhere is – higher-yielding assets in the U.S. ensure enough in private equity funds and hedge funds and business development corporations, all kinds of factors out there competing with us – this environment is tougher than it was before. Bank to bank competition first time versus last time, it is probably a little tougher – this kind of long-term extended – I think everybody is reacting to a really tough environment. I think some frankly of getting a little overzealous in terms of trying to chase – and taking a look bit more risk than they ought to. Everybody says everybody else does it and we don't do it so I'm not trying to be critical. I'm saying it is a tough environment and everybody is trying to do the best that they can do. At least for us we have said consistently we are not going to chase loan volume and expense for quality. 'S loan volume as I tell our board is extraordinarily good relative to the environment we are experiencing.
Kelly King: Gerard, to prove that point, Chris and I about three weeks ago went to Australia in Sydney and Melbourne and visited three banks using SAP and we got extremely confirming feedback in terms of quality – we could certainly double easily our size with this foundation.
Kelly King: Betsy, remember file there is a little bit of a lag time, in all three of these cases we think the light will be shorter than typical. The reason is because in all three cases we are entering very large markets with very, very low market shares, with more products, more services, our strategies are very effective in this kind of market. Rick and his team think that, and I totally agree, that will would be able to ramp up the revenue side of all three of these acquisitions very quickly relative to other traditional mergers.
Kelly King: I think, you know, these deals close, Betsy, and as we achieve cost saves, you know, positive operating leverage for the next six to eight quarters should be very achievable.
Kelly King: John, this is Kelly. You know, this environment is a different environment than any other we have played in. In the old days you could predict with a lot of positioned exactly when things could occur. It's really not that predictable today. As I said in the opening remarks we have a lot of confidence that will close in the second half. In all honestly at think it will close in the third quarter but I can't be precise enough whether it is July or August, I just can't be that precise.
Kelly King: Jeff, we think the asset sales – are frankly going content in your especially – optimize the use of capital. We think that is a good thing for banks like us because as we talked about organic growth on a good quality basis is challenging so we're looking at everything that's available out there in the marketplace. Obviously we would be interested in any huge megadeals like Wells Fargo as has been talked about but we look at deals that make sense for us. We are fairly positive that some of those acquisition opportunities will come to fruition.
Kelly King: Besides pension, we had an increase on – quarter pension and seasonal factors but on a like quarter basis, it is mainly the – is the main increase or decrease. We also and strong insurance revenue which tends to payout higher incentives so it's probably Ward incented related and pension related. We maybe had an uptick probably in health expenses and flex benefits from that perspective that would probably be the other driver.
Kelly King: This is Kelly, – as Chris said we did the American coastal thing about nine or so years a go. We did it at a time if you recall that most of the underwriters had left Florida and we were doing Florida and we want to show market support so without there was an opportunity to provide a bit of capital in that market and we have these really good underwriters in am risk that new that market extremely well but we only put $50 million in it. – we actually made a lot over the last seven or eight years and we frankly redeployed that into the – unit Chris described. We made some good money and decided not to be grieving took it off the table and we put it into the core part of our business that does not take risks..
Kelly King: Absolutely. We are majority holder of am risk, a clear majority. I call it a significant partnership interest. In terms that you ask about the balance sheets, we really experienced again on the transaction. It is just from a goodwill impairment perspective, we have to look at it from the context of the entire wholesale segment. When you take that into account we had a small impairment.
Kelly King: No, we had a positive economic gain because the overall proportion of that business in the overall insurance business. We have 90% ownership in am risk and that is a really good position for us because it is a very good business.
Kelly King: Marty, you have to keep in mind, our primary driver in this is diversification. Even if it's – were just not – not consistent with our long-term diversification strategy. We wanted to bring it down some. It's not dramatic but we wanted to bring it down some to get it in line with our justification plan.
Kelly King: Absolutely. I think that's an area that will create the training of the deposits in the system. I think it will create an opportunity for this asset investors to – and all of that will create asset pricing increase with the banking segment.
Kelly King: The deposit spreads – but I personally think is – simply because we have given up a lot of deposit you are things like NSF's and other actors over the last two or three years. I think all of that will be Incorporated into decision-making which will cause a lag on the deposit pricing as we go up.
Daryl Bible: Erika, on your second part of your question, the guidance that we gave for margin, even though Kelly believes the rates are going up, we always use the forward curve when we model our projections. And we ran our models this month, we basically had no rate increases for 2015. It was really the month of December which basically had no impact for our company and margin. So, to answer your question, you know, I would expect our core margin to probably drop about three basis points in the second quarter. From that standpoint you are assuming we are able to get our loan growth targets projecting for the next several quarters we expect core margin to be flat. GAAP margin will probably be about 10 basis points higher than that for the next couple of quarters. As Susquehanna comes online in the second half of the year, that will improve our GAAP margin probably in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 basis points potentially and as that gets closer we will probably give a little bit more color by then.
Daryl Bible: Gerard, the system we went to is an SAT general ledger system. It is a very proven ledger system and the industry. Not as much in the U.S., but around the world in Europe and other countries. I think this is very scalable and easily double our size and maybe much more. One of the large competitors in the U.S., one of the top four banks also just converted to this general ledger system and they are a trillion plus company so I think it is very scalable.
Daryl Bible: So for the acquisitions and the second-quarter impact, B etsy, if you take the 2-4% increase I would attribute 1.5% of that to city and the bank of Kentucky. It is real there and it is mainly in line items and personnel and occupancy are the main drivers for that category. As you get into third quarter, Susquehanna will have a much more significant impact. If you look at their expense base today it is about $500 million on an annualized basis. In the – days we have phased in going over 12 to 18 months so it's going to have an impact initial on our run rate. I think it will update that a little bit better next quarter as we get closer to that acquisition closing, but you can kind of look at Susquehanna's numbers they released yesterday and use that as a gauge and layer in expenses. We say we get a 32% – we think that is definitely doable over a 12 to 18 month period peak.
Daryl Bible: The city deal is one that is in for the second quarter for the whole amount and that is basically there is not a real difference between the revenue expense pretty much matching each other. I think over time is where we get the accretion. The loan growth and the headcount growth over time, that is how we get that accretion and we have been very successful. We expect this went to be on track so that is how that will be accretive. For bank of Kentucky we do get a loan portfolio of about $1.3 billion that were going to get towards the second quarter and that will have an impact on the first quarter from a revenue perspective.
Daryl Bible: We converted over Presidents' Day weekend in February. We ever really decommissioned the old system, that is going to take place later this quarter or into the third quarter. I think that will phase in over time. I would say the efficiency of the system plays out as we continue to automate and improve our manual processes to automated processes. It's going to take time for that to happen. The real benefit of these systems is there is any efficiency play for automation but it's really the more you can attach to the systems so now we have basically a work horse general ledger system. The key now is to try to get all of our other systems onto this system to get more efficiency to scale rather than have lots of other ancillary of the systems that support and convert more to the SAP environment so we have better control and more efficiencies and more automation. So that will play out over probably the next two to three years.
Daryl Bible: John, we have talked about this before over the last year or two. For us too have our core margin flattens out, we are really hoping and getting – loan categories. We need to get to the loan growth in our specialized businesses and our CRE businesses and those businesses to actually outgrow. But we are slowing their growth – lowest spread businesses. We are slowing the growth in prime auto which is also a slower spread business. As we slow that growth down and increase the growth in the others it is really the asset mix that is really what is driving the quarter stabilize. On the liability side there really isn't a whole lot of room to come down. That is really what we need to have happen for the core margin to stabilize.
Daryl Bible: If you just look at the core bank, we would expect – income to start to rise as our loan growth kicks in. As bank of Kentucky basically comes in towards the end of the second quarter and have the full effect in the third quarter, that would also be a benefit there. As Susquehanna closes sometime hopefully in the third quarter, that would also have a huge benefit. But just all core basis by itself, we believe and are I will start to grow from second to third to fourth.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, we have projections – it came down a lot this past quarter about 8% but that was driven partially by the loan sales as well as the refi and everything. I think the pace of it coming down will be slower the next couple of quarters that it should also shrink. So you will see a pretty good Delta between the core portfolio as well as the portfolio excluding mortgage. So I would expect it to continue to shrink not as much.
Daryl Bible: The merger charges obviously will be pretty heavy in the first quarter two when we close it. I would say from an earnings per share basis in the first quarter it's probably not that accretive Tom a maybe a penny or two. Early on it is getting the cost saves and getting the businesses to perform and getting the growth engines and getting all of our products and the people in Susquehanna trained. When Ricky does his magic with the community bank, that really plays out but it doesn't happen in the first quarter. It takes a year or two.
Daryl Bible: In the fourth quarter, we had a reevaluation in our MSR assets see take that revaluation away, I would say mortgage banking was essentially flat which is actually pretty good because usually the first is a weaker quarter. It is really set up to have a pretty strong second quarter after good start so we have pretty good momentum in mortgage revenue right now.
Daryl Bible: It is really a mixed issue. If you look at the pieces, retail spread was 3.62 and correspondence spreads were 36. Correspondence was about two thirds of the business which is really why it was down lower. We expect going in this next quarter to have stronger purchase activity and stronger retail so it should move into the other direction this next quarter.
Daryl Bible: Typically what we do an acquisition – what we always do is we basically taken all the client activity so we taken the client owns inclined deposits. We were very hard to X out any non- claim borrowings – and other opportunities there. And in the investment portfolio decision is really a decision on whether we need they liquidity or not. If you don't need securities or liquidity and also helps razor margin. There are a lot of things you were to optimize the overall piece so it fits into your total organization but we will give you more color next quarter on that.
Daryl Bible: We just had really strong equity deals in the fourth-quarter that in fact strongest in our history. We had the biggest – so we are just bouncing back from that. If you look at the core business it is still doing very well. – the retail broker commissions have grown about 9% so it's really nothing more and we have a strong fourth-quarter.
Daryl Bible: For the – if you looked look at the dividend request that we had and the buyback and the four acquisitions we had embedded in there, we have well over 100% use of our retained earnings over this five quarter period. So if you look at our common equity tier one call it 10 and a half now transition basis it's probably going to end up a little better 10, call it 9.8 give or take 10 basis points so we'll probably going to use 60 basis points of capital over the next five quarters.
Daryl Bible: I know Marty you are an old CFO finance guys so you understand all this stuff, but if you look our match funded basis and you look at these assets, these assets have a credit spread we are putting on the books well north of 100 basis points if you actually try to fund these assets call it 80 basis points. The negative complexity you have an rates eventually do go up these assets will really start to extend out and it's just a really tough asset to fund properly over the long term. I think selling as much as we can out and getting the revenue that we can is the right thing for our company right now. All about overload businesses are growing really well. We are growing even with this running off so I think that's positive. We are stabilizing core margin with basically flat interest rates which is really pretty good in this environment.
Daryl Bible: Is one part of it but the other piece is really the unbelievable strong growth we have gotten in core deposits. Core deposits, they are strong for the industry. Our core deposits growth and community bank and corporate banking has been phenomenal. If you go back six or seven years ago, the percentage of DDA to our funding was in the midteens. We are now over 30% DDA funded. That is just a completely different BB&T.
Daryl Bible: That's correct. We basically move a negative income item out inputted in the – item. We also restated 2014 financials so if you go back and compare numbers versus last quarter you're going to see the 2014 change. This is proportional accounting we had to do for our tax credit businesses.
