Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. And thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. This call is being broadcast on the Internet from our website at bbt.com. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer, who will review the results for the second quarter of 2011, as well as provide a look ahead. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of this presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on the BB&T website. After Kelly, Daryl and Clarke have made their remarks, we'll pause to have Kelly come back on the line and explain how those who have dialed in this call may participate in the Q&A session. Before we begin, let me remind you BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to be materially different is contained on Slide 2 of our presentation and in the company's SEC filings. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now it is my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kelly King.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Kelly. Before we move to the question-and-answer segment of the conference call, I'll ask that we use the same process that we have in the past to get fair access to everyone. [Operator Instructions] And now I'll ask Kelly to come back on the line and explain how to submit your questions.
Tamera Gjesdal: Although we have a number of callers left in the queue, we are out of time for today's conference call. Daryl and I will be reaching out to you for your follow-up questions. Thank you, everyone, for your questions. We appreciate your participation today and give us a call if you need anything. Thank you.
Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So as you can see, overall, we had improvement in our credit trends and credit trends accelerated. We had strong fundamentals across our business lines. We are successfully accomplishing all of our strategies that we've set out, many of which we set out 3 years ago. And we continue to invest to drive revenue in loan growth and we're seeing that realized. And we believe we are providing the best value proposition in our market, which is ultimately the most important driver of long-term revenue and profitability. So at the end of the day, we believe our best days are ahead and look forward to demonstrating that over the next several quarters and now we'll stop and entertain your questions.
Kelly King: Yes, that's right. Clearly, the primary driver of ours will be market share movement, no question about that. The second would be, to some degree, some pickup in loan growth in general as the markets began to get a little more confident. Although to be honest, there's a lot of reservation out there because what what's going on in Washington and Europe, et cetera. And the third one increase in risk will be 0 in terms of impact on us.
Kelly King: I'll take part of that. Daryl will cover the debt part. As you can see from our numbers and really kind of from general industry numbers, the industry is kind of flush with deposits right now because consumers aren't spending as much. They are paying down debt and/or saving more, savings rates are up pretty significantly. Businesses are remaining very, very cash flush and so save money it's letting in [ph] wouldn't be a particularly strong overstatement. And so while you want to be fair to your clients, it certainly gives us the opportunity to manage down our rates, particularly when we have as I indicated earlier single service site clients. So I think there is still opportunity. Our projection is that at least for a while now, and that's certainly is several quarters, that most likely is that rates will be relatively flat. There's just no energy in the market out there to cause the Fed or anybody else try to raise rates, if anything if they could figure out how to lower them, they probably would. So I think there's a little bit opportunity to go down, obviously, we're pretty close to floor so it's not dramatic there. We're down with on the deposit side, and then Daryl can speak to the debt side.
Kelly King: Keep in mind, Craig, that while we've made changes that's pretty substantially to cover all the issues that we had on the Reg E and the fee income and the NSF side, we've not yet made any changes with regard to picking up or replacing them from the debit side. We're evaluating, like everybody else, a lot of strategies. We will be executing strategies to substantially replace that. We're trying to be careful, we just literally got the final ruling in the last couple of weeks. So we'll be doing some testing. We'll be doing some careful thinking about this. Daryl's right, we'll probably get that kind of change in the fourth because we're not going to rush out and make dramatic changes because this a very delicate thing because debit cards are now the majority of the payment system. And so we have to do some testing with our clients, figure out where the sensitivities are and where can we best recover our cost. And make no mistake about it, over a period of time, we will recover this cost and recover revenues because it's too significant for us to just absorb. And I think the market is going to figure out how to do it, it may take a few quarters but we will figure it out.
Kelly King: And Betsy, just a little more color, keep in mind that there's still embedded in our expense structure a kind of cost related to credit. I mean legal costs and it's allocation of time of our officers that are devoted to credit resolution versus revenue and it's just on and on and on. So that will slowly and steadily come down. And also to be honest over the last couple of years, we've invested a lot of money in building out our infrastructure to have stronger risk management systems and economic capital systems and so forth because as a top ten institution today and with Basel III around the corner, we thought it was necessary to invest heavily in building out those systems so that we are first-class top 10 institution, which we've largely done now. So as those costs, one, the credit costs tend to go down as the infrastructure cost begins to moderate, that begins to release some of the pressure on the efficiency ratio.
Kelly King: Yes, so Betsy in terms of strategic opportunities, that's obviously the more significant opportunity in terms of levering infrastructure cost. It's kind of interesting, the strategic margins, the merger scenario, I think is beginning to heat up probably about 1 year later than we all thought, but it is beginning to accelerate. We certainly plan to be aggressive with regard to looking at acquisition opportunities as we have. But I always try to remind everybody that there's so much oversized emphasis on mergers that the number one focus for us is on organic growth. We have such great markets and such great under-utilized strategies that we simply are going to make sure our number one focus is on organic. Notwithstanding that, however, we will be looking at the various opportunities that are available. As you know, they're very unpredictable. But when we approach those, we will approach them as we have said and that is that they have to meet our 3 criteria. Number one, they have to be strategically attractive; number two, we have to be able to bring the asset quality, we're just not going to take on an institution with a bunch of asset quality that we can't control, I mean we control it through the mark, [ph] but of course it has great implications for your price; and then third is it has to be meaningfully attractive to our existing shareholders, otherwise, it makes no sense to us. So as long as they meet those criteria, we will pursue them and to the sense that they do not, we will pass them.
Kelly King: It's pretty broad-based in terms of markets. Obviously, we're getting really phenomenal opportunities in places like Birmingham and Mobile, Alabama and Huntsville, Alabama and places like that where we have good existing infrastructure, and yes, have never been a part of the lending operation in that market. So same thing in Florida. And so those are going really well. But also when we are pursuing these verticals specialty areas in various parts of the country, we're in a solid base in C&I. We are having tremendous success because again, if you kind of think about it like this at about the same time we decided that we wanted to be a participant in that national corporate middle market space, a lot of these companies were looking for another partner because a number of their existing partners had gone away. The Nat Cities of the world and the Wachovias of the world and the First Union. So we were looking at the very same time they were receptive and so it's been very receptive but it's across the board within C&I. Small businesses, it's not yet really moving to be honest. That's the part of the business economy that's still struggling. It's one of the largest systemic issues in terms of job creation because they do create the majority of the jobs. But they're still struggling. Now the fallout rate in that market is slowing, as they get stabilized, but as you can imagine, they're still very reticent to go out and invest, they're still kind of hanging on by the fingernails so I think the large market is just doing better. They just have more flexibility to respond to the environment and frankly they have stronger balance sheets and so they're willing to make more investments. So I think that's why you're seeing that. And then in our particular case it's just a lot of market share movement.
Kelly King: It's a good question, Brian. So we are still in this proverbial soft market. There's been just a little bit of a price improvement in the wholesale space which precedes the retail, but not dramatic. So we've not yet turned to a hard market. And while all of our folks predict that it is right around the corner, I'll say they've been saying that to me for several years. And so I think the fact is there is relatively excess capital still in that business. And as long as it is, you're going to stay the price is kind of like where they are. So our increase is market share movement. We've clearly been very successful in the marketplace in terms of our strategy. So typically, what you see if the market is down 4% or 5%, you might see us up 1% or 2%. So we tend to have that kind of spread over the market based on our strategy. And I really kind of think that's the way to think about it going forward. I mean, I think that's I'll say to next year, assuming no change in the prices, then you can kind of think about our growth in the 2% kind of range, maybe 3%. If you get some price improvement, this thing is like an annuity. I mean it is a lever factor that is like 1:1. So when we do hit the hard market, which is why we keep investing in this and continue to make acquisitions because it's a great business for us today with about $1.1 billion of revenue and very profitable. We're the most profitable and the most productive of the top 10 brokers and have been for the last 6 years in a row. And so it's a really good business. Not growing quite as fast as we'd like but got a lot of future opportunities.
Kelly King: The important question on that we're all wrestling with is what is the E, what are the rate equity levels but if you kind of assume kind of...
Kelly King: Yes, we agree with that absolutely. So clearly, we think in the new world, the new normalized ROE is in the 14% to 16% kind of range. It certainly will be improving steadily, literally I think quarter by quarter. And the big drivers are we still got huge costs, as Clarke just alluded to with regard to credit cost in the business and as those credit cost come down, there's really not a lot else in the business that has to change over time for us to get back to kind of that normalized kind of level. We'll be changing and improving a lot of other things in terms of efficiencies and other types of revenue, but the big drag on ROE today is still lock-in credit cost.
Kelly King: Well, you're just looking at a part of the equation and that's understandable because it's hard to see. But we know and it's what we've kind of outlined I think for the last quarter, but the embedded cost in credit resolution throughout the entire income statement is huge. And so when you begin to let that lead off over time in addition to some more normalized levels of reserve and provision cost, then you begin to get it. Let me get Clarke to kind of review again kind of the issue of all of those embedded costs.
Kelly King: I'll take part of this, Gerard, then Clarke can chime in. The ADC portfolio is basically at the bottom. I mean part of it will go down a little bit more but it's pretty low. And we said $2 billion to $3 billion and it's kind of in the range. Then the CRE side we've actually got some opportunities now because we have a pretty good appetite for multi-family. And we're fortunate to have a really good production vehicle in multi-family in our Grandbridge operation. And so we can take that and let's say take minus 2% CRE portfolio, and we can actually begin to grow it now over the next several quarters. So that's a growth opportunity, a revenue opportunity. And the way we look at risk diversification, because our risk tolerance issue was not around income-producing properties, it was around ADC. And so, yes, the ADC has about found its bottom, might start growing a little bit by the end of this year but won't be a material issue. On the other hand, CRE will be a growth opportunity for us.
Kelly King: I absolutely do. Ironically in a lot of these areas we're going back to the future. So yes, I think that whether it will be an annual fee of $25 or whether it will be $2 a month. I don't know, but my guess is when it settles out, it will be something in that neighborhood.
Kelly King: On the M&A side, I think you can expect to see us continue to do insurance acquisitions. And admittedly in the last year and a half or so we haven't done as many, but the market really kind of changed, I think with the soft market, we've the overall uncertainty in the market, a lot of sellers just kind of went into hibernation for a while. But that's really changed in the last 90 days. So I think you'll see us continue to pursue a fairly aggressive bolt-on strategy for insurance acquisitions. On the broker/dealer side, it's unlikely you would see us do anything of any material size there. Number one, the one you're probably referring to, we suspect probably won't end up with a bank, but we're pretty pleased with the broker/dealer arrangement we have, it supports our franchise very well we can grow it organically. We don't really see the broker -- acquiring a large broker/dealer is an essential part of our business. We have a really good robust Capital Markets business in a strong retail operations. So you might see us do a small bolt-on type of thing but any type of big one I wouldn't expect to see in our future. One thing you may see though, Kevin, that I think a lot of people will begin to think about is kind of a nontraditional bulk acquisition, which you somewhat characterize merges [ph] as, I think you may see more non-whole company assets purchases as this whole remediation process unfolds. You haven't seen too much of it so far but I think you'll see more of that in the future and that's something we're going to be certainly looking at.
Daryl Bible: So just to reiterate what Kelly said, we expect our deposit costs to go down probably 3 or 5 basis points again this quarter. On the long-term debt, it's really a function of some new debt issuances we did and we swapped those and we also were able to unwind some hedges and able to amortize those gains over the estimated life. So the combination of those 2 really had our long-term debt cost come down and that should stay down at that level maybe bounce up a little bit but it should stay relatively close to that level that we're at on a go-forward basis for the next couple of years.
Daryl Bible: So Craig, if you look at long-term net interest margin, we're still in the 3.70%, 3.80% range, that hasn't changed. As far as the core margin goes, our core margin did expand and it's mainly driven by the benefits that we saw on the right-hand side of the balance sheet both on deposits and long-term debt. So it was up easily probably 10 of the 14 basis points on a core basis.
Daryl Bible: Yes, that's right. So if you just look at our line item, check card fees, we would expect that to fall about $40 million from third to fourth quarter due to Durbin. So that will be the impact from a quarter-over-quarter basis. If you just look at the interchange, you can annualize that. That's probably about in the 150 range, there's your seasonality on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Daryl Bible: So for the next quarter or two, Betsy, the way we're going to get positive operating leverage is when we get on the expense side of the income statement. Our revenues we expect net interest income to be higher, we expect fees to be down a little bit in the third quarter. But our expenses will come down, which will help drive the operating leverage. We're still expecting, when we talked last quarter, our efficiency ratio to continue to trend down, will probably be in the mid-50s the rest of this year, but start to move down next year, especially if this credit costs continue to decline. And our target is still to get back, historically we've been in the low 50s. We believe our operating run rate can get us back to the low 50s. We've got to really get through all that asset quality to come down to more normalized levels.
Daryl Bible: Matt, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is that we target our dividend payout ratio to be between 30% and 50%. I would expect that to stay in the probably lower half of that range going forward. As our earnings continue to improve, I would expect our dividend to improve proportionately to that. And as far as buyback goes, we really do buyback at the tail on the dog, really targeting what capital you need it to be. And we need to meet our organic growth opportunities first. We still continue to look at strategic opportunities at the end of the day, if we still have excess capital, then that will be something that will be considered but I wouldn't expect a buyback anytime this year at least.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Brian. It's Daryl. Two things to that, so part of it was we did some new issuances that we put a new swaps and we're basically it's going to be a floating-rate to us so, some of the benefit you saw there will change if LIBOR changes. Right now, LIBOR is down a little bit from when we put them on. But that's probably forecasted to be relatively stable for the next year or so until the Fed decides to raise rates. On the piece that was unwound from a gain perspective, it's more on a level yield type basis. I would expect it probably to bleed down a little bit, it shouldn't be substantial. But I would say that the benefit should cause the long-term debt to go up a couple basis points a quarter. But substantially, you still have that benefit there for the remaining estimated life of those instruments. So we feel pretty good for the next couple of years that what you see in the benefit there is going to be close to that, just up a little bit.
Daryl Bible: Yes, so out of that $700 million, I would say when we came up we were very conservative I would say little over $100 million was FTEs, which we know we when came up with that number that some of the people that are on the workout groups side now will get redeployed as revenue producers. So if we were just being true to that, we would have much more decrease in those support groups. But we think long-term, we're going to redeploy a lot of the FTEs back into the field to actually produce revenue. So we're little bit conservative on the actual savings on the personnel side.
Daryl Bible: Yes, so John, for what we've bought this past quarter, we were really conservative on the durations. We bought floating rate CMOs, short fixed rate CMOS and adjustable-rate mortgage backs which sure drove that increase. As our liquidity continues to improve, you will probably see us continue to purchase more securities next quarter, trying to manage our overnight liquidity position. I think depending on what we see right now, we will probably do security similar to that, we may start to go out a little bit longer with a different mix of securities. So I think it's the combination of securities going forward.
Daryl Bible: Yes, so Jefferson, what I can tell you is about 30% of the portfolio is floating rate so when rates do increase, we will get benefit and those yields will rise. I will tell you that our duration right now, the portfolio, is in mid 3% range -- or 3 year range. It fluctuates depending on prepayments. But I would say it's from 3.25% to 3.75%. Going forward, I would just say, we expect purchase to be mixed, what I said earlier. Some fixed rate, longer duration as well as some ARM and floating rate securities.
Clarke Starnes: This is Clarke. I think the latter is the best description. We don't anticipate any additional large transfers, remind you all last year we transferred almost $1.9 billion in our strategy and we've got that notionally down to $230 million and now $116 million on a book basis and we're almost out so we feel very good about that. So what we're transitioning to now is more of the single name credit by credit aggressive disposition strategy. And included this quarter, we did a good bit of that so we think within our current charge-off guidance and problem asset improvement guidance that we will be able to do those types of strategic liquidations without a big impact on losses and still have good credit improvement.
Clarke Starnes: Fair question, Todd. The way we think about it, I mentioned for us mathematically, we really needed to get new NPL inflows in the commercial side and down under $500 million. If you just look through how we would reconcile through that, our movements to OREO and how our loss taking and then what we would call resolutions, those would be upgrades to accrual. They will be short sales with our borrowers. They would be strategic one-off sales or frankly asset sales or payments by the clients. And so at a lower inflow number, we can make all that work even with the levels we're carrying now and see what we think steady quarter-to-quarter decreases in the NPA levels without any significant impact on our loss guidance. So it all comes down to reducing those inflows, and we do have very active appetite still from the strategic investor community and with the borrowers contacts and for a number of these assets, so we're able to work many times cooperatively with the borrower or sell the note ourselves without having to resort to a big bulk sale.
Clarke Starnes: Usually, I think about it with the current economic outlook barring any significant shot from here and even with a slow economy, what we would expect is a mid- to high-single digit improvement each quarter or more. And so it's going to depend about how aggressive we are but we feel very comfortable we'll stay in that steady range.
Clarke Starnes: If you recall, Matt, last quarter Daryl laid out the non-personnel related, what we believe, direct cost on an annualized basis to be probably $750 million or more. We feel still feel that's a good proxy. But beyond that, to Kelly's point, we have several hundred people and a number of associated cost in a workout infrastructure area that we think has substantial capacity to either be brought down or support features strategic opportunities. So we think between the 2, the leverage is pretty significant.
Clarke Starnes: That's right, we're just now beginning to see the significant reduction coming quarter, for example, in the OREO expense right now. But the majority of it, we have not realized yet.
Clarke Starnes: Absolutely, Bob. I would say, while businesses are very reticent to borrow, they are absolutely improving their health year-to-year. And so particularly in the middle market side, the improvement in operating earnings and particularly in their balance sheets and their liquidity levels looks really good. They're just very reticent to borrow and to Kelly's point, majority of what we're seeing and find again to is refis or dividend recaps, very little fix plant and equipment expansion, a little bit of M&A. So again improving strong-looking balance sheets, just not a lot of new activity. We're just fortunate to be able to participate in a number of those refinances.
Clarke Starnes: We think, again, the direct cost to loan are at least $750 million and when you add in all the personnel side, you could be heading up toward north of the $1 billion. And then the other thing to remind you all that we said last time that we still believe with our current view of loan asset mix and as we move forward with our diversification strategy, our long-term risk appetite around loss taking with that mix is probably 60 to 80 basis points annualized losses. And while we don't know what the new world will totally be around allowance, we would expect that to maybe be 2x that level. So I think the combination of the credit cost coming down and a more normalized provisioning world and allowance levels certainly make a huge impact.
Clarke Starnes: It's a fair question. What we've seen is that there's absolutely pressure in the marketplace particularly in the segments we're playing in on the middle-market side and it's coming down. While it's still very favorable relative to the peak in '07, it is coming down and what I would suggest to you is that in our case that segment in the marketplace we've seen pressure probably in the 25 to 50 basis points range thus far. So it's clearly a lot of pressure out there, but that's kind of our experience to date.
Clarke Starnes: It started with pricing and certainly the most pressure is on pricing but we are beginning to see in a number of structural issues developing in and around tendering term and other deal structure issues and frankly, we're not just choosing to participate in those areas. So we are seeing risk-taking out there in the marketplace at a higher level, but even all that being said, it is still better structures than we saw [indiscernible].
Clarke Starnes: Kevin, regarding the reserve release, I think you're pretty much on track, the way we think about it and believe that you should think about it in this quarter when you look at our core provision, our total provision was $328 million. We had a $15 million impairment for a small colonial pull, so if you adjust for that, we also had $53 million of allocated reserves for the resi mortgages we sold, so obviously those reserved were tied to those loans. So when you adjust for that the way we think about the allowance reduction for the quarter was about $78 million. That was about a little under 19% of our pretax. And if you look at last quarter, our allowance reduction was $64 million, which was actually 22% of pretax. So what drove all this is credit quality improvement and given the fact that we're not going to be doing any large bulk transfers at this point, I think you'll see a fairly steady normalized improvement in provisioning provided and we're very comfortable that we'll achieve this, that our quality continues to improve.
