Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Clayton, and good morning, everyone. And thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. This call is being broadcast on the Internet from our website at bbt.com. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer, who will review the results for the first quarter of 2011, as well as provide a look ahead. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on the BB&T website. After Kelly, Daryl and Clarke have made their remarks, we will pause to have Clayton come back on the line and explain how those who have dialed in to the call may participate in the Q&A session.  Before we begin, let me make a few preliminary comments. BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to be materially different is contained on Slide 2 of our presentation and in the company's SEC filings.  Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 3 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now it is my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kelly King.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Kelly. Before we move to the question-and-answer segment of the conference call, I'll ask that we use the same process as we have in the past. To give fair access to all participants, you will be limited to one primary and one follow-up. If you have further questions, please reenter the queue, so that others may also have the opportunity to participate. And now, I'll ask Clayton to come back on the line and explain how to submit your questions.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, everyone, for your questions today. We appreciate your participation in today's conference call. And if you need any clarification on any of the information presented today, please call Alan [Alan Greer] or myself. Have a great day, everybody.
Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So we think we are well positioned for the future based on the following: We do expect meaningful declines on our credit cost, as Clarke described. Our client service metrics and value proposition in the markets are at all-time highs. Outlook for loan growth is steadily improving. We do expect stronger revenues throughout the remainder of the year and the underlying performance of virtually all of our businesses is strong. And we have specific opportunities, I'd point out to you in C&I lending, corporate banking, prime auto, investment banking, wealth and specialized lending.  And then just as a reminder, we think, overall, long-term corporate trends are the kind of emerging re-intermediation process, which we continue to believe will be material for us and the industry; significant investment revenue growth strategies over the last several years, which are really paying off now and going forward; meaningful merger opportunities. Our community banking model is, we believe, the best in the marketplace. And we operate in some of the best growing markets in the country, maybe in the world, and we believe we have the best team on the street. So we're very optimistic about the future. We believe our best days are ahead.  So Tamera with that, let me turn it to you for Q&A.
Kelly King: Todd, this is Kelly. So you're right. There's kind of like the all-time high amount of -- I'm not sure I think, chatter is the right word about mergers. I do think that as we had been expecting a lot of companies all beginning to look forward and see that while the economy is going to grow, some are growing at a relatively slow pace. There are lots of headwinds in terms of fee incomes, and lots of headwinds in terms of scale-related cost. And so, I think, a number of institutions are beginning to think about the wisdom of remaining independent versus combining and being a part of a larger or high-quality organization. So as we have said, we are -- consider potential mergers as an important part of our future. It's certainly not the most important, the most important part is organic growth, because we're in great markets and make great investments in those markets. But it will be important. We think about mergers as having to meet 3 very strict criteria: They had to be strategically effective, and that can be a combination of scale that helps them strategically with regard to levering cost and/or entering, and of course, expanding attractive markets. The second is we have to be able to ring-fence the quality issues. We're not going to do a merger that increases our risk, so through marks and other strategies, we would have to be able to manage that risk. And then third is, it only has to turn into meaningful accretion for our shareholders. We're simply not interested in mergers here for merger's sake. We're about the business, to grow shareholder value. And then looks like mergers that make sense have to be meaningfully accretive. So we screen them through those criteria. We look at the opportunities that are available and make decisions accordingly.
Kelly King: Well, obviously, as you know, with deals today, you do take a meaningful mark, depending on the quality of the portfolio, as opposed to deal. And then depending on the equity structure of the acquisition target and depending on our equity structure, the combination of those 3 factors determine whether or not we need to raise capital. We are very capital strong, and so we do have some opportunity there. And so we would just have to look at the target and the quality of the asset and the required mark to determine whether or not there would be any required capital raise. If, however, there was required capital raise, we think that would be reasonable and very doable, because we only do one that met our criteria, which means to potential investors, it would be strategically attractive managed asset quality and very accretive. So we think raising capital, if required, would be a very attractive opportunity.
Kelly King: And Chris, just a point of clarification. As you know, our long-term strategy is to be very relationship-focused, to work very hard with our clients, to go through difficult times. But in reality, this correction's lasted longer than anybody expected, particularly, in the real estate area. And so we, frankly, have hit an inflection point, where we've held on and worked with the clients as long as we can. And so now it's time to turn the attention to our shareholder. And as Clarke said, therefore, these long-standing identified credits that we've been working with, we are now into a disposition phase for those, and that's what's causing you to see a bump up in the held for sale -- on a held for investment, because we just decided to go ahead and put them on a liquidation status.
Kelly King: Yes. Greg, this is Kelly. We, clearly, think the global events along with the fact that we've been in a protracted soft market, are lining up to begin to harden the market. We're beginning to see that in some cases. So we think we'll see a general hardening over the next while. And in terms of the other factors that drive revenue or just to secure new business -- and we continue to add small agencies, added McGriff and CRC wholesale businesses continue to do well relative to the market. And so I think the combination of those will likely put upward pressure on insurance revenues over the next several quarters.
Kelly King: So there is some of that growth in syndicated. We've been -- we're more willing to look at syndicated participations with syndicate partners. We, as I indicated, are much more successful now in being the lead syndicator. So the syndication business is improving. Now I would point out that we don't give just buy blind participations in syndications like some companies do. We underwrite the credit, specifically, ourselves. We only do syndications where we can have a relationship with the client and get other collateral benefits. And so we do not actively participate in a levered sponsored area. So that's a higher risk than our appetite. And then a lot of the corporate market improvement is in just our pure regional banking. And our capital market's corporate banking calling officer is calling directly owned clients, where there's not a syndication. But we're just being a part of their small groups. So they might have 2 banks, and I just want a fair bank. It's not a true syndication, it's just that we're part of their bank group.
Kelly King: No, our criteria, you're right, has not changed. We focus mostly on accretion of EPS. We think that is the primary driver. Frankly, most of the deals won't have any material book value dilution. You could see some tangible dilution because of the marks. And so -- but the primary criteria is on controlling the quality of the asset and the -- of asset quality and the earnings accretion.
Kelly King: Well, we're really talking about both there. We treat both kinds of loans as the same. Again, we -- I'd work with them as long as we possibly can, but then there's a form of inflection, where you've done all you can do, in which case, you have to execute on liquidation. And so it covers both categories.
Kelly King: I'd be a little hesitant try to nail down specifics. But I've said in the past that we're just really not interested in anything less than $3 billion or $4 billion dollars. I mean, it's not that you could see some kind of a assisted deal below that or something. But I think, you can generally think, when we're thinking about target deals, that would, certainly, be greater than $3 billion or $4 billion.
Daryl Bible: Brian, this is Daryl. We have about $2.3 billion of accretable yield that will come in on the life of asset. I would say that, our core margins, as the debt has run down and things normalize, we'll probably be still on the $370 million, but that's probably a couple of years off. I think, we will continue to benefit through our diversification strategy and loan growth on the asset side as well as on the funding side. We have positive mix changes occurring on both sides, as we -- or grow both sides of the balance sheet.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Brian. We moved, basically, our floating rate securities into held to maturity. Right now, these are basically LIBOR plus 100- to 130-type spread and they float with LIBOR. They do have interest rate caps on them in a 6% to 7% range. If rates were to take off and go up really high and get capped out in that 6% and 7% range, they will extend out and be more underwater. So by putting them in held to maturity, which we have the ability to do that, it basically, reduces any Basel III capital hit that we will have going forward. So it's a good earning asset. We can hold onto it now. There's no credit risk to it. And if rates were to go up, we only get capped out of pretty high levels, and we don't really have any capital hit for Basel III.
Daryl Bible: Sure. So for the loan growth, I think, you're going to see it continue to grow C&I. That's going to be a large increase for us. Our Sales Finance will probably pick up more momentum at the beginning of the in the second and third quarters seasonally. I think, they're performing very strongly. Our mortgage loans, as we continue to maintain in portfolio 10- and 15-year mortgages, that will grow. And then in specialized, that will turn this quarter and be positive. Within there, we have 2 growth that will pick up the seasonal benefit in premium finance, as well as Sheffield. Sheffield had some strategic relationships with Polaris and Suzuki, and we think they're going to be growing very fast. As far as runoff of the portfolio, we would expect the covered portfolio to continue to come down at its phase that it's been happening. And then the ADC portfolio will continue to come down but probably at slower paces than what we've seen in the last couple quarters. We're seeing good signs. We're -- possibly, our direct retail lending stops shrinking maybe in the next quarter or 2 and maybe stabilizes, which will be a very positive sign for us.
Daryl Bible: We're talking about total loans held for investment. So we are factoring in the runoff on covered, as well as ADC. So on our slide page, it's that line item that shows 1% growth this quarter on a linked-quarter basis.
Daryl Bible: Okay. So the first part, the $700 million. All we really did is look at the drag on the nonperforming assets, and we think that's worth about $130 million, pretax. Then on the expense side, within foreclosed property, we think that as our OREO balances declined to -- let's just say, they go down to about $500 million, that should, basically, reduce the write-downs, about $350 million, and then our maintenance cost will come down proportionately, and that's another $100 million. And then you're looking at other expenses. And other expenses would be personnel, as we have higher FTE, and our workout groups and loan sale groups and all throughout there, as well as legal, professional and all those items. We think that's worth $120 million to $130 million easily. These are very conservative estimates, and does not -- we don't count any release or any lower provisions. So we're just trying to look at what happens to the efficiency ratio, as these credit costs come down and things start to normalized. We have a lot of leverage here.
Daryl Bible: It's going to come down proportionately as our NPAs come down. So as your NPAs continue to come down every quarter, you're going to see these expenses start to reduce every quarter. So it's probably over the next year or 2.
Daryl Bible: There's a lot of moving parts there. I mean, we came down this quarter with a seasonality, as well as Reg E impacts that we're seeing. We are forecasting service charges to be up in the second quarter and continuing to be up. We have a wildcard with Durbin in there and all that. But we would say that our service charges would be up in the magnitude of approximately $15 million to $20 million on a linked-quarter basis. We have a couple of more processing days, and as we roll out Bright Banking -- Bright Banking started on earlier this month, but it rolls out to our existing customers later in the quarter. So it's really an offer to our newer customers in the first couple of months. So that impact really goes into more of the second half of the year.
Daryl Bible: I would say, our tax rates will continue to go up year-over-year. I would guess, probably, 2013 would be more of a normalized level. And at that point, based upon the amount of tax exempt income we have, tax credits that we're investing in, probably, in the low 30s would probably be a normal tax rate for us, would be my guess right now.
Daryl Bible: Sure, Gerard. We've had discussions with the regulators throughout the last several quarters. My best guess to answer your latter question first is, probably, we're hearing maybe late third quarter, we might get a new NPR for Basel III for U.S. banks. They pushed it back a little bit. They're working really hard, trying to come up with the new rules and regulations. And they're actually taking a lot of feedbacks from banks like us and peers, just trying to understand what the impacts are. So I think they're doing as good a job as they can to come up with some really good rules when it is announced. And as far as the buffer, I don't really know how much. Obviously, the larger institutions like JPMorgan would probably have much higher buffers than an institution like BB&T. The magnitude of that is really hard to say right now, Gerard. I just don't want to stick my neck out on there. That's really in the hands of the fed and the other regulators right now.
Daryl Bible: I think our best estimate is a steady, sequential decline versus any sort of sharp movement, given what we see.
Clarke Starnes: Brian, this is Clarke. I'd also mentioned to you, we have over 200 people, specifically, dedicated to managing these assets. So a good bit of that cost is variable. It will come down as the accretion burns through.
Clarke Starnes: Our guidance is around losses anticipates continued asset disposition, not necessarily a number of additional large bulk sale transfers. So the existing charge-off guidance and guidance on NPA reductions are seeing some more -- I guess, some more normalized effort to do the problem resolution. And so we haven't really factored in any additional enhancements to that right now.
Clarke Starnes: Oh, yes. I guess, what we're trying to say, a couple of quarters ago, as you know, we made a strategic decision to move a big block of nonperforming residential mortgages. I think it was second quarter of last year, about $500 million, and then we moved about $1.3 billion or so of nonperforming commercial loans, and that was our big strategic move to a held-for-sale strategy to accelerate the dispositions. What we're saying now is that we don't have any specific plans to consider large bulk transfers at this time. However, we'll continue to watch the market. We'll look at the trends in our portfolio. And if we think it makes sense to consider a large sale from time to time, we would consider it, but it's got to be economically more attractive than holding those assets and continue to service those.
Clarke Starnes: Well we don't overpromise, but we think it will be steady decline. Frankly, I think it should be higher than what you saw this quarter. Inflows were still elevated but down from Q4. We think the key there is to see those inflows get more in the commercial side, more in $500 million range. They were still about $700 million this quarter. So as those commercial inflows move down, we clearly should see an increase in the pace of reduction each quarter. And frankly, that would be our expectation.
Clarke Starnes: Absolutely. We've had a number of discussions about that. Just some of the things that we think about is what longer-term mix of assets we have in our portfolio. To Kelly's point, we're trying to move toward a more diversified, less volatile, more capital-efficient mix and loan book. And we think, as we accomplish that strategy that we would anticipate at this point, that view of normalized losses, probably, in the 60 to 80 basis points annually, which is obviously, materially less than today. And while we continue to look at the potential new guidance around allowance methodology and the impacts that would have, just based on what we know today, and our view of the potential change in asset mix in loss performance, we would think about maybe 2x the normalize loss rates. So you maybe -- think about 150 basis points or so. And again that could change, as we have more information and more visibility. But that would be our best guess today.
Clarke Starnes: Absolutely. It's a fair question. We look at both segments, and we look at the total. So both are important to us, and so obviously, we did have an increase this quarter on a linked basis into held for investment. And we provided you a little more detail, if you'll notice, in the tables. We've broken out the commercial into the 3 key buckets, the way we manage it: C&I, other CRE and ADC. So we did have an increase in nonaccruals held for investment this quarter. But our total did come down, obviously. We do look at both buckets and the efforts to resolve credits and get the balances out whether it's through held-for-sale bucket or held-for-investment bucket is just as intense. What I think you're seeing in the held for investment this quarter is really our efforts to more aggressively push through the watch list. I mentioned earlier, our watch list is not going up. We're not seeing nearly as many new credits being identified. We know where our problems are, so we're pushing harder to get the credits out. So what I think you're seeing, and what we believe is that you're seeing us move those watch list credits we previously identified, and in many cases to resolve and will go ahead and put it on nonaccrual and seek liquidation strategy. And I feel good about that, because you can see the early indicators coming down materially. So our expectation is that you should start seeing steady declines in the held-for-investment side, each quarter as we move ahead.
Clarke Starnes: Absolutely. What we didn't tell you, yet, if you look -- you're exactly right. The program today, our marks been about 50%. This quarter, we did have a larger strategic sale ahead, a higher mark. And so that's what reflected this quarter. The remaining inventory is much smaller, and our plan right now would be a more one-by-one asset disposition to in-market buyers. And our experience for that kind of strategy has been a much lower marks. So we would anticipate it coming down.
Clarke Starnes: I'd say it's a fairly substantial portion. I would remind you all, we're very conservative on our client level holds and risk grade limits. And so we don't have a different level of hold limit for these credits, as we would any commercial loan in our original markets. And so the granularity in this portfolio still very attractive and very low -- very low loan sizes relative to the rest of our portfolio. But I would say that it's becoming a larger portion of our quarterly production.
Clarke Starnes: Matt, you're exactly right. That's our guidance. That inflows to new nonaccruals would be down sequentially as we move forward each quarter and that loans held for investment in nonaccruals would go down steadily. So we are expecting to see lower levels as we progress forward.
Clarke Starnes: Chris, I don't think that's likely. I think it's most likely there will be some M&A activity, to be honest. There's a lot of -- I'd say there's a material increase in interest in M&A activity. So in terms of the likelihood BB&T have in discussions, I think that's very high. In terms of us, doing deals, it's a little hard of me to judge, because I'm going to control half of the discussion. But we will be eagerly talking to candidates that to meet our criteria. There seems to be, today, some potential acquirers that don't have our same criteria, that is they're willing to take substantial and sometimes permanent dilution. We won't be a part of it those transactions. And so all of that having been said, I think, if I had to guess, I would guess, we would do some deals this year, not a lot. We're not interested with a bunch of small ones. You could see us maybe do 1 or 2 of decent size. But if it's so, they will be the kind of deals that you'd be very happy to see us announce.
Clarke Starnes: Great question, Betsy. We feel very good about our repositioning of the portfolio. We said before, we think rightsizing the ADC loan term is probably something in the $2 billion to $3 billion range. We're already at $3 billion, but obviously, the housing market is still tough. So we probably will have to come down more to find the bottom and make it back up. So we're real close there. On the other CRE, we think that there are attractive future opportunities there. So we don't think we're going to consciously try to run down that portfolio anymore. So we think it'll be -- see some growth with some potential -- with strong underwriting. So from a portfolio repositioning standpoint, we think we're in really good shape. So the big growth is going -- will occur in the C&I side. So what we're doing back to the watch list is trying to identify, particularly, in the ADC and CRE area, where we think those stressed credits are that need to go ahead and be resolved. And we think we're materially through it. The watch list continues to come down each quarter, now we're just not identifying, meaning, new problems. So we're at this point of the cycle where we're just substantially moving towards our liquidation. So I would say the majority of the credits have been identified, now we're in the liquidation mode.
Clarke Starnes: We think so. Obviously, we could be wrong. But we would anticipate you would start seeing a sharper decline in the level of nonaccruals in those areas, as we pull through more of this watch list.
