Bill Rogers: Thanks Daryl. Slide 25 provides an overview of our value proposition. Made the details, obviously we've shared in the past. But flipping to slide 26 that provides some performance highlights that support our value proposition with actual performance this quarter. Our markets continue to have strong in-migration, the data of which can lag, fee income from insurance investment banking and wealth was up 20% year-over-year, and up approximately a billion dollars compared to 2019. our third-quarter results clearly reflect the potential for profitability levels to be industry leading as we come out of the merger. Lastly, we continue to deploy more capital on behalf of our clients and shareholders, and we'll have that capacity to do more over time as integration risk subside and the economy stays on sound footing. So in conclusion, the effects of the pandemic are moderate, economy is getting better. We are one major step away from completing our integration process. We're beginning to shift from a more defensive to a more offensive position and from a merger focus to performance focus. We fully believe that Truist best days are ahead. So with that, Ankur, let me turn it back over to you and Q&A.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. Betsy, it's a great question. As Daryl mentioned, we didn't model any of that into the basic models. The basic model you saw is for the Service Finance as a standalone. One of the really attractive parts of this integration for Truist, it was the fact that they've developed relationships with 14 thousand contractors, 180 manufacturers, just so to think about that in context or 80 manufacturers, think about that in context, many of those which are existing clients of Truist.  We've got this incredible opportunity to expand those relationships, they are adding a lot of new clients to our base who are single-product clients, who we got an opportunity to expand using things like Light Stream and the capabilities that we have there using the prowess of our CIB bankers with the manufacturers, helping expand with the contractors. There's a whole another component to service finance, which is really interesting as the whole ESG Ps of what they're doing to create more energy efficiency, and the concept of just everything related to home improvement.  What we really like about service finance, it's a pure-play on the home side. If you think about all of the things that we have related to home. Think about insurance that we have related to home, think about home equity, think about mortgage, think about all the prowess and product and capabilities we have related to home.  We're just starting to explore those kind of opportunities. This is why we feel so good about this. This to us is where the buck's going, as I said, versus where it is. And to your question, I think those are significant opportunities ahead of us.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. Thanks for that addition, Daryl. But I think to that question, Ryan, that's the focus. I mean there are tons of puts and takes, but we're going to hit the expense targets that we committed to. I mean I feel very, very confident about that, and have a business that creates positive operating leverage and industry-leading efficiency.  That's the shift and the target that we're headed to. I didn't mean to imply that they weren't green shoots, I still think there are definitely green shoots, and I think they manifested themselves in this quarter, as we highlighted. When I think about loan growth as an output, output, I look at production pay downs, utilization, and pipelines selling those 4 elements and then try to see where they're going. On the production side, we're hitting some high points in the quarter for C&I and consumers, our production is strong.  Paydowns stayed pretty consistent. Paydowns are about where they have been. Utilization is still pretty flat, you could say grinding up in certain areas, but in fairness probably pretty flat. But pipelines are strong. In CIG and CRE and CCB for us, we're at high points for the last several quarters in pipelines. So it's hard to guide. If I said, view it as medium-term X PPP, I think low single-digit growth is at the forefront.  But our positioning sort of longer-term when liquidity comes out of this, I just feel great about our -- great about our positioning, and our capacity to -- we've grown our revolvers, so our utilization going up, the fantastic markets we're in, the business investments that we've made and talent, the consumer businesses as you pointed out, point-of-sale businesses, things that are just adding capabilities and adding more opportunity for us to capture growth as we go forward.  So I -- so yes, I think there are green shoots, hard to predict when they're going to grow. But I feel really, really good about how we're positioned.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. I'd say first, as Core Truist, I think the biggest opportunity is with Truist. I see the biggest opportunity to actualize and optimize the opportunity that came from this fantastic merger vehicle, so let me say that, as it's primary where we are going. But then the bolt-on, clearly on the insurance side.  I mean, we've had a fantastic track record on the insurance side. It is a really good toggle between organic and inorganic growth and managed well, and I would expect that to continue. Maybe other things that look around and bolt-on that are important to us strategically and add some scale; We've been adding a lot of talent. I view that as the equivalent of an acquisitions, so we've been adding talent and you see the benefits of that, for example, in the investment -- in the investment banking side.  But I think if you [Indiscernible], bolt-on and the places where we've -- where we're experienced or where we have opportunity, and then primary emphasis on Truist and maximizing and optimizing this merger.
Bill Rogers: Yeah, I would start with industry-leading efficiency. So let me start without the concept. I think given some normalization and rates, I feel really confident in the low 50s. But most importantly, being able to achieve positive operating leverage, being able to be industry-leading top or top quartile efficiency, I think, is imminently short, medium, and long-term achievable for Truist.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. The great thing, Matt, is we have an incredibly strong, skilled, experienced, purposeful team. So I'm really fortunate to be surrounded by really great leaders. As you noted, we didn't want to put a lot of change in place because actually I feel really good about the momentum and where things are going.  So the leaders who were responsible for those businesses, we shifted a couple of things around, but they still have the primary responsibility that they had before. I'd say the shift though is more -- what I talked about in my opening statements, it's more of a transition from merging to operating.  That doesn't have anything to do with me or anything. It just has to do with the timing of where we are in those process. Getting this merger -- major conversion this weekend was just a shot of adrenaline for us, to be fair. I mean, that's a big significant milestone for us. And just gives us more confidence to be starting to shift some of our time, some of our responsibility, some of our focus to maximizing the opportunities that are true.  So I would say, if I were to describe the transition and what it feels may be different now, is that -- it's more of that. And I just think that's a function of timing and where we are and our confidence building.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. Mike, it's a great question. And I think about it in two ways, one digital dividend as you put it, but also the avoidance of opportunity cost. And that's really what's happening with this merger. So if you think about it in the core basis, we're creating a much more agile platform; so the ability to move fast, to add, to create more opportunities for our clients, our teammates on a more agile platform.  The base is really important. I didn't say we have a new state-of-the-art commercial ecosystem. We have a new state-of-the-art mortgage ecosystem. We have a new state-of-the-art digital platform. All of those in my mind are opportunity costs. So those are things we don't have to invest in disproportionately going forward, and they create the opportunity to expand and add to as we go into the next few years.  The other part of that is something we call the digital straddle. This thing that we did to convert our clients digitally, I think, is actually fairly unique. And what that allows us to do again, from an agility standpoint, is to leverage that back-end platform, and through the use of APIs and the straddle, we can do a whole lot more for our clients than we could before. So when the hood is up, we've been looking at virtually everything.  The hood-up and the best of both mentality has allowed us to not only expand and create a better ecosystem, but I also look at it as a board of lot of opportunity cost in the future of having to do these major changes.
Bill Rogers: Maybe I have that a little more than hope. No, I think it's totally reasonable to expect us to have positive operating for next year in the middle of this merger. And that's against investments we want to make. That's overcoming inflation. That's overcoming all the other things that exist: rate, environment, pandemic, all those type things.  Now, we're committed to having a business that has positive operating leverage and has industry-leading efficiency. There's no -- I feel more confident about that today than I did the day we announced the merger. It's sometimes hard to peel back the Clouds in the merger costs, in the one-times, and all of that to see that. But the underlying capacity of our Company to deliver a positive operating leverage growth on the top line and world-class efficiency is absolutely there.
Bill Rogers: And, John, remember we also announced we'll do some more share repurchase this quarter to get there faster. We've said all along and we went into the merger with a little bit of a higher capital base, very intentionally. And what we said was, as the risk of the merger decreases and the solid definition of the economy increases, we have a Company that has a lower-than-average risk profile and a higher-than-average PPNR profile.  I think we will start thinking about capital positions that reflect that. We don't want to do this on a quarter-by-quarter basis. This is sort of a long-term strategy and philosophy. But this weekend was a good milestone for us in terms of reducing the risk of the merger and our confidence at where we are in the first part of next year.  We'll get that behind us, and we'll continue to evaluate where we are from a capital standpoint. No reason to think we are going to change the profile of our Company, our diversifications, our risk profile is going to stay strong, and we're confident in the PPR components of the growth in our business.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. I think we've got to be in the first part of next year to have another conversation about this, but we're going to be thoughtful in moving to the existing target quickly.
Daryl Bible: Thanks, Bill. Allen, at this time, if you don't mind explaining how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session. As you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourselves to 1 primary question and 1 follow-up so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Daryl Bible: And what I would add to that, Betsy, is that the returns on this will be eventually over 3% ROE business, and our risk-adjusted yield will be really attractive.
Daryl Bible: If you go back to the last rate cycle that we went to, it was basically when rates bottomed out that Fed moved up 6 times 150 basis points. If you look at the deposit betas the first probably 2 or 3 deposit betas was probably about plus or minus 20%. And then as it continued to climb, it was getting closer to 30% to 40%. I'm not sure if it ever really got to the 50% in the 6 moves that you saw there, but it gradually went up as every couple of moves happened in the last rebound with the Fed.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. We're still putting together our plan for 2022, but I'll tell you what I can tell you now. From a cost perspective, we have our 5 buckets that we talk about. We definitely will see more branch closures in the first half of 2022, with almost 400 more branches closing. They also will have more -- last corporate real estate, so more reductions in that space as 2022 comes along.  The big cost savings in technology will happen as we phase through the conversions in the first quarter, the decommissioning. We're going to reduce about 40% of the application systems and move towards from six data centers to three data centers, that will be big reductions in cost saves.  Bill talked about our continuation of our VSRP that will continue throughout in 2022. And then finally, we have that team-led synergies program to basically get synergies on expenses and revenues, and that will play out over the next couple of years. That will assure us to make sure that we get our expense targets and also give us ammunition to make more investments in digital technology and other talents.
Daryl Bible: Before you start, can I finish that? From still '22 expenses, inflation is real and inflation is definitely going to be in our numbers. If you look at the last couple of years, we did not really factor our end inflation in '20 and '21. And not sure exactly what that number is, but it's probably, give or take around 2% of fee expense base.  And you also have to factor in acquisitions as well for '22, and the impact of that would have both revenue and expense. But at the end of the day we're going to have good overall operating leverage, probably top quartile when it's all said and done.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. If you go back, you have to add back in incentive pieces on the acquisition pieces, as well as whatever non-qualified turns out to be, plus or minus. You probably get to -- we gave guidance on an adjusted expense number down 3% to 4% from where we are today. That is your starting off point for 2022.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So you are correct. We will have stable NII on the core basis in the fourth quarter. We'll be down 1% just because of purchase accounting, accretion. As '22 plays out -- when I look at '22, as we put this together, the three break drivers of NI, the impacts will be loan growth, deposit growth depending on how large the balance sheet gets and how much liquidity we invest, and then interest rates.  When I look at all that, I think it's very possible that -- I'm very sure that the core [Indiscernible] income will grow. I think we have a chance of having an offset overall that run-off of purchase accounting. It doesn't take a huge amount of loan growth coupled with a Fed move, that's not in the implied right now.  But even as steepening of the yield curve would add. If you just steepen the yield curve like 25 basis points, that would give us another 100 million in for the year next year. I think there's a lot of variables that could play out, but we feel pretty good that trajectory of core mar -- net interest margin will rise in '22, and that our reported net interest margin should be relatively stable if we can offset that.
John McDonald: Morning, Daryl. I just want to clarify the outlook for net interest income next quarter. I think you said on a reported basis down 1% on a core net interest income flattish. Just clarify if that was the guide and then how does that set you up more broadly for growing NII into 2022 when you think about all the puts and takes there.
John McDonald: Got it. Great. Not quarter-to-quarter, but getting through the conversions will be a big factor as you think about lowering that target over time.
John McDonald: Got it. Thank you. Ankur Vyas: Allen, that completes our call. Thanks everybody for joining. We appreciate it. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. We hope everybody has a great day. We appreciate your interest in Truist. Allen, you can now disconnect.
