Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. So overall, as you can see, it was a great year, a really solid quarter. We really made excellent progress in our several unit diversification strategy plan, nice progress in moving back to normalized profitability. But we think '13 will be challenging, but our businesses are really performing well. And so given the economy, we believe we'll have another high-performance year in 2013, and looking forward to sharing that with you. So now, I'll turn it back to Alan for Q&A.
Kelly S. King: Well, so -- yes, last year, for much of the year, a meaningful part of our growth was in holding mortgages because, frankly, early part of the year it makes sense because of rates. As rates declined later in the year, it didn't make sense so we stopped doing that. And so that -- you're seeing a little bit of downward pressure on total loan growth because of that. You'll see positive growth as -- in this year in terms of C&I, in terms of Sales Finance. Specialized Lendings will be strong. CRE is going to be a comer in terms of this year. So it's going to be a pretty broad based and diversified. And I think, it'll overall be very positive in terms of profitability because that kind of growth in this kind of market, given our discipline in terms of structure and products, is really good growth.
Kelly S. King: I'll give you part of this and then Daryl will give you some color in terms of the spread. So basically, our overall production is really strong. I mean, we had $8.5 billion in the fourth quarter, up from a very strong third quarter, best ever. We think the -- based on our pipeline and our marketing efforts, that kind of continues, at least in the first part of the year. You might see a little pressure on margins, so let me let Daryl explain it to you.
Kelly S. King: Adam, I would just point out, too, also just a clarification that the 2% to 4% guidance that we've given you is only for the first quarter. To be honest, depending on how things happen in Washington, I personally think, again, as I said, if we get just a reasonable agreement with regard to some of these fiscal issues, I think there's a very good chance that you're going to see some pickup in momentum in the economy. You're going to clearly see some pickup in momentum in borrowing. I'll remind you again people have just not been and companies have not been borrowing for 2 to 3 years. There's a lot of plant, a lot of equipment, a lot of computers that need to be replaced. We could all be pleasantly surprised with the level of loan growth we see as we head through the course of this year.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So Michael, I think, we are clearly seeing -- I mean, if you look at overall attitudes today versus a year ago, I'd say across the board is more positive just because, frankly, as time goes on people kind of get tired of feeling bad and they start little turning positive just to -- as passage of time, but also we're past the election. Whether you're aware or not, it's done. That's a certainty. You know what you're dealing with, so that's kind of turning positive. The real estate market overall is clearly improving. I mean, there was some news that came out yesterday just in terms of overall real estate momentum across the country is improving, substantial improvement in Florida and places like that. Atlanta is still dragging its feet a little bit, but it's improving. And really the only hangover is lodge and that's getting ready to improve, in my opinion, because there's a huge increase in demand for houses and there's not been any houses built in a long time. So I think you're going to see places like Florida and places like Atlanta have a relatively faster ramp-up over the next year or so. To be honest with you, all of that general improvement in real estate is really big news for BB&T in 2 regards: one, it improves our overall credit quality metrics pretty substantially because that means our NPAs will go down faster. It means our opportunity to grow CRE ramps up faster. The general economic conditions improve faster. So it's overall really good news for us, particularly because in those markets like Florida, et cetera, we've got pretty large shares of deposits, like fifth market share, but we have tiny shares in terms of loans and fees. And so as those markets come back, it's a real boomerang opportunity for us.
Kelly S. King: Our appetite for ADC is very positive. We've always been a really big ADC lender. We never intended to convey that we were getting out of ADC. We just had a truckload that we needed to unload and we needed for the market to stabilize, but we're really, really good at that and -- so we've charged our people to be back in the market looking for ADC. Now to be honest with you, we're looking for the better players. We're not -- we'll go -- a lot of people got and we got little bit of this of what we call the pickup truck operators were just building 2 or 3 houses and that kind of thing and that's the riskiest part of that market. So we will be back in it. We'll be back into the better markets. We'll be back into it with the better borrowers. And we have improved our lending process, to be honest, even though we were very good. We now have dedicated CRE lenders who will be the only ones dealing with those markets, so our appetite, I would say, is strong and our capacity and capabilities are even stronger.
Kelly S. King: So Kevin, as we develop our '13 budget, we basically took the position that we should be conservative with regard to revenue projections because we don't know what's going to happen in D.C. As you just heard me say, I think there's a decent chance that it could turn more positive, but we are budgeting from a conservative point of view in terms of revenue. Therefore, to produce kind of bottom line numbers, we're being really tough on expenses in all categories. We did a clean-sheet-of-paper-type of look with regard to year-over-year category expenses. And then that's laid on top of our expenses reconceptualization process that we put into place starting about early summer. That's all unfolding just as we planned. So while there are upward pressures, Kevin, on expenses in terms of regulatory cost, technological cost, we -- even though we have a relatively efficient company, because we've grown relatively rapidly, we still have a good opportunity in terms of being really tight with regard to expenses. And so, as you heard Daryl describe, we would expect expenses to be kind of flattish as we go into this year. We're holding FTEs kind of flattish. We'd like to be down, I guess, when you consider foreclosures expense and that kind of thing. If you look at the basic core expenses and looking at FTEs kind of flattish, we may have some FTE expenses. But the way we look to that, just to give you perspective on how hard we've been, we basically saying that we are only willing to invest in revenue producers this year that are immediately accretive. And so it's been a tight budgeting process. It's going to stay tight. When the market is where it is, I think you have to control the things that you can control and expenses are one of those and we're going to be extremely diligent and tough with regard to expense control.
Kelly S. King: Yes, Kevin. Truth is there are no big deals. Everybody talks about all these big projects and all these big names and all this stuff, but unless some companies are just really extraordinary poorly managed, everybody can just go in and say we're going to wipe out 10% of our costs without completely destroying their franchise. So yes, its grinding it out. It's a ground game. It's day-to-day spending less on publications, less on conventions, less on -- a little less on entertainment. I mean, just grinding it out category-by-category. It's thousands here and twenty-thousands there and it adds up to lots and lots of money, but it's a ground game.
Kelly S. King: I would say, as a practical matter, yes, because we're trying to be, Kevin -- I talked a lot about this over the years, we're trying to be very practical about mergers. While I still believe there ought to be a major consolidation in the industry and while I still believe long term it will be and the short term, for a variety of reasons, it's just not happening. And so we're not expecting it to happen. We're not spending any time worrying about big deals. We don't think big deals will happen. We'll be looking at a few little deals, but they're not going to be dramatic. And so that does raise the probability of buybacks and we will execute on those according to capacity and according to price. Buybacks is a function not just of how much capacity you have, but also whether it's a good internal return on your investment. So as we look at the price relative to our book value and the earnings projections off of the return in capital, we'll make the right decision and -- but in some, I would say your conclusion is right. You'd expect us this year to be relatively more aggressive than in past years.
Kelly S. King: Well, that's what we're all trying to figure out, so it's a good question. I think you'll see that kind of multifaceted. The first thing you're going to see if the economy ramps up is you're going to begin to see some draw down of existing credit lines. I mean, our utilization rates are still low. And so without any new production, you could see a substantial increase in our book just because of the increase in utilization rates. Then you are going to see a substantial change, I believe, in our numbers in terms of our effective execution on high-quality CRE. I mean, that's been a substantial negative runoff. I mean, if you switch that from big negative to slightly positive, it's a huge ramp-up in terms of increased outstandings. You alluded to disruption in the marketplace that is still accruing to our benefit. We think the market will settle down. Those companies will be really good competitors, but it takes more time than everybody thinks to settle into some of these major acquisitions. And so we are still benefiting from that and will during the course of this year and a little bit of into next year. The reintermediations impact on loan growth is something I've been talking about for 3 or 4 years. It's not been as pronounced at this point as I thought it would be, but it is happening and I think it is going to accelerate. And so there are a lot of maturities out there in the pipeline that are going to have to be placed and I think a lot of that is going to end up on bank balance sheets and we have a good appetite for that. So I think it'll be a widespread array of loan opportunities and then when you add to that our initiatives in terms of increased corporate banking platforms, increased strategy, commercial strategies in Texas and continue to grow off a really good foundation in our Specialized Lending businesses, expanding our mortgage business in terms of wholesale financing, all the financing in the wholesale side, we just have a long list, to be honest, of growth opportunities. And so, I'd say in terms of the loan growth, we're being consciously always trying be conservative. But when you kind of look at what we're doing, it's hard to say that there's not more reason to be a little more optimistic.
Kelly S. King: Just a general point for you and others and just if you think about BB&T's lending strategy, if you go back 5, 10 years ago, basically all of our lending strategies were in our existing footprint, kind of the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast. But we have consciously expanded through a national lending strategy but in what we consider to be very controlled, focused areas. So, for example, we have a national specialized lending strategy in certain businesses, where we are really, really good at it. Our Corporate Banking is now a national lending strategy and our mortgage is a national lending strategy. But we do that through this correspondent network where we can get high-quality paper on an inefficient -- on an efficient basis to lever up our manufacturing process. And so that's just one example of several of how we moved, I think, judiciously into a national lending platform on a very economical basis.
Kelly S. King: And then just one final note on loans, just outside the Community Bank, the -- remember, we've got these 8 corporate verticals that we've been putting into place for the last 2 or 3 years, they are being executed on. We have, frankly, relatively small market shares in the national space in these verticals and so that'll add supplemental growth in our Corporate Banking area as well.
Kelly S. King: Well, that's a good question and, we haven't to this point tried to project an absolute mathematical target on that. But let me just give you a perspective on it. That's been a very, very, very big part of our business for, really, in my whole 40 years. And to be honest with you, notwithstanding the last 3 or 4 years, we've made a lot of money in real estate over the long term. We gave back some of it in the last 2 or 3 years. But overall, the long-term return on that investment has been phenomenal so we are very good at that. When done properly, it's a very good business. But it's been running down at a 30-plus percent clip for the last couple of years, and we now see a bottom. We're looking for growth. So I think the mathematical impact on that on total portfolio could be a 1 point or 2 just when you turn that in terms of the marginal incremental benefit on that. So I think it's very positive, John. I think it's something we know how to do really well and we are, frankly, in a lot of good markets where our value proposition is very, very strong and the opportunity for us to move relationships from some of these other companies that don't have quite the capacity we have today is very, very good.
Kelly S. King: So I think in terms of smaller deals as being -- I don't want hurt anybody's feelings, but I think in terms of smaller deals for us as being that $3 billion to $10 billion. You're going to probably see a lot of deals done out there in the $1 billion level. You're unlikely to see us doing something in the $1 billion level. You never say never in this business. If you had some little deal -- a really strategically significant thing in one little market you might do something, but I would think in terms of $3 billion to $10 billion. And there are a number of opportunities in the whole space that we think may become available in that area. Really, if you can do $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion deal in this environment we're really good at it. We have a very efficient merger and conversion team. And so we think it's what I'd call the ground game of merger strategy. It's up and running well. We're on the street talking to other people that are considering making changes. And so I think that's where you'll see the predominant activity. Although things could change, but, as I said, before I do not expect it.
Kelly S. King: No, there's actually been some ramp-up in terms of loan production. I mentioned earlier, you might not have been on the call, but I mentioned that, for example, in the Community Bank our loan production year-over-year was up 26%. For the fourth quarter annualized, it was up 32% compared to the third. So clearly there is increased demand out there in terms of getting -- kind of, what I call, kind of getting ready to play and so we're booking CRE commitments that are unfunded. We're booking lines of credit for companies that are not yet funded. So yes, there is -- clearly, there's a more positive attitude than a year ago. And I think that what they're doing basically is they're locking in their commitments. They're getting their plans ready to go. And then, they want to see things settle down. They've seen now what the deal is on taxes. Not what they wanted, but it's not draconian. And now they just got to see that we're not going to run off the cliff in terms of the economy because of the fiscal issues and when that resolves itself, which I think it will in a reasonable way, I think you're going to see people decide that we just got to go ahead and run our business. CEOs have a natural process. When things are really getting worse, they hunker down completely. When things begin to stabilize, they begin to look around a little bit. They remain conservative. And then at some point, when things look a little bit bright, you just have to get back to say, we just got to run our business. And that's where we are today and I think you will see companies decide to make investments and I think we're going to be the beneficiary of that.
Kelly S. King: Thanks, everybody, for being with us today. We really appreciate it. I think what you've heard us say is that it was a really good quarter, a great year. We have some reservation about the economy, but relative to that, we feel very bullish about our business as we go forward. Notwithstanding the fact that we just celebrated our 140th year anniversary, we feel very strongly our best days are ahead, and we look forward to reporting that to you going forward. Have a great day.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Jefferson, if you look at our overall margin or spreads in the fourth quarter, they were 229. That's actually down from 240 in the third quarter. Our mix of business was 35% retail, 65% correspondent in the fourth quarter. I think as you look out into next year, if you assume a similar mix, we expect volumes to be relatively strong compared to this past year, but probably a little bit tighter margins on retail. I mean, our margins at retail now were over 400 points. Probably, that gets in the 300-point range and correspondents were in the low 100s and that probably goes under 100.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Adam, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is we didn't put it back in because there isn't a material difference for 2013 and 2014. You are correct, it did come in a little bit stronger in the fourth quarter. My numbers, when we ran them in the fourth quarter, it's about a $10 million difference from what we had in the fourth quarter for all of 2013. So that's why we didn't provide it. So, I'd used the same numbers that we gave you last quarter as you look out into '13 and '14.
Daryl N. Bible: It will follow the same trend that we had in the last exhibit that we had in the last quarter. So it's pretty consistent with what we had projected. So the FDIC loss share negative will become less of a negative throughout the next 2 years.
Daryl N. Bible: Okay, Ken, so you are correct on the noninterest expenses. We are going to see it down probably a little over 2% because of, I'd say, the foreclosure costs, professional services and loan and lease expenses being the main drivers. On the revenue side, based upon what we see, as Kelly's remarks with the economy where it is at sluggish growth and we're saying flattish revenue, if we get any benefit of either a stronger economy or a steeper yield curve, we can have positive revenue. But right now, our positive operating leverage is coming from negative expenses and flattish revenue.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Matt. You may not have been on it, but we did cover that, but I'll give it to you again. That's okay. Fourth quarter, our gain on margins were 229 basis points, about $160 million in dollar terms. As we look out into '13, we expect some pretty good volume compared to 2012, although we'll probably have slightly tighter margins going forward. Right now, our retail margins are well north of 400. Probably, as you get into '13, that's going to trend down at least into the 300s. And where our margins over our correspondent network are over 100, that's going to pierce through 100 sometime throughout the '13.
Clarke R. Starnes: Craig, if you look at the production statistics, a big part of the market growth right now on the C&I space is leveraged finance and a lot of it's around the low-rate environment. So what we see is primarily M&A-driven dividend and recap-type structures driving a lot of that growth. We see both large banks and similar regional peers actively participating in that market and we just still feel like that's outside our risk appetite so we have purposely avoided the majority of that and continue to stick to our long-term underwriting standards, even in the middle market space. So again, it's very prevalent right now. Fourth quarter was a record origination quarter for the leveraged finance market.
Clarke R. Starnes: Adam, what we're seeing is there's contained uncertainty out there. This whole fiscal cliff debate, what was going on with taxes, now the debt ceiling, the general economy, the world geopolitical situation, the world economy. Pending health care cost is coming in 2014. All that still is weighing on businesses and we're still seeing that as we talk to businesses. I think they're still a bit cautious. They're being very careful. I think that manifests itself in just being very careful about what they borrow. But we are seeing increased borrowings and that's good, but they're not borrowing what their signing the notes for. We're not seeing significant increases in utilization, and I think that bodes well. All we can do right now is be sure we're meeting the needs of the clients that are -- that we are talking to and we're doing that and then as the economy improves and certainty builds back in, then we think that loan growth will be accelerating for us. So we feel pretty good about how we're positioned. As Kelly said, production looked really good in the Community Bank year-over-year and on a linked quarter basis. I think that builds momentum and commercial real estate does, in fact, create a tremendous opportunity, nicely up over last year and a nice run rate in terms of third quarter annualized growth. So we feel good about both the C&I piece and the CRE piece despite the difficult conditions. As Kelly said, end of the day, all we can do is get up in the morning, be enthusiastic about what we do, live our mission, go talk to clients and prospects, meet their needs despite the conditions, and if we do that, we think we can be a big winner in this.
Clarke R. Starnes: Betsy, this is Clarke. That's a fair question. We're pleased that the accelerated results in the fourth quarter are, frankly, a little bit better than we thought. We're still trying very hard to clean out the residual, particularly housing-related exposures in the commercial book. Our Alt-A mortgages and our DRL land loans and so that has higher loss content. So that's one reason the loss rates continue to be up some and not down as quickly as we would like to see, although we feel very optimistic that we can start seeing lower loss rates as we move forward into the year. One of the things that gives us a lot of confidence about that is our nonaccrual inflows are continuing to come down and that's the biggest driver. We have more flexibility as those inflows come down to be less aggressive about liquidations in our -- in the marks we take there. So we believe that nonaccrual inflow number coming down gives us ability to see lower loss content as we move forward.
Clarke R. Starnes: Well, we certainly -- as we look and think about normalized loss rates we've talked about before, longer-term, we see a 55 to 75 basis point expectation given the mix that we are building and consciously underwriting to. Obviously, we're 100 basis points today. So there's still a lot of room for us to have benefit there as we move toward normalized losses. It will take beyond '13 for us to get there. So the good news is we still have room to go that will inure as we move forward over the next couple of years.
Clarke R. Starnes: Greg, this is Clarke. Pricing remains very competitive, as you can imagine, particularly as you go up the risk curve on the investment grade side. But for us, positively, while we continue to see runoff of the older assets, our new loan spreads were relatively stable for the quarter. To remind you all, we talked about last time our C&I spread right now is 230 off. This is a pretty good spread, but the CRE opportunity, it tends to run 80 basis points or more above our C&I rate. So as we can gain more traction, as Kelly said, that really gives us a nice margin benefit.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes, Tom, this is Clarke. Historically, we were primarily a retail originator, but over the years as there was disruption in the correspondent side, we have dramatically benefited from that. We have a very clean program we've run over the years. We never got involved to any degree in the broker side. So we have a lot of community banks and high-quality private correspondents over our network. And so over the last couple of years, you've seen a little more proportion in that segment than our Retail segment. And so while we certainly wouldn't want to be overweighted on the correspondent channel, we'd expect that to be variable from year-to-year and so we would expect, particularly as we look into '13, maybe a little higher level of correspondent to retail. But as rates go back up and over time, you could see those numbers be a little more consistent to one another. One other benefit we have is we did establish a mandatory delivery program this year. We actually originated a couple of billion, almost $3 billion, in that channel this year. So that's another nice growth opportunity for us. So all in all, we would see a higher percentage of correspondent in our platform that we have historically had, but we think the risk profile is very, very good.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes, Thomas. We're seeing, as Kelly mentioned, we've had 5 or 6 initiatives that we've been working on that we're seeing some really good performance from '11 to '12 and indicators as we go into '13. Example, asset-based lending year-over-year production was up 40%. We feel very good about that. The dealer opportunity, having over 6,000 dealers in this wholesale opportunity is tremendous for us. We have a pipeline approaching $500 million. We've got tremendous opportunity to grow that book off of a big retail paper business, something in the wholesale we never did much of. Small commercial is another thing we put a lot of emphasis on, improving our process. We're seeing small commercial pick up year-over-year, 15%. But linked quarter annualized up 55%. So focusing on that core Community Bank lending seems to be going very, very well, along with process change. Income-producing properties, up 64% linked annualized; year-over-year, up 60%. Our regional Corporate Banking, not the national platform that Kelly talked about, up 33% year-over-year; 39% linked quarter annualized. And we also have a professional association strategy that we're working on with doctors, lawyers, et cetera, that is a core function within the Community Bank. So partnering with these large corporate initiatives, partnering with these specialized lending initiatives, we see a broad-based opportunity in lending that if we can continue to do our jobs, meeting the value proposition that we put forth to our customers and hopefully get a little help in terms of leadership toward the fiscal issues that our country faces, that could be a key that could really turn on some very nice loan growth for us. But irrespective of that, we're going to be really focused on these initiatives. We see it playing out broadly across our footprint. Washington, D.C.'s is doing well; north Atlanta, the urban part of Atlanta is doing well; Florida; our Texas opportunity. We just see some broad-based opportunities across-the-board and we're going to keep pushing, do underwriting correctly, be as judicious as we can to deliver value, hold up pricing as best as we can, but also be mindful of competition. And we feel very good about these broad-based opportunities.
