Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Katie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist's first quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are our Chairman and CEO, Bill Rogers; and our CFO, Daryl Bible. During this morning's call, they will discuss Truist's forwarder results and share their perspectives on how we continue to activate Truist's purpose, our progress on the merger and current business conditions. Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer; Beau Cummins, our Vice Chair; and John Howard, our Chief Insurance Officer, are also in attendance and are available to participate in the Q&A portion of the call. The accompanying presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist IR website, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on Slide 2 and 3 of the presentation regarding these statements and measures as well as the appendix for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. In addition, Truist is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized live and achieved webcasts are located on our website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Bill.
Ankur Vyas: Thanks, Bill. Katie, at this time, will you explain to our participants how they can participate in the Q&A session? As you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary question and one follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Ankur Vyas: Okay. Thanks, everyone. This completes our earnings call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest in Truist. We hope you have a great day. Katie, you may now disconnect the call.
Bill Rogers: Thanks, Daryl. Moving to Slide 22. The first quarter of 2022 was historic for Truist as we're now serving our clients as a true unified Truist across all dimensions. In addition, the first quarter is a strategic and financial turning point for Truist. Strategically, the completion of our core bank conversion positions us to fully shift our focused executional excellence, transformation and growth. Our businesses that went through earlier conversions in 2021 such as wealth and mortgage are beginning to see the benefits of this shift whether in the form of new adviser hiring in wealth or significantly improve client satisfaction scores and mortgage. Financially, the first quarter should be at the bottom for net interest income and net interest margin and fee performance should improve as market conditions normalize and we capitalize on the significant integrated relationship management and revenue synergy potential we have as a company. In addition, the completion of the integration means merger costs will decrease dramatically through the remainder of 2022 and we'll realize our remaining cost saves as data centers and systems are decommissioned in the back half of the year, all of which helped drive positive operating leverage. To conclude, I remain highly optimistic about the potential and opportunity for Truist, all of which are clearly summarized on Slide 23, our investment thesis. Our opportunity and priorities are clear: shift from an integration focus to execution focus, deliver better client experiences, capture the significant IRM and revenue synergy potential we have to shift the millions of hours of development training and effort from the integration to building better lives for our clients. This shift does not require any incremental risk appetite or capital. It only requires execution and focus. At the same time, while we believe the economy is on sound footing in the near term, the headwinds of geopolitical uncertainty, coupled with the inflationary environment and aggressive forecast for the tightening of monetary policy create a wide range of economic outlook as we move further into this year and next. Truist is well positioned across all of these environments, given our advice-oriented model for our clients, balanced approach to interest rate risk management, conservative credit culture, diverse business mix and strong and improving earnings profile. And with that, Ankur, let me turn it back over to you.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Maybe I'll do it in two ways, and maybe I'll do it in -- starting with the tangible side. If you look at production and pipeline specifically, they're really strong. Our pipelines particularly in that core commercial business, which you're talking about in the first quarter are equal to where they were in the fourth quarter in terms of strength. So in terms of the evidence of what we see in terms of pipelines and production, I'd say there still is a great deal of confidence. Virtually every client is in some inventory build capacity. I mean from a supply chain perspective, they're all wishing to increase their inventory to serve an increasing demand. Demand does not seem to be the particular challenge. So I'd say that's the tangible part. Now the intangible part in talking to clients, sort of where everybody is and what some of the anecdotal evidence, I don't think we're in a full risk-off mode, but there's a little bit of a wait and see. I mean, I think that's fair. Maybe a little bit of a blinking yellow light, not a red light, nobody's stopping. So I think the combination of this tangible part that we see in terms of pipeline production, need for inventory build is really solid and would be reasons to be really optimistic all with just a little bit of a cautionary note as people look forward into the next several quarters.
Bill Rogers: Yes. So I think to bump those comments, I mean, there's reason to have a lot of optimism with just a slight level of uncertainty, which sort of is the right balance.
Bill Rogers: And that's what I might add to that, we're operating now as a new Truist. So we're operating with a company that has about an 18% average market share. So in number one, two or three market share in most of our markets. So that's a new experience. Also this increased capacity and marketing expense. So our unaided brand awareness has really gone up actually fairly significantly since the rollout. And then we just have a lot more capabilities other than rate pay. I mean we just have a lot more tools and capabilities to offer our clients. So, we're operating in the kind of -- this is the kind of environment we built through Truist forward in fairness. We have company that's got that kind of prowess and capability to serve our clients in ways other than just rate paid.
Bill Rogers: Hey, John, it's Bill. Why don't I maybe start on the capital side? I mean, I think we've been very consistent about thinking about where we wanted to establish capital, where we want to operate based on three primary factors. One was just where we were in the merger, how much risk do we have on the merger, do we need to allow additional capital for merger risk. That's obviously come down substantially. I mean, I would consider that sort of be in a normal mode right now, and we don't -- we've gotten through the big components of that really, really successfully. The second is how much economic risk do we have? And we probably have a little more economic risk in fairness than we had a year ago, but I think maybe on the marginal side. And then sort of where we fit from risk profile as evidenced by some of the CCAR results. And I think will be another confirmation of our lower risk profile, higher PPNR model as Truist. So, those are the three things that we put into the mixing bowl as it relates to capital. And we'll continue to reevaluate that. We feel very comfortable where we are right now. We'll reevaluate that in the mid part of this year and try to determine the appropriate place for Truist to operate. But I feel like we've got a lot of opportunity in the capital side based on the evaluation of those risks. And Daryl, would you answer the other part of that question.
Bill Rogers: Yes. I'd say, Matt, I mean -- yes, Matt, we're on really good track on the cost saves. I mean, we're ahead in most of the categories where we want to be. And now we've got a couple of remaining big chunky ones and they're binary. You close the data center and you get the cost saves. I mean, so we feel really good about where we are in that trajectory.
Bill Rogers: Yes. I think, Matt, if we think about sort of overall for Truist, what we expect to be a low efficiency ratio company. So I think the construct of our business mix and our structure allows us to be a low-efficiency industry-leading low efficiency ratio company, sort of where that ends on an absolute basis will depend on a lot of market conditions, but we'll be at the low end of that. We will be a company with higher growth potential and less volatility. So I mean when we think about how expenses fit into that rather than sort of the absolute dollar amount in light of expenses that support a growing business and being able to do that with, I think, an industry-leading low efficiency ratio. And positive operating leverage. And maybe I showed you asked that I want to make sure I make that clear as well.
Bill Rogers: Okay. We're going to assume we're on the auto bot. We have no speed limits in terms of opportunity. And Mike, we're at that inflection point. I mean we talked about this. This is -- I think we're right at that pivot point. And I can feel it. I mean I can feel all the things if you categorize loan growth. But if we break it down to, I think, the things that are highly correlated to positive trajectory, I think those areas where actually we're doing well, things like sort of core C&I. Other decisions on loan growth are related to the decisions we've made about positioning our company, which I think will be really beneficial to us long term. And then I look at sort of the pivot points of, I mean, I'll pick several categories if I look at integrated relationship management. It wasn't at the level we needed it to be in sort of the fourth quarter, first quarter, we've made the pivot point, and we're starting to see significant increase, and you'll start to see that in some of our results. You see that a little bit in the insurance results in this quarter where we are in terms of positive asset flow and wealth, wealth teams and insurance teams net positive in terms of adding people. So we've reached sort of really good inflection points there. Investment banking, clearly, in terms of adding, retaining opportunities in those businesses, things like the core commercial pipelines, where we are in terms of more lead deals more on the left side, where we are positioned in terms of production in the places we want to be. So I can feel the inflection point. So maybe we're -- whatever it was 60 miles an hour, but the foot is on the accelerator, not the brake. And I totally feel that in the transition that we're making at this particular juncture, and I'm very confident about our positioning for the future.
Bill Rogers: Jeff, I look at my personal calendar, I don't think I've been in Charlotte in the last five weeks or so. I mean, so I look at all of our leaders' time in terms of where they're spending time, and there's a significant difference. I've been much more in front of teammates, in front of clients and community. And just my own personal time, I can feel it. And in fairness, I'm just one symbol. More teammates have been in that mode for a longer period of time than I have, and we feel that power shift. I mean just thinking about it in a simple way and Daryl was talking about it in a simple way, we did about 0.5 million hours worth of training. So just maybe put that in context of which that 0.5 million hours of training, we now translate into 0.5 million hours of client-related activity just as like one symbol.
Bill Rogers: Yes. And then on the core conversion, I mean, we consolidated to our heritage core platform but that doesn't really sort of explain the next-gen opportunities we have within that. So you think about the use of cloud-based and API technologies to create, for example, the digital experience, which we've talked about. So this concept of a digital straddle, we were able to convert add flexibility and add products and capabilities to our clients digitally long before we converted them physically in the core conversion. So I think we've got a really good strong first second-gen core platform with third gen, fourth gen kind of capabilities that sit on top of that. And then as you know, we're also experimenting with a new core platform for LightStream. So, I think we've got our feet in the right place where we want to be in terms of maximum flexibility listing core and experimenting with a new core with LightStream and a product called FinSac, which we've talked about before. And this digital straddle agility I think will really, really pay strong dividends for us going forward.
Daryl Bible: Yes. On the residential, Gerard, about two-thirds of our activity was in refinance activity. That has really come down significantly. As we move to the second quarter, it's more of a purchase market kind of plays to our strength from that perspective. So I think we're hopeful that, that will kind of maintain and hopefully build as the year goes on, but refi is definitely being impacted. The other impact on the residential mortgage is just the cost of hedging is just a lot higher right now. So, it's offsetting some of the servicing benefit that you would get out there.
Daryl Bible: The only thing I would add to that, on the consumer side, it's fair to say in February during the conversion our branch people were really distracted just going through the integration and the efforts. I think we've come out of that strong now, and we're starting to see momentum in loan origination out of the branch areas. And if you look at our consumer convenience businesses that we have like LightStream and Sheffield and Service Finance, they're all starting off really strong and seeing really good volumes as we enter into the second quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Betsy, I think what you're looking at, we can maybe check off the line, but I think it's just the runoff of purchase accounting. When you look at our new rates going on the books, our new volume rates are going on higher than what the existing portfolio is right now. So, we are averaging up in most cases across the board there. So, I think overall, yields will rise and when we have our projections throughout the year, I expect net interest margin to continue to rise throughout the year, NII to continue to grow just as the interest rates start to climb.
Daryl Bible: If you look at what we've attracted from COVID, $80-plus billion of new deposit funding, the vast majority of that is noninterest-bearing. And when you look at it, we pay the lowest rates of anybody else in the industry. So almost all of it is non-rate sensitive. So we definitely feel that we have betas modeled in to protect what we want to protect out there. There could be a little bit of ebb and flow. But for the most part, we will be specific to make sure that we protect our good clients throughout the organization and do that. But right now, we've had rates just started to lift off and our deposit betas that we're seeing right now are coming in much less than what we modeled. It's very early into this. But I think right now, I think it's not a huge impact on what we've had to pay and we still have the deposits growing for us, so non-interest-bearing growth from us in this past quarter as well.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I think the way we are managing the balance sheet, and we've talked about this before is, right now, we are targeting $15 billion to $20 billion of balances at the Fed. Since the war started in the first quarter, we're tilted a little bit towards the heavier side of that just for liquidity purposes. And you really look at the cash flows of the whole balance sheet in total. So we've had deposit growth come in, so that's a positive inflow. You have runoff of securities. That's a positive inflow. Our first priority is to lend it out to our clients and to basically do that. Once we've done what we can do from a lending perspective, then the residual piece would basically go into the securities portfolio. Now from a securities portfolio perspective, we're investing in the past in treasuries, MBS. So, those are very high-grade, very secure-type securities.
Daryl Bible: So yes, the mix of what you're doing, if you go into treasuries, it isn't a forecast, Treasuries are in the 270s, 280s between the three- to five-year area. MBS are approaching 4%. So, it'll blend there. But I would say, we'd be on the shorter end of that on a duration perspective, but all that is incorporated with the guidance we gave you.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So on the OCI, John, what I would tell you is Category 3 it's not in our regulatory capital numbers. 99% of our portfolio is guaranteed. So it's just a matter of timing. We're going to get the funding back. It's not a permanent impairment that you see. There are partial offsets once a year you mark your pension plan that Mark will obviously be against what the OCI is, which would be some benefit at 12/31. But the real hedge when you really look at this is the economic hedge with deposits. I mean deposits have increased in value. We don't mark to market these non-maturity deposits, but we really look at it. The value of that has well exceeded the adjustment than what you saw on the securities portfolio. So that's really, I think, the offset that you see there. If we wanted to, we could put more than 40% into held to maturity, I don't think we're there yet where we need to do that from that perspective. I think we feel good with what we've done today.
Daryl Bible: About 6.5%, and our modeling, even with rates going up higher is basically capped out. So, we're really in the six handle, and that's where it's going to be until rates start to fall again.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Matt, what I would say, it's pretty minimal. I mean we had a little bit more reduction in VSRP at the beginning of the quarter. Most of the branch closures were back-end loaded in the quarter. Some of the technology savings that's going to come through that's really all in the second half. We have a little bit more closures in corporate real estate. So, I would say, it's much more back-end loaded. We maybe got a little bit, but the vast majority of it would be in the second half of '22.
Daryl Bible: That's right. Yes. So, we were two-thirds of the way through at the end of the year. We made a little bit of progress in the first quarter, and we got more to do in the second half of '22.
Daryl Bible: Roughly, I would say $400 million to $500 million, Mike, because we got a little bit of savings in the first quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yes, John, you kind of go back where we were when we announced this transaction back in '19. Rates were a couple of hundred basis points higher back then. And at that point, we thought if we got those cost saves, we would be able to come in at the low 50s at that point. We're definitely a different company. We continue to buy and add businesses and all that. But we definitely have at least a forecast from the Fed for it to go up a couple basis points this year and into 2023. So assuming you get the Fed up to 3%, 3.5% and we will execute on our cost saves, we should have really strong efficiency ratios coming in. Whether we get low 50s or not, I think there's a shot that that could happen just because of the asset sensitivity that we have in the Company and what we're seeing in the marketplace, our deposit beta is how they perform. So no guarantees from that perspective, but rates going up definitely helps on the net interest income side significantly, and it's back to kind of where we were back in '19.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So from a cost save perspective, obviously, technology is the biggest chunk of where the cost savings would come in. So that would be the majority of the savings, both data centers, application systems, FTEs, all in that area would basically will be cost savings. We still have more to do on -- a little bit on the VSRP that will help benefit. You have more on corporate real estate reductions. So, we have other savings. So I would say overall, now that we've moved from the integration to now running and operating the Company, we will continue to look for more efficiencies as we operate the Company to give us more fuel to make more investments in the Company as we move forward from that perspective. And I'll put it back to Bill.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So a lot of moving parts there. What I would say is that in spirit, I think using a good gauge with a gradual over 200, I think is a good approximation. The deposit betas we talked about earlier, we have those being phased in and that's built into these numbers. So, we're expecting 25% the first 100, 35 and the next 150 after that. Right now, we're performing better than that. But we definitely have a pickup in trajectory. If this forward curve does play out as what's embedded in there you will see a big increase in both core net interest margins from where we are today, probably peers seen 3% maybe by the end of the year.
Daryl Bible: I think we have good conservative estimates. So, there is a chance for outperformance, but it's still very early, Erika. So you don't really know. But I feel pretty good with these projections and feel good. Bill talked about earlier about our deposit base and our clients and density that we have. So, I think we're going to have really positive net interest income as this year plays out in the '23.
