Clarke Starnes: Betsy, this is Clarke. I'll answer that. We are looking at the relative pricing in the market and we do have a threshold of -- we try to look at the current mark on a present value basis versus the cost to hold these assets over time. And we feel like -- of course the mortgage sale was a bulk sale through a dealer. We knew that wouldn't have a much heavier mark but our strategy for the commercial note sales and the remaining mortgage short sales that we're doing would have much more mark smart. So we factored all that into our consideration versus the write-downs we're already carrying on those loans and the allocated reserves and our strategy is to try to dispose of these assets with little remaining P&L mark and not raise our cumulative losses that we feel like we are already embedded in there.
Clarke Starnes: The majority of the assets were not accruing in first quarter. So very little of these would've migrated this quarter. These were existing delinquent problem assets that were already on non-accrual.
Clarke Starnes: We would expect continued sales or dispositions in a similar range for the next several quarters. But we think our core OREO cost will be relatively moderating as we move forward. So we don't expect a big rise in the OREO write-down expense since we've done a deep re-evaluation of the portfolio.
Clarke Starnes: Kevin, this is Clarke. As far as the TDRs, I think you're exactly right. I think the last several quarters we had noise around clarification on the classification and that's pretty much behind us, so I think any incremental TDR inflows you see at this point will be true modification due to deteriorating borrowers and our ability to helping them. So I think that's the way you ought to look at it. As far as the Gulf Coast exposure, we have taken a deep dive on that and just for reference we have about $2.5 billion of loans in those affected areas, the good news for us is the far majority of those assets are wrapped with the loss share and even at this point, we're not see a big increase or incidence of borrowers coming to us with issues related to the spill yet and for those few that are, many of the cases, they are filing claims. We are anecdotally seeing some benefit on the East Coast of Florida, and the tourism side you see some of the activity migrating over there and fortunately for those folks on the Gulf side, but as far as our legacy assets in those areas, it's very minimal and we just don't think there's going to be much impact.
Clarke Starnes: Absolutely, what we found is that we were more conservative in the industry around when we were non-accruing FHA/VA insured loans when many others were not. And what's occurring as you know, the FHA is requiring modification programs for service or so, a lot of originations we sold into the Ginnie pools we have to buy back out and do mods on them [ph] (1:21:25) let those season and go back. But they're injured and we've been overly conservative in placing those in non-accrual when we had a clearly recoverable interest on those. So we did a policy change to ensure that we only accrued what we would be entitled to on insurance recovery and that's the big change there. So it really moved out of the non-accrual bucket into the 90 days still accruing.
Clarke Starnes: I'm not sure I have that with me, Daryl, but we can certainly follow-up. I don't know if I have that data with us Tamera.
Clarke Starnes: Inflows were more modest in Q1 related to our commercial, so the big change for Q2 was on the commercial side, so we actually had inflows on commercial of about $400 million. That was up from first quarter and the inflows related to the other portfolios were relatively stable to down.
Clarke Starnes: Right now the cash flow simply shows the portfolio is a little bit over $2 billion for the rest of the year. So I think we feel comfortable that we'll be able to replace the cash flows and securities, re-invest those to keep the size where it is and we're hopeful that loan demand starts to have growth in the third and fourth quarter.
Daryl Bible: Betsy, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is, loans really don't trade too much on the direction of interest rate. When we looked at the quarter, we made a decision kind of midpoint in the quarter that we were going to sell these and we just kind of went through and executed the transaction. It was a competitive process and we just thought that timing was right, based upon what Kelly said earlier, there were more bidders, more competition and just higher valuations of what we've seen in the past for these type of credits.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Jefferson. I mean, the people that are working out the loans in Colonial are doing a great job, and because of that we're getting a huge benefit out of that. And one of my prepared remarks, I talked about additional accretable yield of $3.4 billion, that will flow through earnings over the life of these assets. So I think we're going to continue to have this benefit for a while.
Daryl Bible: Yes, I think our core margin; excluding accretable yield is performing very well. I mean it was stable quarter-over-quarter. Our credit spreads I talked about, improved both on retail and commercial. Donna and Ricky are doing a great job on how we're managing our deposit pricing. So I think overall, our core margin in the company is holding up really well and with the positive benefit that we're getting on the work out of the Colonial assets we're seeing a huge benefits.
Daryl Bible: What I would tell you is we run to cash flows every quarter. We've been running the cash flows the last two quarters now and what we're seeing is, is improved performance on the marks and which is basically moving dollars from non-accretable to accretable, which is why we're seeing more inflows into the accretable yield which is helping margins. I have projections for the rest of the year and into next year. That can reverse if the performance goes the other way. So right now, we have a favorable trend. Sandra and her team in Florida are doing a great job working these assets out. It takes a lot of work and effort to do a good job with these assets. And as long as the economy stays where it is, I think we'll continue to perform well but there's always variables with it, it works in certain places. But I think we feel pretty comfortable for the rest of the year that we're going to be about what we were this quarter.
Daryl Bible: It's not immediate, it moves into accretable and then it goes through earnings over time over the life of the assets. We really look at the accounting, there's three pieces, so a part of the benefit goes to net interest margin, then you have an offset in the FDIC receivable but then if you have impairments, that also flows through on the provision side. So last quarter you recall, we did have impairment on eight pools [ph] (1:11:17) now we're down to three pools [ph] (1:11:19). But you have really moving parts in all three areas on the income statement.
Daryl Bible: No, what I would say is that when we're re-writing the cash flows, we had better performance on these assets, which allowed us to move $4 into accretable and then the dollars that weren't accretable, the portion of assets that actually paid off this quarter, basically think of it like a bond, it's accretion on a bond, so a portion of that accretable yield goes into earnings over time as assets are write-off.
Daryl Bible: The function of how much tax-free income that we have, in relation to how much taxable income. So if you look, we have a couple of billion dollars of municipals and you have some portfolio, we have also government finance unit that's tax exempt. We also have a couple hundred million in tax credits. So if you factor all that in and you use that proportionately, since our taxable income is down, then it basically comes out to be what the tax rate would be. As our earnings increase and taxable income goes up, than our higher tax -- you'll see a higher tax rate out of us. But since we have all the lower tax exempt income, which is more our taxable income, that's why you're seeing a lower rate from us.
Daryl Bible: Yes, the securities were sold in the middle of the quarter, so if you look at the average balance sheet, our balance sheet is showing only about $4 billion or $5 billion reduction. If you look at the balance sheet at the end of the quarter you can kind of see where the new balance sheet run rate is. From a margin perspective, I would say it didn't have a huge impact on margin. As you saw it initially, it reduces your cheapest source of funding, which is your overnight money, your Fed funds so that's why it had a little bit of pressure on benefits margin.
Daryl Bible: Our base forecast basically we use blue chip and we also look at the forward curve. The model that we have on the forecast we talked about, basically has rates flat up until mid-next year when the Fed starts to increase rates and I think we have maybe a 50 or 75 basis point hedge fund rate at the end of '11. So it's a very modest rate rise. If rates stay stable though and don't go up for the foreseeable future, it would have minimal impact on our margin.
Kelly King: I think that's particularly the case on Daryl's point there, residential mortgages would be more sensitive to rates, Betsy. But the commercial side is a lot less sensitive and it's more of customized one-off and so it's more based on the investor's view of the property and the return that's not as rate driven.
Kelly King: That's commercial OREO. It's really OREO, it's probably a similar mix to what we're seeing. It's a pretty good percentage of lots and lands. I'd say in excess of 30% component of lots and lands, including several subdivisions.
Kelly King: That varies over time, sometimes they're on an annual cycle, sometimes they're on a 15 to 18 month cycle. It varies all over the place.
Kelly King: We don't disclose when we have safety and [indiscernible] (1:02:28) examination, but as you probably know all of our regulatory relationships are all non-disclosable based on regulatory rules.
Kelly King: Yes, thanks, Bob. Well I think it's material to be honest I think as the rule-making becomes clear and as we understand the economics of all the changes. First of all, it will be very difficult for the smaller institutions to make the kind of adjustments to their cost of revenue charts that some of the bigger banks will make. So the net and visual impact on them will be worse in my view. But more importantly, I really expect for the next two or three years to see a substantial increase in regulatory compliance and cost. And I think that could be really, really problematic for the smaller institutions. It won't be easy for anybody, but it still matters. And so if you are substantially larger, complying with any one particular rule, the state cost of compliance is potentially the same for a large institution as it is a small one. So, again, both of those factors I think make it really, really difficult for the small institution in the new rules. And so, I personally predict a pretty substantial consolidation over the next few years coming out of all of this, not just the regulatory reform, but the whole economic crisis. I mean, what the crisis has done is it's revealed some of the fundamental flaws in their strategies and execution abilities of institutions. Not trying to be critical of my peers, but it's just a realistic answer to the question. And so I think the small institution have a tough row to hoe going forward. I think the bigger institutions will have to adapt their strategies and will be able to do so. And so you will definitely see a higher concentration of the business flow controlled by the top, let's say 15 institutions, five years from now than there is today.
Kelly King: Bob, the way I see it over the next five or three years, 10 years in the labor [ph] (1:05:54) is kind of a long way out there. In the next five-or-so years let me say that I see us continuing to do fill-in, in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast, as you know that our corners there and we're basically in the top-five in market share in all of our markets. And so you can continue to improve there but you don't expect to see substantial size. We have an enormous opportunity in Texas, which as you know has 26.5 million people. So we'll be focusing a lot of attention on Texas. So our core banking business, the way to think about us for the next few years is substantial additional penetration in Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and substantial penetration in Texas. On our non-core businesses, which as you know are material, you can expect to see them continue to be national businesses and even in the case of AFCO and CAFO our insurance premium business is some international business in but we have the number one market and share position in U.S. and Canada. But we will continue to grow those businesses on a national scale based on the economic reality of their performance.
Kelly King: Our, kind of bucket if you will, in that kind of run rate is about $230 million. What some people have tried to do is to project what percentage of that they will lose based on the vague language in the law about covering incremental cost and prod cost. But again, as I said earlier, William, it really is virtually pulling numbers out of the air. And our opinion to try to figure that out in terms of what the actual rate will be. And then again, you're just not going to see companies I think sit by and not make changes. I mean it's so easy to change, and for example, to date we don't even have a charge for a debit card. And so if we have all of these reductions income we'll simply have a $5 mark for whatever charge the debit cards. So it's not hard to substantially mitigate that, the irony for this with often times the congressman did not understand the consequences of their actions is it will probably drive up costs to the consumers.
Kelly King: I think you'll begin to see some of it next quarter, and then it'll be ensuing over the next several quarters but you'll begin to see definitely from us information regard to changes next quarter.
Kelly King: No, William. It's really when you have to forecast the earnings for the company, we basically just make sure that our average tax rate for the year would be around 15%, 16%. So since we're at 19% the first quarter, we had to lower it to 10% this quarter but we think we'll be in the mid teens for the rest of the year, averaging that in the rest of the year and for the end of the year as well.
Kelly King: Adam, I think we basically started in the second quarter, a strategy that will be continuing for the next few quarters. Again, assuming the economy remains constant and the investor remain constant. The big change is a year and a half ago there was basically no borrowing for anything. Today, the investor community has changed dramatically and they smell that things are turning and it's time to buy. And so the demand, if you will, has increased substantially. And so we wanted to be in the market while the demand was high. So what you saw in the second quarter was a substantial bulk sale in mortgage because that's, as you know, the most commoditized types of product that they can package up and sell as kind of a total package. And then a smaller amount of commercial but the ongoing strategy is fairly intent at looking at specifically commercial types of foundations. It's possible you do both sell around that, although I say it's unlikely, mostly you'll see a fair amount of activity in commercial dispositions over the next two or three quarters and the lengthiness will be just having to get done in any one particular quarter. But the strategy will be consistent.
Kelly King: I don't think the trust preferred change, changes my view at all relative to the dividend side [indiscernible] (1:25:26) plenty of time to adjust our capital structure around that. The truth is, during that five-year period of time, we project substantial improvement in the economy, substantial improvement in earnings. We'll be creating capital at a substantial rate and so we'll have all kinds of options around building capital to common equity to replace trust preferred. I don't think we try to do all of that with income. We'll probably, along the way, replace some of that with regular preferreds or based on if we get a deal or something we might issue some extra common but a mobile way to deal with that. So our strategy with regard to dividends remains unchanged, except that, I said earlier that we had kind of thought that maybe over with by the fourth quarter, we might be in the position to have a modest increase in dividends. The stalling of the economy gives me some pause with regard to the certainty around that earlier prediction. And so I guess the way I feel today is that this stall is basically kind of pushing things out a couple of quarters. We'll have to see, that's just my own personal economic assumption. And so we would still expect to be thinking, in terms of considering a dividend increase as we head into the first part of '11 but it's very unlikely at this point that we consider in the fourth quarter of this year.
Kelly King: Thank you, Tamera. Thank you, everybody for joining us. We really appreciate your interest in following us quarter-to-quarter. So thanks for your support. Overall, we consider this to be another very solid typical BB&T kind of quarter, fundamental core performance in most of our businesses remain very strong, despite sluggish economy. Consistent with what we said all along, we did implement a more aggressive strategy when prices were appropriate to reduce our balance sheet risk and exposure to nonperforming assets. That's off to a good start. We continue to remain very conservative with regard to our allowance position because of a little hesitancy in the economy. So we'll see how that plays out. We certainly saw a great opportunity in terms of desensitizing and deleveraging our balance sheet and take advantage of that. It also allowed us to strengthen our capital levels, which as you know, are amongst the leaders in the industry. We are clearly on track enabling us as core take-away with our long-term plan to diversify our loan mix and our deposit mix which will ultimately end up in a more profitable and stable revenue stream, as we have less volatile exposure to real estate. So if you think about from a long-term point of view, we remain very, very optimistic even as we struggle to get some economic footing nationally, we think that is temporary in nature and the long-term opportunity for us is wonderful. Remember, we still have this major re-intermediation that is already taking place as the shadow market is basically shut down. We don't think it'll change much, this re-intermediation is strong. The consolidation in the industry is going to allow the stronger institutions like BB&T to participate more effectively. So we feel extremely confident about the future. We're not out of the woods, we're not trying to grow big trees, we're not trying to be over confident, don't have me saying that but what we have to do, we know how to do, and we're doing it with deliberation and consistency. And so when you look beyond that temporary execution on the remainder of the credit cycle, the opportunity for us on the revenue and profitability perspective looking forward looks very, very optimistic. Thank you, all very much for covering us and your support and I hope you have a great day.
