Brad Milsaps: Thank you, Tarren, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist's second quarter 2023 earnings call. With us today are our Chairman and CEO, Bill Rogers; and our CFO, Mike Maguire. During this morning's call, they will discuss Truist's second quarter results, share their perspectives on current business conditions and provide an updated outlook for 2023. Clarke Starnes, our Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer; Beau Cummins, our Vice Chair; and John Howard, Truist Insurance Holdings ' Chairman and CEO are also in attendance and are available to participate in the Q&A portion of our call. The accompanying presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist Investor Relations website ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on slides two and three of the presentation regarding these statements and measures as well as the appendix for appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. With that, I'll now turn it over to Bill.
Brad Milsaps: Thank you, Bill. Tarren, at this time, will you please explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session, as you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourselves to one primary question and one follow-up in order that we may accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Brad Milsaps: Okay. That completes our earnings call today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest in Truist, and we hope you have a great day. Tarren, you may now disconnect the call.
Bill Rogers: Great. Thanks, Mike. So let's conclude on slide 17. We're on the right path and I'm highly optimistic about our ability to realize our significant post-integration potential as summarized in our investment thesis. Our goal financially is to provide strong growth and profitability and to do so with less volatility than our peers. Our strategic pivot from integrating to operating is well underway. And while the financial benefits of our pivot have been masked by the rapid increase in funding costs and related revenue pressure, we've made significant strategic progress over the past year and showing up in a number of operating metrics across our business. In our Consumer Banking and Wealth segments, Retail and Small Business Banking net new checking production has been positive during four last five quarters, reflecting the success of Truist One and improved retention associated with our increasing client service metrics. Truist One also has many features that appeal to millennials and Gen Z represent 70% of the new client applications. Our Wealth Trust and Brokerage business continues to build momentum as net organic asset flows, which exclude the impact of market value changes have been positive eight of the last nine quarters. We've also steadily improved client satisfaction through the distinctive service provided by our branches and care agents as well as improvements to our digital processes and procedures that originated in our client journey rooms. As a result, our client satisfaction scores were stable to improving across most of our channels during the second quarter, but have been consistently rising over the past year since the integration. In Corporate and Commercial, we continue to focus on left lead loan transactions and the synergies between our CIB and CCB businesses. During the first half of the year, 25% of the left lead transactions closed by Truist were with our CCB clients. We're also making inroads with new CCB clients as 65% of the CCB left leads I just mentioned were new relationships. In equity capital markets, transaction economics have improved approximately 300 basis points on average since the merger. And in wholesale payments, our pipeline is the highest it's been since the merger. Each of these data points reflects our increasing strategic relevance with our clients. In addition, our IRM program, integrated relationship management is off to a great start this year as we've already delivered nearly 50% more IRM solutions year-to-date than during the same period a year ago. Our strong progress demonstrates what is possible post-integration when our teammates can focus their undivided attention on caring for their clients and deepening those relationships. However, just as we're shifting our focus from integrate to operate, the economic landscape shifted from favorable to more challenging. As a result, we too much shift and make tough decisions to fit the realities of today's economic environment and tomorrow's regulatory requirements. This means being more disciplined about where we choose to compete and deploy our capital, whether businesses, clients or products and looking deeper and more -- more structural cost opportunities that exist at Truist. These opportunities exist, but not the primary focus during the integration period where the focus was on creating the best transition possible for clients and teammates. Mike highlighted many of the specifics earlier while the details are critically important, what will ultimately matter to stakeholders is our absolute expense base and growth, and our teams are aligned internally on changing that trajectory. I'm really truly optimistic about the future of Truist as our unwavering foundation of purpose, our talented teammates, leadership in growth markets and diverse business model will continue to drive our momentum and fulfill our potential. So Brad, let me turn it back over to you for Q&A.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. I'll take that. And without again trying to sort of provide specific guidance because we have a lot of things that we're working on. If you think about sort of the buildup, so the buildup was related to things that are investing to build a large financial institution, and then we had some unique onetime things to us, that are things like pension accounting and then we had acquisitions and part of that. So to say a couple of things, I mean, we're clearly at an inflection point in the growth rate. So the growth rate is going to change materially and you can sort of see that by our guidance for the year relative to where we are right now. So that will give you an impression of where we think the third and fourth quarter will be from a growth perspective. And I think similarly sort of on an absolute basis for the balance of this year, we'd expect to see some of that absolute level of expenses coming down, but the real change comes in the structural opportunities that Mike talked about, the things that we're working on. So we can bend the curve in lots of ways that are incremental, but I think the big opportunity for us is sort of the fundamental components in terms of how our company is structured, how it runs, what the chassis looks like, what are the businesses that we're in. And that's the work that we're doing, and that's the big work of post-integration to running the company in a way that reflects the current environment. So, what I would say, maybe I'll use the word appreciably. So expenses will be down appreciably. And as we get into this latter part of this year, we'll provide a lot more guidance and thought about 2024.
Bill Rogers: Hey, Erika. No, let me just add a couple of things, because we're really talking about sort of betas and NII and we also need to shift talk about client and client activity, which is also an important part of it. So the tailwind that we're creating about net, net deposit growth expansion, IRM, primacy with relationships and then on the pricing side, I mean we're starting to see some of that pricing flexibility, particularly on the commercial side. So spread over SOFR probably 20 some plus basis points quarter-to-quarter. So the ability to be more relevant to our clients reposition our portfolio to reflect that be in higher returning, quite frankly taking some market share, where others are backing off, we're leaning into some opportunities that have a greater return for. So in addition to all the betas and the other components, there's just a lot of really good underlying client activity that's tailwind.
Bill Rogers: Yeah, Betsey. This is Bill. So I think the position right now as we continue to build. And so, the targets are developing, more information is coming, and we'll know more over the next 90 days in terms of different proposals and impact on us. And really what this slide was meant to do rather than show sort of an absolute level or a target was really to show the flexibility and the organic creation of capital that we have. So we start from a good position of 9.6 will be organically at 10 end of this year without sort of doing anything dramatic related to risk-weighted assets sort of staying on the process that we're on. And then we just have a lot of flexibility that the AOCI sort of runs off, and then we have -- and we just have other flexibility. So we'll know more as it develops. But I think we're in left lane of capital accretion and we'll stay in that mode until we're not. And that same thing applies to any buybacks or whatnot. We sort of have to understand where the stopping point is before we make any comment about buybacks. And today, that would be short-term, not on the table as we're building capital.
Bill Rogers: Thanks, Mike, and appreciate the love, but right back at you. So I think -- so a couple of things. One is maybe a challenge a little bit the merger was predicated on cost saves alone. Remember the merger was predicated on opportunity as well, an opportunity in our markets, and we want to make sure that we're well positioned to take advantage of those. So when I talk about sort of being on track, I don't want you to think that, that satisfaction about where we are from an expense side. Building the infrastructure for a large company in this environment was more expensive than we anticipated, so there's just no doubt about that. And, but to that point, I think we're at a really good inflection point. And that inflection point is a pivot. The intensity I can assure you hear around expenses, but not just expenses, but just redesigning the chassis. I mean, there are lots of easy things you can do. You can do hiring freezes and those type of things and we're underway on all that, and you'll start to see some of that in the next couple of quarters, but our commitment is to really underchange the fundamental structure and the business model that results of this. So there are certain businesses. We talked about student loan would be an example that we're we've been supporting from an expense standpoint that just doesn't fit into our strategy and doesn't make sense, so we'll evaluate other parts of our business and other parts of our support structure that are part of that. You could argue we should have been doing that faster. I think that's a legitimate push, and I accept that, but I don't want to think that it's not happening. And that focus is intense, but it is about trying to create more permanent change than structural. I mean let's make the next quarter lower. Let's really change the fundamental structure of the company from an expense standpoint. You've seen me do it before, and you know we can do it again. So my confidence comes from the fact that we've got a team that's committed to this, and the plans that I see and the focus that we have. This is an inflection point from that standpoint in this quarter.
Bill Rogers: Yes. We'll start talking about that in the next couple of quarters, Mike, and how they fit into the overall structure. As I've said to you before, I mean we have -- every business unit has a positive operating leverage plan. I mean that's what we've asked them to do is to create plans that are unique to their businesses, but what we need to do in addition is that sort of the enterprise positive operating leverage focus. 2024, we'll just have to see how it plays out. I mean there's a lot of economic factors that will determine that. So I'd say, not throwing in the towel, so to speak, but we just have to see where some of the economics layout as it relates to that. So if we're in a different rate environment, we're in a different investment banking environment, we're in a different -- then I'll have a different view on that. But as we sit here today, that's -- it's a tough climb, but what we want to do is build that capacity for the long-term.
Bill Rogers: John, I'll turn it over to Clarke, but just -- there's not a trend. So a lot of idiosyncratic things, but let me turn it over to Clarke to do a little more detail.
Bill Rogers: Hey, John, this is Bill. I'll take that. What I said was, obviously, is that the expense growth is going to decrease materially, so that's what we're going to see. And then the absolute expense base related to our businesses. I think the way to think about it, and this was very similar sort of how we came out of the merger is we should be sort of top quartile efficiency ratio. So the efficiency ratio is kind of be a bit determined by a little bit of the market conditions where rates are. But our business model, our construct, things that we're engaged in, I think rather than sort of honing in on a specific number because I think that's sort of boxes you in, so to speak, in terms of business mix and those type of things. I think really hone in on the expectation from shareholders ought to be that we ought to be sort of top quartile from an efficiency ratio given the opportunities that we have, both on the revenue side, and then the diversity and construct of our business mix.
Bill Rogers: And then not to minimize the focus because, I mean, it's acute, but just also remember, 75% of this portfolio is sitting in our markets, so we're sort of a net in migration market. So while they're dealing with current tenants, people are consolidating their office space, all that's happening, we're experiencing that with all of our bars. We also have markets in which there's a lot of in migration, so there's also more new tenants and more opportunities. And it's idiosyncratic, you've got to be in the right building, the Class A, the opportunities and our portfolio arcs to Class A and end market migration market. So again, not to minimize it, but we got -- we have some better opportunities from that side.
Bill Rogers: Matt, maybe at its simplest form, it's me in terms of sort of who's responsible, but our executive leadership team, and we've got a really good focus on this. We've got -- and by the way, we have different third parties helping us with different elements, so they're not an Uber approach because I actually think we need to own it. It needs to be part of the work that we do as a leadership team. But we have a variety of consultants looking on specific areas, so they may be focused on or consolidation of a specific technology or an outsourcing of a particular thing, so they exist as part of the process. But this is an overall leadership team, sleeves rolled up, everybody is in it. Not only line of business up, but most importantly, enterprise across where I think the real efficiencies are achieved and are more permanent as we think about the company.
Bill Rogers: Yes. I mean it's already underway, and it's a continuous improvement. I mean, I think the mentality of structuring the company around our strategic focus and creating a chassis that attaches to it is not a onetime thing. I think that's something that we're constantly doing, constantly looking at again, back to that commitment to sort of be top quartile in terms of how we run the company from an efficient standpoint, so that's both the revenue and the expense part that comes along with that. So it's not a onetime big bang thing because I actually don't think those are permanent. I don't think they stick. This is a philosophy of how we run the company and the approach that we take long-term.
Mike Maguire: Hey, good morning, Ken. It's Mike. I'd say as we think about the rest of the year, the same factors that have been driving, I'd say just Average Balance QT primarily in the second quarter, we had a little bit more of an impact from tax payments will continue. The mixing has been pretty consistent too from a noninterest-bearing demand perspective into higher-cost alternatives. We saw a little bit of an acceleration in the first quarter as you'll recall, but this quarter that stabilized a bit. We were down about 5.5% on those balances and remix from I guess 32% to 31%. We would expect that trend to continue as well. I think really the factor as we think about NII trajectory for the third and the fourth quarter has much more to do with sort of the Fed policy track, right, where we had about call it close to 50 basis points average increase in the Fed funds rate in the second quarter which really did have an impact on our betas, in our funding costs, we would expect that to be about half that in the third quarter and further moderating from there.
Mike Maguire: It's tough. We're at 44% today, that's higher than where we expect it to be. I think we -- as recently as a month or so ago expressed an expectation that maybe mid-to-high 40s would be the case. I think certainly piercing 50%, but really hard to pick a number at this point, Ken, to be honest with you, a lot of it I think has to do with how long we're higher for longer.
Mike Maguire: You know it's -- we look at it on a weekly, monthly basis, Ebrahim. And so, I think, yeah. I mean I think history would say that as we approach and reach this terminal policy rate, we should start to see some moderation in the beta creep. We're starting to see that a little bit, but a month or a few weeks the trend does not make, and so, just being very cautious on the outlook there. I mean at 5.25 going to 5.50, the degree of rate awareness across our client set is very, very high across the industry is very, very high. And so, look I -- and I think that's probably as much as anything driven the miss on betas for the sector so far.
Mike Maguire: Yeah. No, Erika, don't mind at all -- the follow-up question here. So a couple of things, yes. I mean, look, we are according to our NII sensitivity disclosure, relatively neutral and I'd say based on where we are in the cycle and how in particular betas are performing, we're probably even a little bit more liability sensitive to that then that and you see that in our results. We're not currently contemplating a cut this year, and when we talked about our expectations in the middle of June, we were thinking about a cut as early as this year, we've updated our rate view to a -- up 25 at the next meeting and then holding until probably mid '24. So that probably is what's influencing our revenue guide for the rest of this year and especially the NII component, but yeah, I mean, just to get to your question, if we saw it down 100, that would absolutely be a stabilizing force and would be a nice tailwind for our NII based on how we're positioned.
Mike Maguire: Yeah. No problem. So, our expectation is that in the third quarter with a single rate hike -- our -- it will continue on a downward trajectory but at a much more moderate pace, call it half of what we saw in the second quarter. And I think you would expect the pressure to decline even further in the fourth quarter.
Mike Maguire: It's been remixing at about 1% a quarter for us that was about $7 billion in average balance, and 5.5% in the quarter. I would expect that trend to continue at that rate. We spent a lot of time last quarter talking about where that might ultimately land. I think there's a chance that that rate of a percent or whatever 5% to 6% a quarter does begin to moderate some here. Bill and I both talked about sort of maybe it's a mid-20s terminal mix of DDA, but even now I think is in many respects and estimate and trying to rely on pre-pandemic and even pre -- back to the pre-GFC proxy. So, Betsy, I don't know that helps or not, but we are assuming that DDA will continue to decline in the third and the fourth quarter, again, the second quarter is a little tougher because of the tax payments and the likes.
Mike Maguire: As far as the year is concerned, look, we've flipped to this higher for longer. The new guide reflects how betas are performing. So I think we feel like we've got it for the year. As far as trajectory and trough and '24, it's just -- I think it really is going to be rate path and policy dependent, so long as we're at these rates and for longer betas are going to keep creeping. Now the good news is we are seeing -- and Bill mentioned there's some improvement on things like credit spreads and repricing assets, et cetera. But I think so long as we stay at whatever 5.25%, 5.5% or there's risk, if there's a second hike for sure, Mike, to our outlook. But no, I think we've got Q3 and Q4 pretty well pegged.
Mike Maguire: Well, a couple of. I think the positive catalyst even away from rates would be, I guess, in connection with rates would be speeds increasing in terms of the actual cash flow profile. But if you're looking at the rates, we would need to see the long end rally and we'd actually need to see a parallel benefit from mortgage spreads as well. So some of the, for example, rate rally you saw even from the end of the quarter to this to where we are 20, 30 basis points on the 10-year. If mortgage spreads don't come with it, it can lag a bit. But that would be the -- and Gerard thanks for the question because what we tried to lay out on the right-hand part of that slide, frankly, was a pretty conservative burn-down analysis based on today's speeds, which are quite slow and with no benefit from yield curve normalization.
Clarke Starnes: Yes. Thanks, Bill, and thanks, John. So I would just say we had a number of moving pieces this quarter from a credit perspective and a lot of that was an intentionality around actively managing the portfolio. So the takeaways I would give you are. First, we had really solid consumer performance overall with lower NPLs and losses versus our forecast, so the consumer is holding up really well. So where we did see some of the impact, to your point, is in the C&I and CRE books. From a C&I standpoint, we did see some uptick in NPLs and losses, but what I'd tell you is it's more episodic. There's no particular trend or segment issue, as Bill said, and we're coming off really low historical numbers, and so even where we are today would be lower than our long-term numbers. But as far as the NPL increase, most of that was driven by an intentional focus on CRE office. So what we did is we did an intense loan-by-loan review of our -- almost our entire book. So I would just give you some color on Q1 and our community bank, we looked at every -- we looked at all office loans greater than $2 million and in Q2, we looked at everything over $25 million, so we've done a loan-by-loan review with the vast majority of all of our CRE office. That included updated risk assessments and view evaluation. So we work really, really hard to make sure we're not kicking the can down the road and we understand where we are. So as a result of that, we put a few loans on nonaccrual. I would tell you that the predominance of those loans are actually current . They're swapped to maturity from a rate standpoint, and they've got good economic risk. But we're trying to stay focused on their ability to exit at maturity, and so we're looking and making sure we fully understand that, so that drove the increase in NPLs. And then we did recognize that with six bp increase in our allowance. And so our office allocation is up six point overall, so we feel really good about that. So again, I would say the takeaway is worked really hard to make sure we have good visibility in the portfolio. And the good news is our overall guidance for losses really didn't change. We included our student loan impact for Q2, but we maintain otherwise, our loss guidance for the year.
Clarke Starnes: Yes. Again, we're very confident we'll be within the range of 40 to 50 for the entire year. And I would just remind you all that the second half of the year is always seasonally high in our Consumer businesses, particularly in our subprime auto, and so that's why you see the range stay in the 40 to 50 range, so it will be higher than Q2, but within the guidance we've given you.
Clarke Starnes: Hey, John. This is Clarke. While we're comfortable with our reserve levels right now based on what we know today, obviously, CECL's life of loan, given what you know today, obviously, if the economic outlook deteriorates any further or we do see additional deterioration beyond what we believe we've seen and forecasted today around the portfolio performance or risk attributes. You could see some additional incremental build, but I would not expect to see any sort of large build or hockey stick type. So I think it would be more incremental if we see some. And then as far as did say the CRE office reserve is 6.2% overall, I would remind you all, we have about 40% of our portfolio with our small loans and our wealth and CCB segments, which carries higher reserves. So we've got -- but I think are really strong reserves against where I think the fundamental risk is in the office side and then our total CRE allocation right now is 240.
Clarke Starnes: Great question, Gerard. I would say for us, we take a very strict view of accrual status when we think about whether a loan needs to be on nonaccrual or not. And I would just remind you what I said but majority of the loans that we placed on nonaccrual this quarter in the CRE office segment and C&I, but in the CRE office segment are actually currently -- current from a contractual basis right now because they still have good economic rents. They're hedged on the rate side, and so they're performing on their payments. But we're looking at what might happen at the end of term as the rate impact fully hit after the swaps go off and whether there's any risk in leasing activity and then what it costs to, for example, reposition the property from an operating standpoint or structurally to be sure the loan could be resized at maturity. And so that's what's driving our view of accrual status, so a lot of it is the valuation side unless the sponsor of principle can address these risks. The good news is we're working with our sponsors. We don't see our clients in any way just walking away from the loans. We have long-term relationships there. And so we're looking at things like asking them to refit, bring in more equity, give us an LC, bring us some interest reserves. We may do some AB note splits while as they attempt to sell the property. So we've got a lot of tools in the tool chest and we're working all of those. Our goal is to be early on this and work with as many borrowers as we can. And hopefully, the market will improve and will have good success.
