Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Jenny, and good morning, everyone, and thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. This call is being broadcast on the Internet from our website at bbt.com. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer, who will review the results for the first quarter of 2012, as well as provide their thoughts about next quarter. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of this presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. After Kelly, Daryl and Clarke have made their remarks, we will pause to have Jenny come back on the line and explain how you may participate in the Q&A session.  Before we begin, let me remind you, BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecast. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors that could cause actual results to be materially different is contained on Slide 2 of our presentation and in the company's SEC filings.  Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now I’ll turn the call over to Kelly.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Kelly. [Operator Instructions] And now I'll ask Jenny to come back on the line and explain how to submit your question.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thanks, everyone, for your questions. And if you have any follow-ups, please call us in the Investor Relations Department. Thank you.
Clarke R. Starnes: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to report another quarter of improved credit trends consistent with our previous guidance. In particular, we are successfully executing our strategy to aggressively liquidate foreclosed real estate. This is having a very positive impact on reducing nonperforming assets and related credit costs.  If you'll follow with me on Slide 9, you can see that total NPAs were down 7.9% on a linked-quarter basis. This is consistent with the 5% to 10% guidance we gave last quarter, and represents the eighth consecutive quarter with lower NPAs. In fact, total NPAs have declined approximately $1.6 billion or 41.6% over the last 12 months to the lowest level in more than 3 years.  Another highlight of the quarter was a significant reduction in our early-stage credit metrics. TDRs were down 8.5%, 30- to 89-day delinquencies down 23.1% and 90 days still accruing, down 22.3%. This performance is well in excess of the seasonal improvement we would typically expect to see in the first quarter. We also experienced solid performance in our key commercial credit quality numbers with lower watch list, performing TDRs, delinquencies, NPLs and OREO. Given these positive results and our continued focus on improving asset quality, we are reiterating our guidance for a 5% to 10% reduction in NPAs for Q2. Certainly, that assumes the economy doesn't deteriorate significantly.  If you’ll look at Slide 10, we continue to make significant progress in reducing foreclosed real estate balances. This quarter, we saw a decrease of $158 million or 29.5% compared to Q4. And since the first quarter of last year, foreclosed real estate is down $833 million or 68.8%. We do have an intense focus on minimizing inflows, which were down 32% compared to last quarter. We think this is important because of the length of time it takes to move assets through the foreclosure process. So I'm very pleased we've reduced these inflows while also reducing net charge-offs.  We also continue to work very hard to sell existing foreclosed properties with Q1 sales activity of approximately $182 million. And in addition, we have approximately $100 million in sales pipeline going into Q2. As we said last quarter, this aggressive focus in OREO will also substantially reduce the run rate of our foreclosed property expense in 2012. In fact, our foreclosed property expense was $92 million in Q1 versus $346 million in Q4, down 73.4%. And if you exclude the $220 million liquidity mark in Q4 related to the land assets, the expenses were still down 27%, so we're starting to see that reduction in expenses as we had predicted. So we expect foreclosed property expenses for Q2 maybe at a similar level to somewhat lower and trending downward in the second half of the year as properties are liquidated.  So turn to Slide 11, you'll note that our charge-offs, excluding covered assets for the quarter were 1.28%, down from 1.46% last quarter and consistent with our previous guidance, and Q1 losses were at the lowest level in 3 years. But we expect total charge-off, excluding covered assets, to be approximately 1.25% in the second quarter, maybe a little lower and to trend lower thereafter.  Due to the improved credit trends, we did reduce our allowance for credit losses by approximately $64 million in Q1 versus the $121 million in Q4. Reserve coverage remains very strong at 1.11x nonperforming loans. So continued improvement in our credit performance trends and the benefit to Kelly's point of our asset diversification efforts will likely allow for future reductions in our reserves and credit-related expenses as we move forward. So in summary, we're very pleased with the solid pace of credit improvement this quarter. Given the successful execution of our NPA reduction strategies, we're well positioned to benefit from lower levels of NPAs and related credit cost. So with that, let me turn it over to Daryl for his comments on the quarter.
Clarke R. Starnes: And I would say, Greg, particularly on the prime side, a lot of our growth has been opportunities to expand particularly with the Colonial acquisition in Texas and Alabama and more presence in Florida and then just good, solid growth in our existing legacy offices. So for us, it's not been a change of strategy. We're just better penetrating, we think.
Clarke R. Starnes: John, this is Clarke. What that primarily was, we had because of the very strong mortgage refi market in our correspondent channel, we had some over lines that had funded up and actually, they -- the investors finally called up and this cleared out toward the end of the quarter, and now those are kind of funding right back up. So it was really unusual phenomena related to our commercial warehouse business. Our core corporate and commercial lending was not down.
Clarke R. Starnes: It's hard to fully predict. But to Kelly's point, I think you would see continued rate of runoff at a similar level in the ADC portfolio, which is now in the period down to about $1.8 billion. That will continue to run off, I think, incrementally. We believe, however, the trajectory of decline in the CRE other portfolio is close to bottoming out, so you ought to start -- we're almost at the inflection point, and I think you'll start seeing some incremental growth as we get later in the year and as we go into 2013.
Clarke R. Starnes: Michael, this is Clarke. As I said earlier, our pipeline numbers are up about 15% on a linked-quarter basis, so from the end of December to the end of March. So again, we feel really good about that and then commitments were up as well. Our utilization is about flat, so we believe with some improved utilization at some point in the future and as those pipelines pull through, that's going to keep driving the growth.
Clarke R. Starnes: Absolutely. I mean, one thing, just to remind everyone, our nonperforming assets are down 42% over the last year. So I think we're very pleased about that and what we ought to expect is the rate of trajectory and improvement from here on out to be more incremental as we move toward a more normalized level. We've kind of said before what we're trying to do in our asset diversification plan is to build a target portfolio of mix that has maybe expected losses, we're guessing in the 60 to 80 basis points range on a long-term basis with lower volatility around that mean. And so that's what we're trying to accomplish. Obviously, we're not quite there yet on the loss or the NPA side. But so my view is it'll be more incremental from here than the sharp rate of trajectory we saw over the last 12 months.
Clarke R. Starnes: Jessica, this is Clarke. We are participating in HARP 2 for our own book only. So we did have some benefit in the first quarter. About 30% of our retail refis were HARP-related, and about 8% of our total production, including correspondent. But we haven't decided to participate in the open access program for other's book. So HARP would not be a big story for us in the second -- in the first quarter.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes, I would say what you described is accurate, lots of competition, lots of conversations going on, so it's highly competitive. But I think we're focused on our target profiles and we're engaging. We are seeing more of that engagement ultimately come into the financing or the project that we're looking at.
Clarke R. Starnes: Great question, Matt. I would say let me qualify what we said about pricing. Overall, in the corporate space, the pricing is leveling to a degree, I would say, and is still acceptable given the risk return trade-off. However, in the most desired spots, for example, funded credits or lower risk, tax-exempt-type highly rated credit, those are extremely competitive. And unfortunately, some of those spreads or pricing is moving and drifting back toward historical norms, so -- and we are seeing, if you want to reach out there and get the yield, there are some softening around structures and covenants, and we're just not choosing to play there or we're not -- or if you want to go to the leverage market and some of those things to get the yields. So I'd say if you want to keep it within our risk profile, it's still very, very competitive, but still acceptable.
Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. So in summary, we continue to invest in businesses that can drive revenue. We have underlying fundamentals that are very strong in loan and deposit growth and fee income, and I would particularly point out insurance are exceptionally strong. We're successfully executing on our diversification in risk management, risk mitigation strategies, and we are continuing to focus on reconceptualizing our businesses to drive revenue and expense optimization. We believe we still provide the best value proposition in our markets, and so we're optimistic about our performance for 2012. I would point out that this is our 140th year, our birthday at BB&T. And notwithstanding that tremendous heritage, we still believe our best days are ahead.  So Tamera, I'll turn it back to you for questions.
Kelly S. King: I think what we're saying here is we have a number of businesses that are really, really doing very, very well. And so what you saw in the first quarter is kind of interesting, was it? We had a bumper closing towards the end of the fourth quarter. You often get that for tax reasons and recharging the people's balance sheet. And then, I think, we told you on the first quarter call that there was a little lull in the first -- kind of first 45 days, and then things started building in the pipeline again as we headed into the end of first into the fourth. So we think that based on the momentum of our pipeline that we see today, we're comfortable with our 5% to 7% type of range. There's certainly some possibility to be on the high side of that based on everything that we see. But we're being a little cautious, to be honest, because we don't think the economy is growing that fast. I know some people may have given different feedback on that. But when we talk to businesses, it's like this. Big businesses are generally doing well. Small to medium-sized businesses, in many cases, are still struggling. So the overall economy is growing about 2%. So keep in mind that we are not doing a lot of these loans that a lot of other companies are doing. These leveraged loans and these structured loans, we're just not doing. And so growing 5% to 7% in a 2% kind of GDP environment, we think, is really strong.
Kelly S. King: And Erika, this is Kelly. Keep in mind that we do have, as you pointed out, some more downside on the funding cost. So if rates stay really low, which we don't think they will, but if they do, then you've got even more downside opportunity on the funding side. And the good news is we're just finally beginning to see a little firming on corporate pricing. It's a little too early to call it a trend, but our people told us earlier this week they are seeing some firming. So there's some opportunity for it to stabilize a little better than you might think.
Kelly S. King: So Catherine, to be honest with you, it's kind of challenging right now to give you a really firm projection because you've got 2 things going on. You've got -- with rates so low and right now, they're extremely low, refinances are very strong. But we've clearly seen in the last 6 months a substantial shift towards purchasing, which is really encouraging. And I drive around and talk to our producers, and they tell me that there's been a substantial shift towards purchasing. So clearly, confidence is coming back. People are beginning to buy houses. They're beginning to have -- therefore, purchase mortgages. And so if you think of it going forward, if rates stay really low and if this consumer confidence stays high, you could expect volume similar to what we saw in the first quarter. If on the other hand, rates pop up, I don't think that would speak to purchases because I don't think that really drives purchases. Our rate is so low, if it goes up 50 basis points, it’s not going to affect purchases. It would if they were refinancing. So we would probably project for the next 2 or 3 quarters, something lower than the first quarter, but it's hard to say we'd be substantially lower than that.
Kelly S. King: And the only other point I'd just give you, just as a data point, is that our April production level is at a similar level to the first quarter level. So this is right up to date, I can tell you, it's running at about the same level.
Kelly S. King: Gerard, I'd say it's -- we're certainly not having any being picked off. What we have is basically clients that have had real challenges in the marketplace understandably. In some cases, they've gone out of business. In some cases, their volumes are just really low. And frankly, we're not looking for any new, and so we are focusing on our risk diversification strategy. We could be doing more of that, but we're very intent about executing on what we've said about our diversification strategy. So we don't have any real energy in trying to do ADC, and that's coming down. And so in terms of other commercial, we are aggressively looking for IPP, but we're not looking for some of the kinds of, again, super high-rise, office buildings and hotels and that kind of thing that maybe some other people are doing.
Kelly S. King: So Gerard, our strategy on M&A is basically the same as it's been really for the last 3 years. We're first looking to try to build out more density in our existing footprint. So the areas that I would emphasize there would be in the broader D.C. Maryland area. We could certainly use some more density there. Depending on the markets, parts of Florida, for example, obviously, BankAtlantic does a lot for us in the Greater Miami area, taking us from #14 to #6. We could certainly -- we'd like to have some more density in the Great Atlanta area, but there's not much availability there. Over time, you can expect to see us try to do fill-in in the, obviously, the emerging Texas market for us. So that's where our -- that's clearly where our primary focus is. But to be honest, there's just not a lot of activity out there now. People are still, it seems, very much in a waiting stage. I think a lot of banks that may have decided to do a strategic combination at some point, they simply just want to get through the completeness of the cycle. In some cases, I think they want to see their prices go back up to what they think they might get to. And so there's a lot of -- there just is a lot of waiting out there going on. So we think, as we've said in the past, we'll continue to look very aggressively at all of the opportunities that make sense for us strategically. But we remain disciplined with regard to not taking any material asset risk and making sure it's a good shareholder-friendly transaction.
Kelly S. King: Yes, so -- you start -- you well pointed out with the baseline of retention, we do a fantastic job. I think the latest number on retention is something like 97%. So we always have a really high retention factor because we focus the most on our existing clients and doing a really good high-quality job. So in the basic, what I call small to medium-sized retail, that business is not changing too much today other than we're keeping really good high retentions. Where you see real movement is in wholesale and in large corporate retail. We actually started seeing about 6 months ago movement in wholesale. Remember, we're in wholesale and retail, so we get to see it as it moves through the pipe. So we started seeing firming up in prices about 6 months ago in wholesale. It's now showing up in McGriff, which is our large corporate retail, beginning to show up in BB&T Insurance, which is a small medium-sized ticket retail, and so it's kind of across the board. And it's really been fairly recent in the retail side. In fact, I literally just met with our 3 top executives from Crump yesterday and I’ll make a segue point. They are extraordinarily impressive folks, extremely well trained and great diversification of experiences. They really add dramatically to our level of executive expertise in the whole insurance area. They affirmed to me yesterday that they're seeing the very same thing in the PC area. Life rates tend to be more stable. That's one of the things we like about that. Recall that life has a better margin. Life tends to run about a 30% margin, where PC runs about a 10% to 12% margin. But they all -- they said on the PC side and the life side that they were looking for -- and our people said this too, on the traditional BB&T, that looking forward, they're looking to high-single digit premium increases over the next period of time. So we've clearly seen that change. We've been waiting for years for it and it seems to be really growing.
Kelly S. King: That's right. That total is about $300 million on an annualized basis, so that increases our revenue from about $1 billion to $1.3 billion.
Kelly S. King: It's a -- it's really, frankly, a matter of us continuing to execute very well on our community banking strategy, which we've been doing for 20-plus years. We believe it really does create the best value proposition in the market. We define value as a function of quality relative to price. All of the feedback we get from clients and from outside statistical research is that our quality is significantly better than our major competitors’. But we're kind of doing what we do, which is consistently out there in the market delivering that value proposition. And frankly, our market is in a pretty substantial state of disruption. I mean, you have P&C, RBC, you have Wells, Wachovia. All of that is literally just unfolding as we speak. We have some other competitors who have balance sheet challenges. And so we're kind of steady-state in the marketplace while others are having lots of challenges. Now frankly, lots of those challenges for some of them will go away, they’ll settle down. But for right now, it's a wind of opportunity for us, and we're working really hard to take advantage of it.
Kelly S. King: Yes, and one of the things, Michael, that happened with regard to larger corporate is that because bond rates have been so low, a number of corporates went out of the banks and into the bond market. You know that ebbs and flows, and we think that was more temporary than permanent, and so as -- if that subsides, as we expect, that'll be a lift in and of itself relative to those typical financings coming back into the banks.
Kelly S. King: So Jonathan, the transaction is moving very, very well. The markets down there are, I would say, net, improving. The retail franchise there is very stable. When we travel down there, which I did just a couple of weeks ago and meet with our FCLs and talk to our tellers and relationship bankers, they are extremely positive. When we ask them how the clients feel, they're extremely excited, very positive. And clearly, the merger is being viewed by the clients and the employees as a very positive factor. So it's going very well. The feedback I get is that deposits are relatively flat, but what has happened is, it has improved the mix. Some of the CDs have gone down, but transaction accounts have gone up. And so we're seeing some upwards shift in terms of momentum. Frankly, a lot of -- they tell me a lot of clients that had left are coming back over concerns they had before. And so really, every bit of feedback we get out of the franchise is very, very positive.
Kelly S. King: Yes, well, I'd say, generally, in the aggregate, I would say the real estate market in Florida is stabilized and improving. For example, if you go to the Gulf Coast, clearly, prices have firmed up and beginning to go up. Activity is substantially up. If you go to Miami where, as you recall, there was a huge glut, something like 28,000 condo units on the market. There's been a major surge of Latin America investors coming in, and the latest report I saw was that there's a -- it’s a 90% -- 93% occupancy. So all of that is because they turned the condos into rental properties. So there are 3 projects in Miami on -- getting ready to come out of the ground. So I'm sure you could probably find some spots of Florida that still have some issues. But overall, I'd call it stabilized to improving.
Kelly S. King: Well, Chris, you know there's always a scenario, but I think that's a little too conservative to say nothing happens. But on the other hand, I think the spirit of what you're saying is probably more right. I don't see much -- anything big happening. And I don't know there's little happening. So I'd probably say nothing, but I wouldn't be encouraging to see a lot of activity. And I'm not overly concerned about that. I mean we've got such a phenomenal opportunity on organic and if something comes along, small and it really fits us strategically, is well priced, we'd take a look at it. But we're really kind of are laser-focused on organic growth now and just kind of waiting out this whole merger thing ’til the metrics begin to work.
Kelly S. King: I tell you, I may differ some than some of these politicians and some people that want to wish and hope. But I think that the way it looks is large corporations are doing well because remember, a lot of them are focused on international. And China's doing well, 8% or 9% growth, so a lot have been participating in that, in India and so forth. The large corporates are doing very well on the bottom line, especially because they're doing a lot of restructurings in the process. The feedback I get though is when you talk to small medium-size businesses, they're not losing money, they're growing very slowly. They'll say to me, is they'll say, "Look, my business is kind of okay, but it's mostly because I'm really controlling my costs. But I am so scared about what's coming out of Washington. There's so much uncertainty. There's so much lack of positive leadership. I don't know what's happening in insurance. I don't know what’s happening on taxes. The regulators are killing me. I'm just not be -- I'm willing to invest until I see some things change out of Washington." So I think that is a wet blanket, and so my personal projection is that it's going to be a slow growth, not a double-dip or anything, but a slow growth, 2% kind of growth, maybe 2.5% for the rest of this year. If you begin to see some indications of positive leadership out of Washington, I think you'll begin to head into the end of the year and the first part of the year with a nice head of steam because there's a lot of pent-up demand.
Kelly S. King: Yes, just a quick closing remark. Thanks, everybody for joining us today. We appreciate it. Again, it was a strong quarter. Looking forward, we are optimistic. We have some really unique opportunities. We have a lot of diversification on our revenue stream. We have a lot of new markets that are under-penetrated, and we have a really well-developed execution strategy around our value proposition. So while we're a little bit cautious about the economy, we're very optimistic about our particular opportunities and look forward to a good quarter and a good remaining part of the year. I hope everybody has a great day.
Daryl N. Bible: Craig, the size of the portfolio is approximately $10 billion. About $2.5 billion is in Regional Acceptance, which is mainly the sub-prime business and the other 3/4, $7.5 billion, is in our prime.
Daryl N. Bible: And Kelly, I would chime in, Craig, that our commitments were actually up 8% for the linked-quarter on the C&I side and our pipeline's up 15%, as Kelly said. And we feel really good about that, that will pull through to a higher average in the second. We did have a little bit of paydown on our mortgage warehouse business right at the end of the quarter, which is reported in our C&I segment. That's already rebounding there. So we feel very good that we can be in that 5% to 7% range that Kelly said, without participating in those riskier segments.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, I think if you back out all the purchase accounting entries, I think it's in the mid-40s. And if you adjust for that margin, core margin was basically down just a basis point or 2 on a quarter-over-quarter basis. I think that's correct.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. I'd say, Erika, right now, when we talked about long-term margin guidance, we're around 3.7%. I think we also talked about if the rate environment stays where it is for a protracted period of time, that puts pressure on the 3.7%. So I would say right now, where I sit with the rate environment, our core margin will probably stabilize between 3.7% and 3.6%, and not the 3.8% handle.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, on a month-by-month basis, the January refinance was in the mid-70s. And by the March, our refinance activity dropped to the high 50s. So we actually had a lot more purchase activity towards the end of the first quarter.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, too, Catherine, is if you look at the gain on sale, the spreads that we achieved in the first quarter, they're at 168 basis points. Last year, our spreads averaged 102. So you can see, as Kelly said, the low-rate environment. Everything kind of went in our direction, and we're able to achieve really high margins on the funds that we originated and sold off.
Daryl N. Bible: As far as the revenue for the second quarter, I would probably put in about $75 million additional revenue for '12.
Daryl N. Bible: Sure, Ken. So we are pleasantly surprised this quarter. If you look at the net impact on purchase accounting, it was relatively flat on a linked-quarter basis. I would say on a net basis for the next 2 to 3 quarters, I would expect maybe a $10 million to $20 million net decline on a consecutive-quarter basis. As far as on net interest income, I would say estimate, after we run these cash flows every quarter, but it's approximately another $10 million to $15 million decline in net interest income for the next couple of quarters and then maybe accelerating to $20 million to $30 million when you get down to the fourth quarter.
Daryl N. Bible: Sure, Greg. As far as the TruPS would play out, I would probably expect the calling of all of our TruPS towards the back part of this year. Probably in the fourth quarter is what I would expect from that perspective. As far as our deposit cost, as Kelly said earlier, we were down 7 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. We’d probably expect our deposit cost to end the year to about 40 basis points by the end of 2012. From a long-term debt perspective, we'll get a little bit of relief this year, with long-term debt starts coming down, but I think the bulk of that benefit will come in 2013.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Brian. So what I can tell you is as we benefited from the OCI change, it was also a benefit from that perspective. So it's a combination of risk-weighted assets plus OCI from that perspective. From a capital perspective, I think our Basel III Tier 1 common is definitely well above where we think we need it to be once the new U.S. rules come out. The acquisitions that closed this quarter should take approximately 70 to 80 basis points out of Tier 1 common this quarter, but we expect to build that back relatively fast over the next couple of quarters.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Brian, right now, we are keeping a 10- and 15-year mortgages. As Clarke and Kelly said, as our CRE stops running off and starts to build back, we will stop retaining those mortgages and sort of start selling those out probably towards the end of this year. We will probably still be able to still grow the balance sheet with that change and it’s still the 5% to 7% range though. We're just changing buckets, which also will help margin because the CRE will have wider credit spreads than the Residential Mortgages coming on our book.
Daryl N. Bible: I think, Jessica, right now, we are with the Fed in that we don't think rates are going to rise through '14. We think it may happen sooner than that, but we are not counting on that. So yes, I would say that our margin would be in the 3.70% to 3.60% area. If rates rise, that would benefit us since we are positioned for rising rates, but that's probably going to be the next couple of years.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, what I can tell you is once we close the BankAtlantic transaction, our plan is to call the TruPS at the soonest possible time. If you look at all the TruPS that they have, the vast majority are callable immediately. I think there's 2 or 3 that might be callable later in the year. But our plan is just to treat them just like our TruPS to call them as soon as we are able to.
