Rich Baytosh: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. On today's call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the third quarter and provide some thoughts for the fourth quarter of 2019. We also have Clark Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer, participating in the Q&A session. We will be referencing a slide presentation during the call. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this presentation that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, in connection with the proposed merger with SunTrust, BB&T has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 to register the shares of BB&T's capital stock to be issued in connection with the merger, which contains a joint proxy statement prospectus that has been sent to the shareholders of BB&T and SunTrust. Please refer to the cautionary statements on Page 2, regarding forward-looking information in our presentation, our SEC filings, and the legends on Page 3 that relate to additional information and participants in the solicitation. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Rich Baytosh: Thank you, Kelly. John, at this time if you would come back on the line and explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session.
Rich Baytosh: Okay. Thank you, John and thank you everyone for joining us. I apologize to those we have time to get through today and we will call you later. And I hope everyone has a good day. Thank you very much.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Chris. Continuing on slide 20, you will see our outlook. The following guidance is based on BB&T standalone. However, we continue to expect the merger of equals with SunTrust will close in the fourth quarter. We expect total loans held for investment to be flat versus third quarter mainly due to seasonality. Excluding this, loans would be up 1% to 3% versus linked quarter. We expect net charge-offs to be in the range of 35 basis points to 45 basis points and the provision is expected to match net charge-offs plus loan growth. We also expect GAAP and core net interest margin to be down 7 basis points to 9 basis points. As we discussed earlier, we are building liquidity for the merger for LCR, our liquid asset buffer and parent company cash. This will negatively impact net interest margin by approximately three to five basis points in the fourth quarter. Adjusted for the liquidity build, we expect net interest margin to decrease three to five basis points. We anticipate fee income to be up 2% to 4% versus light quarter driven by insurance and mortgage banking. We expect expenses, excluding merger related expenses to be flat versus light quarter. We expect one-time expenses for the MOE to be about $60 million to $80 million in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by personnel and professional costs. And we anticipate an effective tax rate of 20% to 21%. Finally, BB&T's full year guidance remains intact. In a challenging rate environment, we will continue to grow our revenues faster than expenses, driving positive operating leverage. We will be more pronounced, which we more pronounced once we close the MOE. In summary, the quality of our core earnings this quarter was excellent, resulting in strong loan growth, solid fee income versus last year, and excellent asset quality. Now let me turn it back to Kelly for an update on the merger of equals and closing Q&A.
Daryl Bible: I would say, John, that if you look at our linked quarter, it probably be down a touch, just because of the drop that we have in margin and flat earnings assets for the most part of linked quarter. A lot of that is just due to seasonality on the loan side, like I said in the prepared remarks. And then the margin decline, core margin's really down 3 to 5 basis points. The rest of it is just due to building up excess liquidity for a combination with SunTrust, so that we can have strong liquidity, our CR ratios and just strong overall cash on hand and how we're going to run our company.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would say, John, is we still have 100% clarity between both companies. So we have high-level estimates. I would say once we close this quarter, if we give us a little bit of time, a month or so, we'll come out with more clear guidance on a go-forward basis on the timing of our cost saves and how we're going to get the cost saves. So we know you guys need that information and we will provide it for you, but we got to get the deal closed, and we have to make sure we understand where all the savings dollars are coming from first.
Daryl Bible: Well, as I said, John, we're focusing on the fourth quarter. Obviously, we are aware that it possibly could slip through the first quarter and we're giving some thought to that, but most of our focus is on the fourth quarter. We are not aware of any reason to expect to go into the first quarter. I only say that, today this is beyond our control. This is in the regulatory framework. And they move it at their own pace. And so all we can do is, give you our best information based on what we know. And based on what I now know I still expect a fourth quarter close.
Daryl Bible: So, John, I mean, both companies are looking at their balance sheets very thoroughly right now. Kelly said earlier, one of the things we want to do when we combine is, we want to make sure that our interest rate sensitivity is relatively neutral to slightly biased up a little bit. But try to get it to be more neutral, so we don't have a huge impact to NII as rates continue to change. We also, as I said earlier, would have strong liquidity. From a credit perspective, if there are certain portfolios or loans that can be sold that Clarke and Ellen Koebler want to get after balance sheet, you know we will take advantage and do that as well. And lastly, what we will look at, assets not so much a decision on the business, but if there is assets on the books that might be marginally not the best performance from our capital return perspective, we might see us shed some of those as well. So all that's coming together, we'll have more color on that later in the quarter as we close.
Daryl Bible: So we are still working on our numbers, at the 85% number. Both companies operated at 70%. So, we will have to have one form or another higher – high quality assets on our balance sheet. We'll take some form. So we started to build that at the end of this past quarter. So that's it. From a interest rate sensitivity, by us purchasing those securities, we also did unwound some pay fixed swaps, put on some receive fixed swaps. It did create us, so that again we improved our sensitivities on the downside, but it hurt on the upside. No, ideally when we close or shortly thereafter, we would want it to be somewhat symmetrical in that. We would so probably lose a little bit on the downside, but benefit on the upside as we work on that. Donna and her team are working together and they are coming up with strategies post legal day one, such that, we will try to get into that position. You're right. We were kind of, cut in the middle of what we're trying to do right now is what you saw at the end of this quarter, but we will work towards that, and we'll see how that all comes together. But I feel confident we'll get into a position where we need to be post close.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, where we stand right now, right now, we'll probably a touch under and – but as Kelly said, we don't really know the exact date we're going to close when interest rates are. We're still working with Deloitte, our third-party on the actual mark for SunTrust all that is coming together nicely. My guess is, we'll be close to 10%, we may not be at 10% right now, but it also depends on depending on what assets we decide to share or whatever could have an RWA left potentially. So you never know as how you get there right now. It's – we're in the hunt, but there is no guarantee that we will be 10% or close. But this – this company combine generates a lot of capital, a lot of earnings, and we will get to 10% I think in a relatively short amount of time. But it's still a wild card that you don't really know, because rates are so volatile right now where you're going to be. I just know that we have a lot of flexibility and we're working to try to do what we can to maximize and optimize the balance sheet.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, I mean for BB&T, our CECL reserves are going to be higher than where we operate – and we incurred right now. We're probably up in the neighborhood of 30% to 50% in that range. All that could be a moot point when we – if we close this quarter, in the fourth quarter. So, Clarke and Ellen Koebler and our teams have been working on the combined choice number. We are at a point now where we can disclose that number. We have to still work on that, but the teams are working together and just coming up with it. As far as the purchase accounting marks go, I would say when we announced this transaction in February, we were saying the credit mark would be 2%. We believe the marks are coming in close to that level, but that's not final yet. It could be a little give or take, plus or minus on that, but I think we're in the ballpark of that. The other marks on the liquidity and interest rate marks right now, it is at a slight discount, but that's also volatile to what happens in the marketplace. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Daryl Bible: So, Michael it's Daryl. So the numbers are still coming together. So year-to-date between BB&T and SunTrust, if you look at our charges today, we're about $250 million between marks and MOE-related expenses. We got some more information on the IT convergence, that's getting finalized, that's going to be a very large number. So I don't have all the number in yet, but I'm pretty sure that we are going to probably utilize the bulk of the $2 billion. We'll give you more color as we close because we still don't have all the information that we really need between each of ourselves until we close the transaction. But what I'm seeing right now and there is a very complicated integration, as Kelly talked about, hooking these computers together is going to take some a lot of need for outside assistance to help with that all come together. So I would say, it's going to be the bulk of the $2 billion from what we are seeing right now, but we'll give a better information. First, our timing goes, we're trying to get majority of all the systems put together by the end of 2021, if that's possible. We will do the – the teams are working really hard to work out those plans and feel very comfortable that, that can be done in the timeframe, but we'll give you more specifics as we get more clarity, probably over the next couple of months but things are coming in as expected. And I think you're going to have a really robust combination of IT systems when it's all set and done.
Daryl Bible: Yes, I'll make a comment. Then I'll let Clarke to make a comment. The feedback that I get primarily from our Regional Presidents, but also talking directly to class when I'm traveling around, you know for 10 years of MainStreet America really kind of suffered as the biggest companies were doing more robust international business and MainStreet were still recovering from the recession. But MainStreet has recovered from the recession and after 10 years now at investing MainStreet is now needing to invest, learning to invest and they are investing. So MainStreet is kind of a broad-based business activity that we see across to the right of our business activities and of course, we don't participate as much and a larger global international businesses, so as they are seeing more of the impact of the trade war is not, that's not impacting us as much as we, some of the mega banks. So I'll say, earlier it was if we are still here, we are beginning to hear some conversation from our local MainStreet clients, around uncertainties, around trade wars because after while it drift down MainStreet and everybody talks about it, if that persist for a long time, it will affect MainStreet, but it's not having a material impact today. Clarke, any color on that.
Kelly King: Yeah. So with regard to the staffing, I fully expect virtually 100% of all the staffing to be agreed to -- by around 1st of November and we're very close. It's -- there won't be many that we'll be hanging out there by 1st of November. In terms of the ecosystems, we've covered all of them. And so that was 100 net volumes, so we're going through that thoroughly. And so we feel really, really good. And that's the first step by the way in the whole conversion process. You simply have to decide which ecosystems and then all the various systems within those ecosystems. So all of that is going along really, really well. We are completely on-track with regard to that. In terms of the technology savings, you know it has multiple facets. The first thing is, you have redundant hardware, which of course goes away. You have -- you have redundant programmers with regard to willingly offering to the redundant hardware systems and tuner for software systems. You know when you pick one system over another system that necessarily frees up expense system -- with regard to that. And then of course, you're thinking in terms of reinvesting for the technology of the future. And you're right -- when we announced this deal, we said this was really about putting together two companies that of course will become more economically sound, but really leaning into the future by investing in technology that would allow us to be a leader with regard to meeting our clients' needs. That's a process that’s light as easy and to be honest, as you know, hook in the computers up of the existing systems because we're having to look at what's available today out there that we don't have. And to be honest, it is not a lot out there today that we don't have. We are in really good shape. If you look at like our digital platform, I mean, we're constantly rated as number one, two and three in the entire system -- including all the big banks, despite what some people say it as, we are extremely well positioned with regard to that. But the world change really fast and so we have to invest a lot to purely stay at the top. And then, we are already beginning to do work in terms of thinking about what's the next step, what's the new frontier, what is the next investment that we can make that will substantially improve the lives of our clients. And so, that's what this whole innovation center is all about. It is creating a group of teams. So we have 20 to 40 agile teams that will be focusing on improving the existing products and services and approaches, but creating new products and services and small business in retail across the board. We are canvassing the world in terms of what's out there. We don't believe in recreating at will to something out there around the world that we can bring to our clients, we want to do that. But we also recognize that this world is changing so fast that there is opportunity for us to create a new will. And so innovation is about all this whole process. So the mechanics of all that is very complicated, but it's really a bifurcated process hooking into existing computers up and then say, people kind of chuckle when I say, but it really is that simple, is hooking the computers out and make sure we operate efficiently from day one and then making sure we're layering on top of that improvements that will make our clients' life better.
Kelly King: I don't most -- I don't most believe in times, so I would just put that out there, I’ll try to be straightforward and honest about everything I’d say and be always light, I'll tell you truth. And so, what I was referring to is that, we've had a number of statistically valid feedback sessions from 20,000 plus of SunTrust and BB&T clients that have associates -- I'm sorry associates that have validated what I said. So for example early on when we were doing the name research, we had 20,000 plus responses to our 10,000 from each side, and we gave down a list of 16 words to describe the companies and all groups on both sides picked the exact same four words, which is pretty incredible. And then, we did a more sophisticated study in terms of, kind of, how we do business around here, kind of the behavioural aspects of culture. And we were shown by the research people, statistically driven graphs that showed BB&T associate responses and SunTrust associate responses and it was a virtual complete overlap, meaning whether the masses of our employees and you asked him how do you feel about this or that or the other, they gave you the exact or same response. And I guess that anecdotally when I'm travelling around into field and talking to our people and when I ran into SunTrust people, you know, I just ask, how is it going? This is going great. We work together. We had lunch together, non-competitively, but I think they know each other, they're all friends. And I talk about each other just very positively and affirmatively. And so, when you put all that together, I'm quite certain there are no material deficit. It is always understood when you guys have big companies. I'm sure you'd find something which is different about the companies. But where there are, you know what I call manual differences, they will just fade as we come together as Truist and operate under our new purpose, mission and values. So they will just fade away. If we were to encounter in a material, which we not, we would deal with it straight up and the executive team and we were the richer consensus and move forward. But we've covered a lot of issues. At this point, it has been nine months we have covered a lot of warfront and the teams are working great as I've said, and we've not discovered material issues that I could say you was a real culture crack. Bill Rogers and I have this working arrangement together where we talk about no light between us and so we've committed to each other very deeply that, if either one of us see any light, we get on the phone immediately, talk about it and we haven't found any light yet. I'm not saying we won't, but I don't think we will. But we have the mechanism and a commitment and the trust between Bill and I and all the way through the teams that, if we do have issues we deal with them promptly, quickly and decisive.
Kelly King: So, Betsy, just at a general level, you'll recall that we said that we want to target 10% CET1 at close and we really are not going to consider buybacks until after we hit that level. Now, I recognize that many investors have already asked me, why do you need such a hefty CET1 level, because that's got a lot of cushion and at which it does. But the reason is, because we going through a whopping big merger, which has got a lot of uncertainty, the economic environment has uncertainty, geopolitical events have uncertainty. So, for all those reasons, we are conservative and they still stock on 10%. So, there I'll give you a little color on just a second about kind of where we are. From my point of view, it's hard to know and it kind of depends on what rates are. These marks are huge impact in terms of capital position, but it's going to be close to 10%, which means it's not going to be too far past legal day one that we'll be back in about their business, but these specific dates, Daryl, can give you a better feel.
Kelly King: Sure. For fourth quarter, we – this is our lowest quarter of the year seasonally. Fourth quarter will be our second lowest. So we would expect from here, commissions to step-up in the 3% range. But – so we're looking out further in fourth and maybe the first half of 2020. What you have really is post the two years, large years of insurable loss of 2017, 2018 as I had mentioned earlier, you have tightening of capacity in the market such that there is still upward pressure on pricing. It is hard to know exactly sort of how long that last. But certainly, fourth quarter, we expect it to hold possibly, even push-up a bit depending on how the reinsurance renewals go in January and I think you also could see some further commitment to that pressure. So when we look at the balance of the year, we're expecting sort of full year organic growth to come in at least for us in the 6% to 7% kind of range. We're – year-to-date, we're at 9.1% right now. Possibly, we could beat those numbers and we expect the industry probably be in the mid-4s. So I think building very, very strong about the backdrop of the market as a result of that, but also I would say, because of the half approach we started over a year ago, we feel really good about our team. As I said, our new business growth has built upon itself every quarter throughout this year, and we've got a technology going in, in just about every business which has helped us be more efficient, more effective. So I think the prospects for us to outperform the market as we look forward are very, very solid, both in margin and in overall growth.
Kelly King: So I think, predicting what your capital level needs to be out in the future here is a bit of guessing game because you really can't predetermine what your capital levels are going to unless you predetermine what then existing circumstances are going to be. So it always has to be a hedge. The best way to think about us is relative to the environment. So if the environment is relatively risky, you will see us being relatively more conservative in terms of capital, liquidity, and we will always have strong diversification. Capital and liquidity vary depending on the circumstances that we see at the time and the forecast that we made. As I said earlier, today from a conservative point of view, you just have to recognize that doing a large deal there are just lots of issues while we feel extraordinary confident about the conversion and all of that, but still think that I can't guarantee. And you know, and my prediction is by the end of the year we will have a carried over reconciliation and a NAFTA approval – new NAFTA approval, et cetera, but I can't guarantee that. So when you threw all that, that anchors you back to the 10. Now to your point about, all those moving to 9% or so, I certainly don't think -- I mean, when we get to a more tranquil or predictable environment, I don't think 9% is going to inappropriate at all. I think cushioned down to 8.5%, which still gives you 150 basis points over the minimum kind of 7. But remember 7 is really hard. So you don't ever want to be here close to 7 because some pretty bad stuff that happens when you get there. So the debate is really between 8.5% and 9% ongoing more stable environment position in my view. And so as things stabilize, I will be recommending to the Board, if we consider a lower target capital level and based on the work that Daryl and his team does we'll come up with whatever the number looks like, but we are not going to be rushed and I want to be fair to our shareholders, there is opportunity here, but we're going to be conservative and I won’t – mark to understand that and mark over-promise and well over deliver
Kelly King: Yes, so it's a very good question, and you're right. We have limited insight into that because we've been very, very clear to our people. We are ROA competitors today as we have since day one. And we're not going to walk anywhere close to that line item of not being competitive, and so, therefore, we have very limited information. We do pickup little bits of anecdotal feedback. And certainly, there are clients that are out there talking about, hey, it's going to be great when you guys get together, you will have more expanded lending capacity, you have more products and services, if they were BB&T or SunTrust Advisory, they would both say the same thing, which is true. And so I think everybody recognizes the opportunity out there by us combining  In terms of any attrition materially, but I've heard when you go to BB&T side, there is – has not been. I notice there's been lot of conversation out in the market about everybody's saying they're taking all of our business, that's not true, you just saw our growth numbers, we grew alone 6.5% and our deposits grew 5%. So – I don't know how to be clear than that. There is a not any immaterial attrition. Our turnover rate is about the same or lower than it has been. So I would say to you that this is extraordinarily successful to this point. There is no indication of any decay and there's no expectation of any decay rather the expectation is a rather positive optimistic opportunity as we come together.
Kelly King: So Stephen, we are very excited about the move for all three markets, Charlotte Atlanta and Winston-Salem. Charlotte is a super dynamic market. I mean it's going extremely fast. Its got to be real kind of a major focus for young professionals to be attract and a lot of technology people there, a lot of technology companies there, auto companies moving their technology operations there. When this merger is done, Charlotte is the second largest financial district in the country. And so, Charlotte is going to be a mega place for us to do business. But Atlanta is fantastic as well. Atlanta you could say is clearly the dominant city in the Southeast. It's a fantastic place. We love Atlanta and we will continue to love Atlanta. This is not -- we're not moving out of Atlanta. We will have a superstar later in Atlanta from SunTrust, who is one of the most accomplished bankers in the country today and she is extraordinarily plugged in. We won't miss a beat in Atlanta. Our commitment will be increased in terms of our community support, our commitment in terms of marketing and execution will be increased. We would expect our execution of business attraction in Atlanta to be greater going forward then has been in the past and keep in mind that you know our commitment was and is that we will have domiciled our headquarters for capital markets, investment banking, wealth management and Atlanta. Likewise in Winston-Salem, our Retail Community Bank will be headquartered in Winston-Salem Triad area. And so, neither market loses. It's just that we happen to be blessed by having three fantastic markets that are now, they're kind of the foundational anchor geographical locations are Truist. So don't think about it as Truist being anchored to Charlotte, think about the Truist being anchor two to three. And we still have a toehold end markets that we generated from in Wilson, North Carolina and Orlando. So we are a community bank. We don't think in terms of one market driving everything. We think of it being a coalition of a group of community banks coming together under the advantages of holding company. So, nobody loses, everybody wins.
