Kelly King: Thanks Daryl. So, if you'll take a look at Page 19 just to summarize. Just a lot of really, really good accomplishments so far. Once we closed the deal, we've integrated a financial reporting system. We've integrated and converted derivatives Workday a number of other systems. We have successfully retained our talent and our clients. So, any concern about any mass exits on that is not warranted. We've restructured the balance sheet. We've launched our visual imagery colors and logo. We've introduced our culture of purpose mission and values. And I'm happy to say we've added some key leadership in certain areas particularly in the digital space. So, kind of, what's coming up in a big picture perspective is that we are now working hard on completing product mapping which allows us then to go into the development. We will be continuing to complete another 28 town halls. We'll be doing about 12 next week. So, that continues on. We will continue to focus on deepening our relationship with our clients. We will complete the branch divestitures in a few months. We will complete the purchase of our new Truist and our headquarters here in Charlotte. I just mentioned that because that's a pretty big deal in this market and for our people. Our people are really excited about being in a 47-story iconic building that shows well in Charlotte. We'll be introducing and marketing our Truist brand and we'll continue investments in digital and technology. And then we'll phase into the conversion of the primary systems. So, overall, it was a very strong quarter. As we've said a year ago, we have two great companies coming together to create a very special company. We are in great markets, we have great economics, we have a very strong culture. Everyone is excited about our purpose. We have the opportunity to make the world a better place. You got to love Truist. So, I'll turn it back over to Rich.
Kelly King: So, Matt, the -- clearly the biggest is the overall deposit conversion, because that's what drives the interaction with the clients. Loan conversion is a big deal, obviously. I would say those are the two larger ones. There are -- we have about 3,000 programs that have to be dealt with 100 ecosystem, so there's a lot of them. But it's like any other bank; the primary is loans and deposits.
Kelly King: Timing. So we will be primarily shooting for about August of 2021. That may seem like a long time, but we're committed to doing it right. Much work is already underway in terms of ecosystem selection that's virtually all done. We are moving into programming now. The programming takes several months. Then you have a huge amount of time of tests. But you can do it sooner and we could beat that a little bit. But the key is to take plenty of time for testing, because you only know through testing if you've done it right. And you don't want to put it out there and then go back and have to change it. So if I had to give you a specific date now, I'd give you like August of 2021.
Kelly King: So, John, it was not really a surprise, but it is a difference. We were very committed to picking the best of the systems. And so we went system by system to look at the best. And we picked a number of SunTrust systems, which are really, really good as surviving Truist systems. So it's a little technical. But if you took all of the BB&T systems, you can convert this much faster. You just move all of the data from SunTrust over to BB&T systems -- programs. But when you pick the SunTrust system and you put it on the BB&T equipment, you have equipment changes and you have the programming to move that SunTrust program over to the BB&T systems. That's really what's driving the time a bit longer than we thought. But it's also a conservative estimate with regard to testing because we are committed to do an awful lot of testing. And then remember when we first talked about our timing, we did not anticipate the branch delay, which you alluded to that, but that is a year of delayed savings. It was the right thing to do in conjunction with approval of the process. We feel good about it. We will be doing closings during the course of the year in non-overlapping markets. We will be doing a lot of work through our retail channel in terms of preparing for the closings. But that's a pretty material change in terms of the timing of the cost saves.
Kelly King: So we will -- we are expecting positive operating leverage really for the next three years. So that's a really, really good story. There are a lot of savings that we will get. Remember again, the overlapping branches closings are deferred. There are a number of branch closings that are not in overlapping areas that are going to be closed in the near term. In addition to that just because we don't close certain branches and overlapping, doesn't mean we don't reduce expenses in those areas. Some of these branches are literally side by side. And there are commonalities in terms of staffing that we can integrate even though they are two separate branches. And so there will be cost saves in the branches even before the branches actually are closed. So there are a lot of areas -- to be honest there's still a lot of backroom areas that are not related to the branches that we have overlapping staffing. We didn't deal with all of that day one. As time goes on, we will have additional overlapping redundancy in staffing that we will be reducing. So it's kind of a hodgepodge to be honest. But it's pretty clear to see what we've laid out. We think with this modification in terms of the expected timeframe with regard to saves, we feel very, very confident we'll be able to accomplish that.
Kelly King: Honestly, everything is going really well and I don't have any area that I'd say is not going as well as expected. There are a lot of areas that are going much better. To be honest, the integration of our people and our teams whether it's corporate and institutional group, or our community bank all of those are integrating extraordinarily well. So personally, I've seen some real upside in terms of revenue momentum particularly because of how well our teams are working together. I've had the chance to visit Bill has had the chance to visit with a lot of our teams in the last 90 days especially. And again, you walk into the room you would not be able to detect that this is two companies just having come together. You think they've all been working together for a long time.
Kelly King: So Erika, we feel -- and Bill alluded to this, we feel very, very good about the revenue synergies. I mean really you got to remind yourself of how synergistic this combination is. SunTrust had a fantastic corporate institutional group program of fantastic wealth management strategies, a fantastic national consumer finance business, all of which are complementary can be leveraged over BB&T client base. Likewise, you alluded to the insurance opportunity from BB&T side and the BB&T Community Bank has a broader reach than the SunTrust Community Bank reach has. So they will be able to expand some of the programs that the BB&T Community Bank had into SunTrust Bank. So all of that, which of course not factored into our numbers is net very positive and accretive. We can't give you numbers on that today because, it's hard to really give you meaningfully accurate numbers. But intuitively from talking to our people, we know that all of those businesses are very synergistic, have huge opportunity. And the early response from our people in terms of executing on that is outstanding. Now insurance you talked about is real and very easy to kind of talk about. So, I'll just ask Chris to talk about that a minute.
Kelly King: Yeah. And so remember that -- so remember we've said very clearly that over the term assuming things settle down there's a capital opportunity with regard to Truist. We've also said very clearly that during the first phase of our new Truist life, it's really smart to be conservative. I mean we have a lot of moving parts that need to settle down. We had a lot of existential factors out in the world, but we know about that right now with what's breaking from a medical point of view. So there's just a lot of sound reason in terms of being conservative. Now as that -- those uncertainties settle down to your point in terms of the capital level we have, in terms of the capital accretion that will occur predictably over the next several quarters there certainly could be opportunity of some capital buybacks. I wouldn't be surprised at all if that were to happen.
Kelly King: The big one of those is the development of our innovation and technology et cetera. That has got a lot of excitement a lot of focus and a pretty immediate investment in. So that will be a big development during this year. I'll add on there commercial onboarding. I mean it's a list of dozens of things that we're seeing that are – we've got the capacity to do them. They're not opportunistic. They're really client-friendly client-focused. And we're calling it out because these are strategic investments that we think making now are going to really have an incredibly good long-term payback. And deferring them for the point of meeting some quarter just doesn't make a lot of sense. So that's the reason to put them in there and call them out.
Kelly King: Yeah. Stephen, as you know, we didn't factor in, intentionally any of the revenue opportunities in this. What you're seeing now is the work down in the worst case in terms of expense delay with no factored in our revenue opportunities. But as you just heard Chris and Bill said, the revenue opportunities in Commercial Banking and private banking and insurance, across the board are really very, very substantial. And it's not something that we're talking like two years to get underway. It's underway, as we speak. So, it's a very conservative view to factor in the expense delay without factoring in the revenue enhancements. But, that's our nature. We try to be conservative, so we'd rather beat than miss. And so, that's kind of the way we've tried to factor it together.
Kelly King: Yeah. Chris, we've been working on that from day one, in terms of special compensation arrangements for key players. And developing a very aggressive ongoing compensation program for all of our people, whether in sales jobs or in revenue jobs. I mean for example, we did a $1,500 bonus for like 48,000 of our teammates that we just paid out in the last few months. Just as a thank you for their hard work. And so, yes we've done a lot of particular activities to try to focus on that. And so that's one of the reasons we feel very, very confident in terms of our low attrition. And in fact what we're seeing is low attrition. So everybody feels good. We've done all the right things. And we will remain aggressive in terms of taking care of our teammates, because ultimately mergers work well or not is based on the teammates. And again, all of our teammates today feel very, very good, very, very excited, very confident and again, I'll say, again the attrition is very, very low. So we feel very good.
Daryl Bible: Yes Gerard. So, we basically adopted FASB's guidance on how CECL operate. Our auditors PwC feels very comfortable with what we booked on 1/1 of 2020. In essence, if you back out the purchase accounting it's a 40% increase of the two banks combined. We were both around 105 or 106 allowance. We're up to about 147. If you add in reserve for unfunded it's about 161. But that's what the guidance basically told us to do and that's why we booked that. I do agree though there is a double dip in there. I mean that is definitely positive because we have purchase accounting marks of $4.5 billion on the SunTrust loan portfolio. And now we have a reserve 147 on the loan book as well.
Daryl Bible: Thank you for the question, Saul. So first, I would tell you that the $4.5 billion that was booked that we're showing from December 6 that we remarked about 60% of it is credit-related 1.8%. It came down a little bit. But it's really closely aligned to -- I mean our CECL with reserve for unfunded was in the 160s, low 160s. So it's just a little bit more than that obviously, due for a little bit different methodologies but it's very consistent from that impact. The other part the other 40% is mainly attributable to liquidity and interest rate risk. We did put in one of the slides that the commercial portfolio probably has an average life of around three years consumer around 6. I would say it's going to ebb and flow of how contractual payments come through as well as prepayments. You will definitely see a downward trajectory on the purchase accounting accretion that's coming through. But at the same time what you're going to see is our cost savings our net cost savings really kick in and over that same time period. And you would actually still see improvement on a consistent basis on our operating leverage number just because of the calculation of how efficiency works with expenses over revenue. For every dollar we save it's worth $2 of revenue that's lost. So we still feel very good about the projections that we gained from that perspective.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean, if you really look at the balance sheet restructuring, we didn't shrink that much. I mean, the mark was $4.5 billion. So the loans didn't sell. We just basically wrote down the loans. We did sell mortgages. Mortgages, if you look at it over the last couple quarters, is down about $10 billion. But pretty much everything else is consistent. The big reason why NII is down -- if you go back a year ago and you look at, like, what we were projecting, our models and all of our peers models had interest rates still rising at the start of 2019. And if -- we actually went back and did a little homework. We looked at what estimates were back then and we compared them to what estimates are right now. And across the board, the peer average is down 20 to 25 basis points. And that's just because of the lower rate environment and the flatter curve that you're seeing.
Daryl Bible: You had margins in the second half of 2019 really start to hit as the rate cuts came in. They occurred in July and you had three drops. So you really aren't seeing the full impact. The last drop was in December. So you aren't getting to see full impact until you get to the first quarter. So you have to look at that trajectory that we've seen over the last six months.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, Matt, what I would say is, I mean, the trajectory of loans coming off the books, mainly mortgages, was down third, fourth quarter. And we've bottomed out. Most of the trades have settled down. Just a little bit left to go this quarter. But when you look at point-to-point, when we presented to our Board earlier this week, our operating plan on a go-forward basis, we're looking to be a little bit better than growth in GDP. So I would say in the 2% to 3% range point-to-point in loans over the next year and favored a little bit heavier in commercial versus retail. But I think we have as Kelly said momentum that we finished with the year fourth quarter. And the teams are working really well together and feel very positive that we're going to grow and generate revenue as we move forward in 2020.
Daryl Bible: We basically said when we announced the merger, we're going to run at a 10% CET1 ratio until we got through some of the integrations and took some of the risk off the table. So we are starting off targeting 10%. When we do our CCAR ask -- our CCAR ask that will be coming up in the next couple of months, we will build in capacity such that if we decide to change that and decide to target something less than that after we have some success we'll have the ability to do that. But right now, we're sticking to 10%.
Daryl Bible: Mike, if you look on page 13 on the non-interest expense space that we have the first five categories that you have there personnel all the way down to equipment expense, I would expect those expense items to decrease over the next three years. This year personnel will drop. We did went through our first RIF more in the management level, when we closed the transaction. Our sourcing group is working aggressively with our third-party vendor supplier. So we will get savings in those areas. And while we got a lot of branches to-date won't close this year we're working very aggressively in all the major markets in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast to really focus and consolidate our buildings in all the metropolitan areas and that should come online middle to end of 2020. So we feel very good that we're going to get the cost savings in 2020 and in the next three years.
Daryl Bible: We believe we're going to have operating – positive operating leverage every year, can't promise it every quarter because of the seasonality. But every year, we will generate positive operating leverage from 2019 to 2020, 2020 to 2021 and 2021 to 2022.
Daryl Bible: So, I'll start and Clarke can jump in. But in essence, our provision estimate is assuming charge-offs. And then all of our assumptions within CECL as you heard from all of our peers, the models are more complex now. So, you have to look at the market environment, client behavior. There's a lot more variables that you have here. We're assuming all that is static. We're assuming we're going to grow the portfolio. And our assumption is, is that mix stays the same. Obviously all that is not going to be static like that, but that's what's built into the assumption.
Daryl Bible: Erika yes, I would just tell you. It's hard to call it on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We're trying to give you target estimates of what we would be at the end of each year. That's probably what I would just stay with right now. We're only eight weeks into the merger. We'll have more clarity. We'll close the first full month's books next week. So give us another quarter or two and we'll have more certainty down the road. But I think we gave you good enough estimates and feel very confident we're going to get the cost saves.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So the nuance, I mentioned this earlier. I'm glad you called this out. So out of the $4.5 billion now that we've adopted CECL, about $200 million of it is going to go into the reserve. It's part of CECL so it's in there now. So it's in essence having $4.3 billion will accrete in as principal and cash flows come in from assets and then the liabilities that you have over those terms.
Daryl Bible: So Brian, yeah, we did give guidance that this next quarter because of the MSR change in RWA and then the CECL adoption, our first quarter ending CET1 ratio will probably be relatively flat to what we have right now in the 9.4% range. After that I agree with you, we'll start to build pretty quickly as we generate and accrete through the earnings power there. It's really a call on Kelly and Bill's part and the board part on when we start buyback. Right now we're just sticking with the 10%.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, Brian, so if you remember at that I went through in detail the difference between what a normal merger and restructuring charges versus this incremental operating. The main primary difference is our definition of merger and restructuring basically has no future benefit. It's due just to the transaction. Because of the size of this transaction and the magnitude there are a lot of things that we are doing at putting things together that will have some benefit. So like -- in Scott's area where we're putting the systems together already working on an integration in the ecosystems. The design around putting those ecosystems together while it has a future benefit we're doing lots of that hundreds of millions of dollars of people working on the architecture that we're putting those and calling those out. For the most part, we have schedules in our tables that break out. We're going to pull those numbers out. But for the most part, it's in personnel and professional -- are where most of those charges exist. As far as the breakdown goes at a high level estimate I would say about one-third of it might be related to the MOE and the operating. The rest would probably be merchs if you could ballpark on it. But it's going to be fluid. It's going to move back and forth.
Daryl Bible: Our estimates right now we are plus or minus 10% towards the end of the year. It all depends on how fast the balance sheet grows and how the accretion comes in. So there's a lot of variables there. But we're in the neighborhood of 10%.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean we gave you the terms of trying to how you would amortize it in. It does fade away over the several year process. So I think you're having the right mindset of how to model it. Just know that as you model and you factor in the cost saves you will see that you still drive positive operating leverage.
Daryl Bible: I'll give a couple. So our executive leadership team approved about more than doubling our digital teams that are out work now and they're assigned to all the different business units working to make our improvements and enhancements for our client experience. So that would be one. In personnel there are some key hires that we're putting out into the marketplace and more teams that have some skill sets that we don't have that we're trying to get more of be starting to see some branding in Dante's world, marketing going back and forth. So I don't know if anybody else wants to...
Daryl Bible: And I wouldn't expect the investment to stop at $200 million. I mean our gross saves is well north of $1.6 billion.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Lana we have a couple preferreds that are semi-annual rather than quarterly. That's the nuance that you have to factor in now when you look at the Truist dividend payout schedule.
Daryl Bible: You remember though in the BB&T world, we retired one preferred and then we reissued another preferred. I think the timing of all that basically had a favorable impact in the fourth quarter. It should level out as we get into 2020 from a schedule. But if you want to talk about this offline, I'm sure myself or Rich or Aaron can handle that question for you.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we gave you – if you make all the adjustments baseline for 2019 is $12.8 billion. We are saying that our net cost savings for the fourth quarter of 2020 would be down $120 million, which is annualized $480 million run rate number, which is 30% and then we'll continue to build year-after-year on that.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. Stephen, I would say for the most part we're pretty much over with from a balance sheet restructuring perspective. Everything will settle that we wanted to move off this quarter. And move forward from that perspective. We still have our divestiture that's planned later in the year probably second quarter. So that will come out of run rate when that occurs. But I think for the most part, we have pretty much everything done.
