Alan W. Greer: Thank you, Lisa. And good morning, everyone, and thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the fourth quarter, as well as provide some thoughts for 2014. We also have other members of our executive management team with us to participate in the Q&A session: Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Ricky Brown, the President of Community Banking; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. I refer you to the forward-looking statement warnings in our presentation and our SEC filings. Our presentation include certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now I will turn it over to our CEO, Kelly King.
Alan W. Greer: Thank you, Kelly. Now we will move to the Q&A session. In a moment, I will ask Lisa to come back on the line and explain how you may participate in that process. [Operator Instructions] With that, Lisa, I'd ask you to come back on and explain how people can participate in the Q&A process.
Alan W. Greer: Thank you, Lisa, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We hope you have a good day. This concludes our call.
Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. So I hope you can see why we feel like it was a strong fourth quarter and feel positive as we go forward: revenue up, expenses down, credit was great, better economic forecast, excellent momentum in loan growth and expense reduction. So we are very optimistic as we head into 2014. And now, Alan, I'll turn it over to you.
Kelly S. King: Yes. Michael, I think we have, fortunately, a number of areas that we're very bullish about. Certainly, we're continuing to build out and get a reasonable penetration in Florida and Alabama and Atlanta area. But Texas is, specifically, kind of a unique opportunity for us. We opened 30 commercial de novo operations there this year. We just added 21 from the Citi acquisition. So we have a total of 80 locations there now, and the momentum is absolutely fantastic. Our value proposition is playing extremely well in Texas. Texas is growing rapidly, as you know. So I'm not hanging everything on Texas, but it's a really big opportunity for us. But we have a large range of other loan initiatives that will supercede all of these. So overall, it looks very positive.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So I think, John, it will continue to build. Part of that, like in the second, would be because of the seasonality and -- factors. But also, if our projection is right, which we could be wrong, if our production is right that the economy improves, then that will have a number of positive impacts. For example, companies start investing, they'll start drawing down on their lines, utilizing them more. We'll have new opportunities. We'll continue to execute on our wealth strategy, our corporate banking strategies, et cetera. And so I think you could see a meaningful increase in our loan growth as we head through the year. We certainly are not talking about 8% or 10% kind of loan growth, but I wouldn't be a bit surprised if we ended up at year-end in the 5% kind of range. So I'm not trying to signal that I think the market is getting ready to boom and take off. I don't think that's realistic. But it is getting better, and our strategies are really coming into execution phase and it's going to make a meaningful difference for us.
Kelly S. King: Keith, I think that you will likely see a number of more opportunities like that as some of the larger companies, domestic and internationally, kind of tweak or substantially modify their strategies around capital requirements and liquidity requirements and other regulatory issues. So I personally expect you will see a fair amount of that nationally as we go forward. We're certainly going to look at any that makes sense. The Citi type of acquisition is kind of ideal in this environment because you get assets, liabilities and really good employees in really good markets. So yes, I would expect more of that as we go forward.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So Ken, I think things are settling down with regard to -- certainly, with regard to us in the whole CCAR area. Obviously, '13 was a year of regrouping and reinvesting. So I view that as kind of stabilizing as we go forward. Certainly, we are being conservative with regard to our capital position. As we see the rules settle down, as we see the CCAR process stabilize, it certainly does put us in a position of strength that allows for, looking forward, being able to take advantage of some of these opportunities that do come along. We've always said we want to have capital for organic growth first and dividends and -- but also, then, take advantage of opportunities like the Citi deal that kind of came along or the Crump Insurance deal last year. And so we want to remain relatively conservative and keep some powder dry so that we'll be in a position to take advantage of those.
Kelly S. King: And Erika, I would just add, if you kind of look at '13 and '14 for our company, they really are 2 of the toughest years that we've had because of the decline in the Colonial income, because of buildup in expenses during '13 with regard to some of the process and project improvements, et cetera. But really, as we move through '14 and the Colonial drag dissipates as the loan growth strategies become better executed as the economy gets better. I don't want to predict -- '15 is too far out. But I'll be honest, yes, I feel pretty doggone good about it.
Kelly S. King: So Kevin, you're right. All of these factors kind of move around, and you have to kind of adjust your thinking as you go. But as I sit here today, you're right, the dividend posture has to be relatively conservative in terms of increases, but we're already aggressive overall and have been throughout the whole crisis. Our long-term view is the buybacks are kind of our last priority in terms of utilization of capital, as we've described consistently. When you do not have M&A activity and other factors change, it can cause that to rise. And what I've said previously is that, given the current environment, that would cause buybacks to tend to rise somewhat. On the other hand, if we think specifically about '14, as I've said, I do think it's wise, right now, to keep some powder dry in terms of potential opportunities. Whether it's whole bank deals or partial bank deals, we think there will be opportunities there. And then, frankly, coming off of '13 CCAR, we want to be very conservative this year with regard to all of that. And so as I've said, I think you can expect us to have a very conservative ask [ph] as we think about CCAR for '14. Now the likely result of that would be material buildup in capital based on good solid earnings, which positions us as we go through the year and especially as we look to '15 to have more powder dry for acquisition opportunities and/or a more aggressive strategy with regard to buybacks.
Kelly S. King: But Kevin, just to echo that, as you've heard some others say, we are not going to be QM-constrained in terms of meeting the needs of our clients. And we're, arguably, as Clark said, primarily QM, but that -- the QM really, frankly, allows you to meet most of the needs of your clients. And so there will be some unusual needs from some wealth clients and small business clients and people like that, and we'll be very supportive in terms of making non-QMs and holding them on the balance sheet. So it's really -- as it turns out, we don't think it's going to get in the way of production and meeting our clients' needs. And I will tell you that the books are still to be written with regard to the ultimate cost of servicing loans, from a QM point of view, for us and everybody else. But the production side seems to be pretty benign in terms of any negative impact.
Kelly S. King: Brian, I would just add 1 point with regard to the stickiness. Really during '12 and '13, working through our Colonial and BankAtlantic acquisitions, we've really exited a lot of the less sticky deposits, frankly focusing on cost control. And many of them were not very -- totally client committed deposits anyway. And so while it's hard to know exactly what the betas will be and the stickiness, I would say that we jettisoned on an awful lot of the non-sticky deposits already.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So Nancy, again, I am more optimistic, and I've described earlier kind of the macro views as to why I am. Specific on the Southeast, construction has been, as you pointed out several years ago, a real drag. Obviously, it was a big factor for all of the Southeast banks. That is definitely turning. The fact is, the data is just basically, no single-family lots available and houses hadn't been built for several years. So that is turning. There's -- still, babies are being born and people want to move up in housing, so there's a growing demand for single-family element construction. Manufacturing is going to be a pretty big factor in the Southeast over the next several years. With the sea-change and energy cost of this country, with the relative dollar change and relative low cost of operation and the union situation in the Southeast, manufacturing is going to be really strong. And so if you put together a combination of construction across the board, retail and multifamily and manufacturing, I think you'll see the Southeast, over the next 2 to 3 years, substantially stronger than a lot of people think.
Kelly S. King: So the competitive structure, Nancy, is as tight as I've ever seen it and not surprisingly. I suppose we're all coming off of a difficult period, and everybody is looking for net interest income. So it's tough. It's probably a mix between -- equally between price and structure. I've been somewhat surprised and disappointed, though, how much slippage there has been on structure. The pricing I kind of understand. The structure is hard to understand, but it's been pretty broad-based on pricing and structure. And so the volumes that we're growing -- we're getting a lot of growth in our Specialized Lending businesses and in our corporate strategy, which, as you know, is a national strategy. The Community Bank, over the last 18 months, 24 months, has been relatively soft for us as the construction, lending and all that has really domiciled in our Community Bank. But that is really getting ready to change. Rick has got some aggressive strategies in terms of asset-based lending strategies, equipment financing strategies. As I said, residential and multifamily is still -- or multifamily is still strong. Residential is coming on. When you put all that together, I think you're going to see the Community Bank's contribution increase, but the corporate will remain strong. And so the percentage of Community will come up, but the absolute levels of both will be increasing.
Daryl N. Bible: When we look at that, we're actually carving out the onetime items, like the sale of the subsidiary and also the lost share impact, as well as any gains on securities. So if you take the gains on securities, in '13, we had about $50 million. We have $31 million in this gain on subsidiary. So kind of washes each other out.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. I think as you look at 2014, Betsy, we should have continued improvement each quarter in the efficiency ratio. The line items that I would say would have the most impact from a point-to-point basis in 2014 would be in personnel costs, professional costs, regulatory costs. All those will be down throughout 2014. As far as what you saw in the fourth quarter, I would tell you that some of our projects that we initiated back in the second quarter of '13 have come to completion, and they're starting to wind down. So some of those costs are coming out of our numbers in the fourth quarter. We still have some costs that are going on that will stay with our company through '14. But some of those costs will start to fall off as well. There's many projects, but I think we're starting to see positive traction of these costs as projects get completed.
Daryl N. Bible: I would say it would definitely add several pennies to our number for '14 versus '13. We had a lot of third-party help with CCAR, specifically. We have some third party helping us with some of our system convergence around some of our projects that we have today. So those are 8-digit numbers, and as those get completed, those should start to fade away.
Daryl N. Bible: So if you look at -- we still have a headwind in net interest income due to the covered portfolio. I mean, if you back out net interest income for the purchase accounting impact, actually, net interest income would be up year-over-year a couple of percent. But if you just look at it on a GAAP basis, that's down. And if you take that and match that against our fee income, essentially, revenues will be flattish for '14 versus '13. We have expense projections that should be down probably a couple of percent, 3-plus percent or so on a year-over-year basis.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. I think that's exactly right, Steve. If you look at our slides, we're going to go down in margin in the first quarter mainly due to the increased size of the investment portfolio because it's going to be on the books for the whole quarter from an average basis. But if you really look at core margin, we didn't have the sale of our consumer lending subsidiary, our -- we're basically, our core margin is relatively flat now. So I would expect core margin, after we adjust for the size of the investment portfolio, to be flat for the rest of '14. The steeper yield curve, our credit spreads that we're achieving now and our loans that we're putting on the books are definitely kicking in such that it's not having as much pressure on us, and we still have maybe just a little bit more funding costs to come down. So I think core margins, overall, can stay where they are after we adjust in the first quarter.
Daryl N. Bible: Sameer, that's a great question. We did make the decision last -- late last quarter to start portfolio in the 10- and 15-year. I think as we look out and look at the margins that we're getting on gain on sale, we're looking for other opportunities to put on the balance sheet. There is huge emphasis in jumbo, both fixed and ARMs, and we're having a lot of success in the wealth area attracting those products. So I think as you see margins on gain on sale continue to shrink, I think we will put more and more on our balance sheet.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. I believe it can, Erika. If you actually look at the covered assets, we got positive net interest income of about $120 million this quarter. This time next year, so fourth quarter of '14, it's down to about $60 million. So the headwinds are significantly less as we enter into '15. So I think depending on how strong the economy is and what type of growth, but if we're able to grow loans in the 5% to 6% range in '15, I think we will definitely have positive net interest income growth for '15.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So Kevin, if you look at mix of mortgage originations, when we shifted more towards the correspondent piece this quarter, there was about 3 quarters of production. So with that higher mix here, that kind of drove the spreads down. We did see some deterioration, however though, in retail. We -- our retail spreads are about 180 overall. But I would say the majority of it was driven by the mix change.
Daryl N. Bible: So I'll answer the balance sheet question first, and then Clark can kick in on the non-QM. As far as -- we always, traditionally, have kept ARMs on our balance sheet. We've done that historically. We made a decision late last quarter to keep the 10- and 15-year. Historically, we've also always kept our jumbo 30-year. Those tend to prepay a little bit faster. They are convex but it's not a significant portion of the mix overall. So I think 30-year conventional, we continue to sell those out into the marketplace. But the majority of what we're balance sheet-ing are 10- and 15-year and ARMs with a little bit of 30-year jumbo.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. That's a great question, Brian. On the LCR piece, you are correct, that is not final yet. We are moving in a direction to be in compliance -- well in compliance by the end of next year. In order to accomplish that, we have to continue to change the mix of our portfolio to 0 risk-weighted assets and really focus on growing our client deposits, which we will accomplish successfully in '14. But when you look at rate sensitivity, the 2 biggest drivers to our rate sensitivity are how quickly they reprice, so the beta that you talked about, and then how sticky are the deposits. From a beta perspective, we have been very conservative. We have priced in a faster beta than what's been historically standard. If you look historically, if the Fed moves 100 basis points on average, the non-maturity buckets move about 50%, give or take 5% or 10%. We're closer to the 70% to 80% beta there, so I think we're conservative there. If we don't have to move quite as fast, then we could actually show a little bit more asset sensitivity than what's in our disclosures today. The other piece, though, is how sticky are the deposits. We've had tremendous growth in our core deposits throughout the last 4 or 5 years. It is very difficult to model how sticky those deposits are. We actually put in our disclosures the sensitivity analysis, if we lose some of that core funding, how that impacts our asset sensitivity. And if you lose approximately $5 billion, I'm not saying we're going to lose, but if you lose $5 billion of core funding, it cuts our sensitivity about in half. So if you put it all together and look at the betas plus how sticky the deposits are, we are asset-sensitive. The degree of how asset-sensitive we are is really hard to really peg right now because of the factors I just mentioned. But it could be positive or it could be slight; it really depends on how sticky it is and how quickly we reprice.
Daryl N. Bible: Okay. Brian, if you look at our tables that we published, in the back section, on the Page 22, on the tables, we do a reconciliation of GAAP to our reported efficiency ratio. So you can kind of see the difference there. This past quarter, it's about 1.2% difference between our reported efficiency versus GAAP. The main drivers of it, you mentioned a couple of them, is, last year, impact of OREO, our adjustments on real estate and intangible amortization. Those are the ones that get adjusted for it, but you can kind of see a quarterly trend if you look on Page 22 from that perspective. As far as the trend of the efficiency ratio goes, it's hard to peg if it's going to be perfect line down. We definitely think the trajectory is going to be point-to-point down. How quickly each quarter is really depends on the revenue growth that we have, coupled with our expenses that are finishing up and coming off. It's a downward trajectory. It's just hard to actually say it's going to be a smooth line. It will come down, but it's not going to be very linear. It would probably be bouncing around a little bit, but the trajectory is down.
Daryl N. Bible: Our current forecast is primarily from new production. So if we did see a turn in utilization, that would actually be a big benefit for us.
Clarke R. Starnes: Keith, this is Clarke Starnes. That's a great question. So far, our growth outlook and experience has been more around new production. Utilization is still flat, so we haven't hit the point yet where companies are starting to draw down. They're still using their cash first. So our utilization rates are still in the mid- to high-30s. They have not really moved yet.
Clarke R. Starnes: Right. Great question. In the fourth quarter, we had good solid performance from our Madria [ph], which is our sort of upper-end segment retailer, as well as our MGU or managing general underwriter, as they've been allocated a little bit more capacity by the underwriting companies. When I think about '14, I think what you -- we run -- our current run rate for the year was about 4.7% same-store sales. And I think the market is probably going to edge down a bit in -- just a shade in price probably in the 3% to 4%. We've been 4% to 5% in '13, probably more like 3% to 4%. We think -- given our momentum and kind of where we are today, we think for us it's probably a 5% to 6% kind of growth opportunity. Retail is probably in the 3% to 4% range. Wholesale is probably in the 6% to 9% range. So overall, we think 5% to 6% is kind of what we look for with good outsized performance from wholesale, specifically in the MGU.
Clarke R. Starnes: Ken, this is Clarke. That's a good question. Specifically, there were 20 -- there was $27 million of reserves that transferred with the acquired loans. So that was -- net of that and the covered position, the release was $70 million versus $52 million in the third. So $70 million is kind of more comparable to what happened in the third quarter. What drove that release was continued improvement in the credit quality, big improvement in the commercial portfolio and rundown of some of the older high-risk manages. And so we continue to see improvement as we look forward, and certainly, that would impact probably the reserves at least in the near term. So hopefully, we'll continue to get a benefit from that in the provision.
Clarke R. Starnes: From a credit quality perspective, we are being very disciplined. While auto sales have driven big originations, we've avoided the temptation to extend term or lower advance rates or allow increased backing of a lot of those structural elements which we do see in the marketplace. We have not changed our underwriting so that will naturally impact our volume if others chose -- or choose to go that route. And then -- so the bigger consideration for us is if -- whether we can get an appropriate margin. And right now, we still feel that the pricing we're doing, that is still attractive for us, but we're going to stay very disciplined about that risk-and-return decision.
Clarke R. Starnes: Kevin, as far as the non-QM, right now, our forecast is that our non-QM production is fairly modest, probably about 5%. We're primarily a QM lender. But we do see some potentially attractive opportunities to do some non-QM loans in a very safe manner, primarily in our wealth segment.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes. Thank you, Gaston. We feel very good about what's been going on in Texas. As Kelly said, very good deposit growth. Loan growth has been very good. The 30-branch activity has been very good from a deposit perspective. It's caused a big ripple in activity for commercial lending, real estate lending as well, and we feel really good about the momentum that we've got in Texas. As we think about going forward, we expect that momentum to continue. We see real estate opportunities. The auto business has been very good to us. So we think that Texas can continue to be good, and the marketplace continues to be good. In terms of the 21 Citi branches, we will integrate those. They fit very nicely. They look very much like the demographics of our 30-branch expansion, so that's really good from a -- fitting into our commercial focus in Texas, that's positive. It's going to give us a lot more exposure. We're getting some good bankers that are coming along with it. That's a good thing. And then in terms of just the future, obviously, we've gone from 53rd in market share when we started to now in the top 20. We'd like to be in the top 5. There's a long way from the top 20 to the top 5 in Texas, so we're gonna have to look for opportunities. We're going to keep our eye open. But we've said we're going to be focused on strategic importance and making sure we buy something that's not too risky and also something that makes sense from an accretion perspective. So we're going to be disciplined, but we know we're going to have to do things. And those things will open up as we go forward. So Texas is still going to be a very bullish story for BB&T going forward, and I'm excited about it.
Clarke R. Starnes: I would say, if you think about where we are in Texas today, we're in the big cities: Dallas, Houston, San Antonio and Austin. And now we're picking up College Station-Bryan, a good market. That's where about 20 million of the 26.5 million people in Texas live, so we're where you want to be. Now we just got to build out that framework. So we think that where we've targeted is the right place. But as we look forward to potential acquisitions, it actually might round us out because we can find some more rural to go along with the urban to really get a more balanced sense out over time. But I feel good where we're positioned because we're where the business is today. And -- but we're going to be open to other avenues in Texas to get the growth we need.
