Richard Baytosh: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. On today's call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review results for the fourth quarter and provide some thoughts for 2019. We also have Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer to participate in the Q&A session. We will be referencing a slide presentation during the call. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Let me remind you BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 in the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now I will turn it over to Kelly.
Richard Baytosh: Thank you, Kelly. Andrea, at this time, if you would come back on the line and explain to our listeners how they can participate in the Q&A session.
Richard Baytosh: Okay. Thank you, Andrea, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any additional questions feel free to reach us to me, and we can discuss later. Thank you, and have a great day.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So the base is just excluding the merger-related charges. So -- I mean, if you look Lana in 2017 and 2018, we were basically right at $6.8 billion excluding restructuring charges. So that's really the base that we're guiding for '19.
Daryl Bible: No. We have a curve and our forecast now that basically has no Fed increases in there, and we have a pretty flat curve throughout the year. So that's what we're forecasting off of right now. If you look into 2020, you might actually have a potential drop in the curve, but right now, just dealing with '19, it's flat on the Fed and a relatively flat curve across maturities.
Daryl Bible: I would say if you look at our promotional retail CDs that we're offering, we have a 2% special in the 12-month range. And I think if we go out a little longer in term, we're in the 2.5% range. So on the marginal CD dollar probably be split between, they'll probably more go in to the shorter end of that. But overall that the CD renewal cost is significantly lower than that, but on the margin that's what's driving that incremental growth. This quarter, we did choose to fund more in euro-dollar time deposits, which is driving up the total interest-bearing deposit costs. And that's really priced off of LIBOR. It's usually like a LIBID rate. So if you look at 3 months LIBOR right now, we're at 277. So we're probably in the 260 to 265 range.
Daryl Bible: Yes. We had good loan growth even with seasonal portfolios down in the quarter with warehouse and premium finance and others. So when we started, the year-end balance is really strong.
Daryl Bible: No, Betsy. This is just part of our normal plan that we had authorization for, for CCAR 2018, and I think it was around $1.7 billion in total. Remember, we used some of that up on the acquisition of Regions in the third quarter of last year. So on Investor Day, we talked about increasing and levering up the company potentially down to 9.75 to 9.5. We're still waiting for the Fed and the NPR and comment letters, I think, are due, I think, in the next week or so and then they've to go through their process. But as that actually gets approved, we'll layer into CCAR '19 what we expect to do, and then we'll probably announce what we're going to do sometime towards the end of the second quarter or early third quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So John, it was high this quarter. 2/3 of it was severance costs related to our expanding layers initiative that we started in the fourth quarter and then the other 1/3 was in real estate. If you look at 2018, we had just under $150 million in merger and restructuring charges. My guess right now is about -- will be less in '19, $75 million to $100 million, more focused around real estate write-downs as we continue to pose more retail branches, maybe some back-office consolidations and some space. But we still have some severance charges into '19, but not as much as what we're seeing right now.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I would say it's probably weighted 60% in fees and maybe 40% in NII. It's really a function of a flatter curve that we're seeing right now, but that can ebb and flow to a little bit. We're having really good loan growth. And if we keep our margins stable, we're going to have strong NII growth. So we have to see how the year plays out. But right now, we have unbelievably strong momentum in insurance, on investment banking and brokerage and even our retail fee businesses are performing nicely and growing. So I would say fee businesses overall are showing strength and then our loan growth is strong.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Saul, it's Daryl. It is dollar for dollar offset. So it's other income and personnel cost is where you see that the entries made and they cancel out each quarter. We just saw a big move in the market as you saw in December, which caused the big change. I mean, otherwise, we would have had really strong fee revenue growth and our expense guidance would still be within the range.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we take a balanced approach to how we fund the company. We want to make sure we have good laddered maturities, and we also have any big [voyages] in any large maturities maturing at any one point. It's balanced, but we be basically, Donna, our Treasurer, and her team basically are instructed to fund the company at the lowest cost that they can within the liquidity parameters that we have. This quarter, they moved a lot of their marginal funding into euro-dollar time deposits. This quarter, we are being much more aggressive on the retail side. We have good promotions out in MMDA accounts and in retail CDs. And it's really a mixed bag as how she is the funding of the company. But her job is to manage the overall liability costs and make sure our margins stay the best that they can, but still prudently within liquidity standards that we have.
Daryl Bible: Yes. John, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is, remember, we are balanced. So about half of our loans are short and half are longer term. But while the curve is flatter the longer end of the curve the loans that are rolling over out there and our securities are still reprising up higher, and we also have our specialty businesses out there that are basically just have a high risk-adjusted yield. So we have tools in our toolkits that offset the drag you are going to see on the deposit costs. So if you don't get anymore Fed increases this year and you're still going to see deposit costs go up some in the next couple quarters, they won't have betas like they have right now, like we're in the low-40s beta with deposit costs up 12. It would probably go to mid-single digit and then dribble down as the year went on. But as long as our fixed assets are repricing up higher, we can offset that. So I'm feeling pretty good that core margin is flat to maybe up slightly. You still have the burn off of reported GAAP margin, but I feel pretty good about on the core side, we can keep that relatively flat and maybe up a little bit.
Daryl Bible: We're going to manage that ratio. We'll see what happens with the Fed NPR. Our decision to fund that little a bit on the shorter and with some wholesale funding this quarter has brought it down some and that was Donna's decision and that was the right decision to do, it saved us some money and produced the higher net interest margin for us. So she is doing all the right things and has the flexibility to continue to do that.
Daryl Bible: Well, Geoffrey, as I said at the Investor Conference, we are laser-focused on the initiatives you heard us talk about, and we're very excited about our D2T, Disrupt to Thrive, initiative. It had excellent momentum. We're making great progress. Our people are excited about it. And you see the results of it in terms of expenses management, you see the results in terms of our businesses like what Chris talked about in insurance and our relatively strong loan growth. So all other parts of our business are very much embraced in this reconceptualization process and is going very well.
Kelly King: Yes. Betsy, the C&I acceleration is really bifurcated between our Corporate Banking initiative and also our Community Bank, which is doing very, very well. We're seeing strong growth in industrials and energy, consumer discretionary and information technology. Our Main Street is very much across the board and it's not driven by CREs. I mean, the CRE is actually -- it's all -- we're being very tight in terms of underwriting. So it's good solid, what we would call, traditional C&I. And yes, the resi mortgage is about just retaining the high-quality, better yielding purchases instead we look at whether direct or through acquisition. And so what -- as I indicated earlier, what we're seeing today is that we're getting better yield relative to risk than we were seeing a couple of years ago. And so that's what's kind of what's driving resi.
Kelly King: Yes, absolutely, Betsy. Finally, I think the capital markets has figured out that there is a lot of the risk in highly leveraged financing transactions and so the right decision to gap out and companies were coming back to the bank market. And that's really good for us because I mean, for some banks, they lose it on the capital market side, but they may pick up some on the loan side. We don't lose it on the capital market side because we don't participate in that, we just pick it up when traditional financing picks up.
Kelly King: So John, it's tricky and it's hard, but what we are really intensely focused on is, this, we keep calling it, the D2T, Disrupt to Thrive, initiative. But what it really is, is a broad-based, across the company look at reconceptualizing our businesses and making sure that we are efficient. We're looking at layers of management and spans of control. And we are finding lots of ways, frankly, to be more efficient and more effective, resulting in expense savings. And so what we are doing is we're shifting a lot of that expense into new initiatives, think digital, more marketing, et cetera, and then some of them fall in to the bottom line. So it's probably like 60%, 70% being reinvested into business and 30% to 40% being -- falling to the bottom line. So -- but we could have more fall in to bottom line, but we just think now is the time to invest for the future. So that's why you are able to get revenue growth and flat expenses is because we are just -- we're doing a really good job, our people are, in terms of reconceptualizing their business. Otherwise, if you just kept doing things that they where to do -- what you did yesterday, you're right, you can see expenses go up proportionate to revenue, but it's a whole new day and a new approach at BB&T.
Kelly King: Well, I think to your point, Gerard, and when I think if rates accelerate, you'll see that trend accelerate because the marginal cost of funding a project becomes more expensive if you use all the people's money versus your own. If they remain stable, I think you'll see this factor leveling out because remember, companies will feel very, very risk with players out there particularly the baby boomers which happen to lead most of these companies. And so keeping disproportionate low level of liquidity is still a very attractive psychological concept that is driving a lot of behavior. So obviously, nobody knows, but my own personal feeling is if rates go up, it will continue; if rates stabilize it will -- that trend will stabilize as well.
Kelly King: Well, that's question we are all pondering, Gerard, and it's a really good one. If you look at -- if you really look at ROE today on an adjusted basis, it maybe higher than it was in 2006 because equity has about doubled. And so as far as I think, actually comparable ROE is very high today and -- on an adjusted basis. Still if you operate from the 11% today looking forward, what I expect is that, again, assuming no huge existential event, I think you'll gradually see ROE go up as equities become more normalized. You saw in Investor Day us beginning to move towards a more normalized ROE with a target of 9.50 to 9.75 quarters. Obviously, that drives directly into ROE. So I think the bigger driver of ROE will be the E, but then I think as profitability gets better through all of the things we're doing in terms of making our business better, that will drive ROE. So we see consistent upward pressure on ROE and then, of course, return on tangible will kind of follow that. So we're pretty encouraged. I remember 35 years ago being on a meeting, we spent 3 days figuring out if we could ever get ROA to 1% and ROE to 15%. Back then, 8% was stronger. And so it was -- so now -- as you know, it's a big tradeoff to win ROE and ROA. So we have a very, very strong ROA today, much stronger than ever just because we're having a stronger E which drives that ROA. Over time, what I'd like to see is ROE come up better with the deleveraging -- I mean, with stronger deleveraging and ROA come down some.
Kelly King: I'll my give you my reactions. This is Kelly. I think on the upside, there is some upside on the loan area, but our numbers look relatively strong versus the industry. But if certainly -- if the economy accelerates from what we're projecting, that's an upside, which would translate into higher upside on revenue -- on revenue side. I think credit quality is so low, there's not much chance of it getting better, but I don't think there's much chance to getting lower unless the economy goes into crisis. So it's kind of stable. Tax rate is kind of stable. Expenses are already very good at flat. So I'd call it upside potential in the loan and revenue side.
Kelly King: Yes. Certainly, if we have the kind of production that we had in the last few months, the kind of -- which resulted in a very strong AOP. If payoff remain low, which they have been, which is a nice change. If utilizations continue to increase, which will be driven by the capital markets and other things we talked about, yes, there is definitely some upside there. And the big wild card is just what happens to sentiment out there in terms of the economy. And right now, as I indicated, optimism sentiment is still strong, but there is a lot of chatter out there around the government shutdown and all of that and that drives people's thinking, although in long-term I don't think it influences much decision, but it doesn't in short-term. So if that upsides and that will call people to be more optimistic and more bullish and result in more upside regarding loan growth. If on the other hand, if we were to accelerate you could talk people into being scared, and that would decelerate. So it's a bit hard to predict right now because of these external factors. But a most likely scenario is what we said, 3% to 4% which is very strong and -- for the year and with certainly some reasonable initiative to look to the high side of that.
Kelly King: Well, I think you're seeing some of the capital market risk move back onto some bank's balance sheets not moving bank on ours. And so yes, you did see more of a fluidity between some banks in terms of the way to think about capital markets, credit exposure and their own balance sheet credit exposure. We see them very, very differently. And so our growth is driven by a more Main Street type of financing not capital markets movement back and forth. But that's an insightful question is true to some aggregate levels not true for BB&T.
Kelly King: Yes. You're exactly right. The FDIC in the state lifted consent orders some time ago, but the Fed's reigns outstanding. The -- it's all the same activity, it's all about building out a robust BSA/AML program, which we have done. We had a remaining project, automation project that was scheduled to be completed by the end of the year, which was completed. So literally all of the work that needed to be done from any of the regulators has been done. We're just in a little period now where the final validations by the Fed are still in motion. I would expect, frankly, that Fed's order to be lifted in the relatively near term. Obviously, I can't control that. But there is no reason for it to be any protracted period of time because all the feedback that we have is that we have done everything that we have been asked to do and that has been totally validated by all of our internal people and some external validations through consultants. And so we have no reason to expect that the final validations by the Fed would result in any different than our internal people and our outside consultants validations.
