Brad Milsaps: Thank you, Betsy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. With us today are our Chairman and CEO, Bill Rogers; our CFO, Mike Maguire; our Vice-Chair and Chief Risk Officer, Clarke Starnes, as well as other members of Truist's senior management team. During this morning's call, they will discuss Truist's second quarter results, share their perspectives on current business conditions, and provide an updated outlook for 2024. The accompanying presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist Investor Relations website, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on Slides 2 and 3 of the presentation regarding these statements and measures, as well as the appendix for appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. With that, I will now turn it over to Bill.
Brad Milsaps: Thank you, Bill. Betsy, at this time, will you please explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session. As you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary question and one follow-up in order that we may accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Brad Milsaps: Okay. Thank you. That completes our earnings call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest in Truist, and we hope you have a great day. Betsy, you now may disconnect the call.
Mike Maguire: Hey, good morning, Ryan. We mentioned in our comments that we do expect the NII to improve next quarter by 2% to 3%, really, the bulk of that is driven by just the full quarter impact of the repositioning that we completed back in May. We continue to expect there to be some pressure on client deposit balances as well as loan balances, so maybe a touch conservative there. We did have some nice, just to say it, just some nice outperformance in the second quarter on client deposit balances, which really helped stabilize that core NII ex the bonds. But that's really sort of the story for Q2. And I think Q4, just looking out a little further, if you think about kind of rest of year trajectory, kind of more of the same, right? I mean, we mentioned we've got a November cut in. We think that helps a touch, but that is the first cut and it's pretty late. So we've got pretty modest expectations around the impact there. And I think for us, really what will stimulate some improvement on the NII side will just be some of the core balances. So getting client loan demand increased, getting -- which hopefully will generate balances as well, and I'll just mention this, I mean we're very focused around the company, pick your segment or [LOB] (ph), everybody in the company is very focused on realizing that growth opportunity once it presents itself. It's just -- and you've heard this from I think others this week and last week, there just has really not been a lot of client activity.
Mike Maguire: Hey, Ken, it's Mike. Maybe take a swing at that one. No, you're right. I mean, look, we think we do see growth in the third quarter on the expense side, I think that's still on a like basis, close to flat, maybe even a touch better, and I think that implies, if you think about flat, maybe a touch of growth in the fourth as well. Look, I mean, the first half of the year, we were very focused on cost discipline and frankly following through on our commitment around flat. That's still important to us. But as we've sort of gotten to the midway mark, it's -- there have been certain projects, whether it be some marketing spend sort of you name it, nits and nats that perhaps were delayed and that drove some of the beat maybe even this quarter and even in last quarter, and so some of that stuff just makes a ton of sense. And as we really shift our mindset, and you heard Bill talk a little bit about it in his prepared remarks around some of the hiring we're doing in middle-market lending as an example, around our Payments business, some calibrating of marketing spend, et cetera, these are all factors that are driving our outlook for the second half, and so, look, we feel -- and we've said this is really since last fall, we are very, very confident and committed to being sort of 0.0 or better on expenses this year.
Mike Maguire: Yes, good morning, Scott. Yes, so we do have the one cut in November. If we got one earlier, call it, I think the curve today has a September cut and maybe December and maybe even a touch more than that, that would be a help for us. We -- look, we -- our baseline path does show benefit from down rates. I think the question and I brought it up in sort of my earlier question, I think that Ryan asked, that first cut given how high we are and how late we expected, we're just trying to be reasonable and thinking about the benefit we'll get there. But I think you're right, I think if we got one earlier and then maybe perhaps a second, that would be a good guy. I will say this, I think just given where we are in terms of how high we are and how long we've been here and some of the client behavior that we're able to observe, I think the more impactful catalyst will be, again, getting some of that loan demand and balanced growth and client deposit growth as well. So would take it all.
Mike Maguire: Yes, Erika, I appreciate the question. I mean -- look, I think there was a beat on balances in the second quarter, especially if you look at it on an average basis, and so our rate paid was a touch better than we thought, and so you're right, starting position better than where we sort of would have expected to be in April. I think the pressures that we expected in the second quarter, we still believe will persist in the third, especially in terms of balances and rate paid. Another piece of this is that while we did get some benefit on our net interest margin from the bonds like recouponing, some of the benefit as well is just on a smaller balance sheet. So we did -- for example, we paid down some wholesale liabilities late in the second that will come through in the third on an average basis. So you'll see more net interest margin improvement, but it will be on a more efficient smaller balance sheet. On rates, I don't want to call the ball on conservative -- non-conservative, I think we're cautious on what benefit we'll get on the first cut or two. We've thought about it a lot, done a lot of work and analysis. You look at sort of historically, over the last, call it, 30 years, the down cycles and the betas have been slow, right? So I think that's in our thinking too for the rest of the year. And look, I've said this a couple of times. I think for us, the thing -- we're like feel fine about the guidance we gave, I think what would really be upside for us would be a little bit of pull-through on more client activity and the ability to generate more loan volume and with that will come deposits. You get that and maybe you get Scott's extra cut in early and that feels good. I mean the hurts are obviously the cut we've got, no cuts perhaps, maybe that's not such a bad guy, and then just the pressure that we've been seeing on balances, both deposits and loans.
Mike Maguire: Yes, Betsy, I think that's roughed out, you could see us sort of sliding sideways for a while for the reasons you mentioned, you're right. I mean you take the $500 million buyback and, call it, $700 million or so dividend, you're approximately at -- this is rough earnings, right? And I think you're right, we don't expect significant ROA improvement or decline over the period. I'll just say this, I mean -- and you mentioned sort of CET1 target, Bill referred to it as well, I think a couple of things just to think about there. One, we like operating with a higher level of capital in today's world, one. It affords us the right, we think strength and resiliency and ability to sort of react to the world. Importantly, we've got a growth agenda. We're focused on prosecuting that's company-wide. You feel that with any -- especially frontline, but really across the whole company, and then Bill mentioned sort of the capability to return capital and that can come in various forms. But yes, I think modeling us somewhat flat short-term. But again, we -- our expectation is that we'll begin to grow RWAs next year and so that's how we're thinking about it.
Mike Maguire: Yes, John, I think you asked just about the trajectory for the second half for fees, I think some -- you don't know to -- put some puts and takes, our outlook is relatively stable really for the second half, so call it, stable, stable.
Mike Maguire: Hey, Matt, thanks for the question. Maybe just taking loans first. We were hopeful we'll see some relief. We were down a little less than 1% this quarter average. In the third quarter, I think, again, base case, probably expected to be down, maybe not quite as much. We'd love to see that be different, but that's sort of what we're thinking about. And then hopefully kind of stable from there. Same on deposits -- or actually deposits a little lower perhaps in the third. We mentioned that we felt like we had some outperformance in the second quarter. We did late in the quarter, just like a lot of others, some of the just sort of seasonality and tax payments. We saw balances a little lower at the end of the quarter. That's not unusual. So we probably expect a little bit of pressure in the third quarter as well, but again, even that stabilizing in the fourth. So think down a touch in the third for both and then hopefully stable in the fourth-ish.
William Rogers: Yes, let me -- I'll start with the second part of that first and the answer to that is yes. But it has to have growth. We've got to sort of see that coming. Clients are on the sidelines, I mean, we can feel that in our conversations. Our conversations are increasingly a lot more strategic. So I feel like we actually even know more about what our clients are thinking, but they're a bit on the sidelines. Our production was up, so we saw production being up. It was really probably best in consumer, where it was up a little more significantly. Utilization is just absolutely flat but paydowns were also up. So in our clients that aren't towards the larger side, they were accessing the capital markets, and the good news is, I mean, you see that in our investment banking, particularly in our DCM results, I mean we're -- our capture rate on that is really, really high, so we sort of see the other part of that. Despite the pipelines being up, production being up, I just want to be careful, Ryan, about sort of like putting a stake in the ground and saying, okay, it's going to return on ex. I mean, take this weekend, I mean there's a lot of uncertainty out there in the world and in the market. So while clients have capacity, we're coiled spring, ready to go, positioned better than anybody. I think we just want to be realistic about when and if that -- well, not if, but when that's going to come back and when it's going to come back with some strength. And when it does, I think to your latter part of your question, we're in the best markets and I think we should disproportionately grow faster.
William Rogers: Yes, Ken, great question. And obviously, something that's important and we're going to be calibrating, priority one, two, and three is growing our business. I mean, we think we've got a great franchise, a great market. We're really well-positioned. We've invested in talent, we've invested in capabilities, so I think we've got the capacity and the capability to grow in our core business. So that is absolutely going to be the primary focus. We raised capital in the most efficient way possible. You just couldn't have raised it more efficiently than how we raised capital and we want to make sure that we deploy that also in the most efficient way possible long-term, long-term benefit for our shareholders. So I think we've put together a compelling return perspective with what Mike outlined. We're going to do about $500 million a quarter for the next couple of quarters, I would presume we'd enter next year in sort of the same kind of -- same kind of pace, but remember, that's also on top of we've got a really strong dividend. So in terms of total dollars returned to shareholders over the next six months, I mean, we have a really compelling value proposition. So we're going to calibrate that as we go along. We don't want to over-index on one and lose this incredible capital advantage we have for growth.
William Rogers: Yes, and Ken, just to add to that, I mean, when we undertook this approach in the fall of last year, I mean, we were always really clear this was going to include investments and the timing of those sort of, as Mike pointed out, come quarter-to-quarter. And we're seeing the benefit of that. I mean, the investments we made in payments, investment made in talent, so the expense guidance was always coincident with that. I'll just say because I think it's really important, the discipline that we have in the company around both of those is significantly increased. So we sort of know that the next dollar to invest with a lot of confidence and we also have just incredibly strong discipline around the expense side and where the opportunities are. So I think we've got the right balance here. And as Mike said, wholly committed to a flat or better expense proposition for the remainder of this year.
William Rogers: Yes, I mean we're -- the Investment Banking business is always going to be a little quarter-to-quarter variation. In the first quarter, we had one of the highest M&A fees in our company's history, so that sort of changed -- impacted that a bit. But most importantly, we feel really good about the momentum. So if you look at sort of our relevance, I mean, we're gaining share in virtually every category, the things that we're doing in terms of active book-runner and left lead transactions in ECM, half of our fees were being from active book-runner, dramatic change from where we've been in the past, lots of left leads transactions in there and again increased market share. And most importantly, just really good relevance. So back to sort of the comment about talent and comment about adding talent and upgrading our toolkits, our commercial bankers' focus and understanding and -- of our capabilities is just increasing exponentially. So our dialogue, as I mentioned with our clients is really strong. It's all strategic dialogue versus product dialogue, which is really good. And I think for the balance of the year, I mean, I think this is the kind of momentum we ought to be able to continue investment banking, so I think we feel good about that.
William Rogers: Yes, Erika, just to correct one thing, we said some of a billion through the remainder of this year and we'll sort of start the next year, and the reason to put the authorization of up to and make it through 2026 is just to give us that kind of flexibility in terms of how we think about that. So we're going to calibrate that against our growth opportunities and where we see an ability to invest in our franchise and we're going to be disciplined about it. So -- and then as I mentioned earlier, remember, this is with a really strong dividend as well. So I think you can't talk about one without talking about the other in terms of total return to shareholders. So I think our unique capability to have a really good return to shareholders over the certainly near-term and medium-term from the dividend buyback is actually quite significant. And then you put on top of that our ability to earn and earn profitably and grow our business. So I think that's -- we're trying to look at all of this in the big mix. As it relates to ROTCE specifically, I mean the past numbers are the past numbers, we sort of have to start from the business model that we have now. Again, we're going to give a little more guidance on that with a little more specificity as we get towards the end of the year, as you mentioned. I think we'll have a little more knowledge as to sort of overall capital requirements. And while Basel may not be complete, I think we might have a better picture of where we might be and what the sort of CET1 base might be that we'd operate from and think about how to put all those mixes together as it relates to growth as well. So irrespective of the target itself, the growth to the target, I think is a really compelling proposition for Truist.
William Rogers: Yes. It's hard to do that calculation sort of perfectly and we spend a lot of time thinking about it, but if you sort of look at the overall line, this was one of our best DCM quarters in a really long time. So our capture rate is really high. It's hard to put an exact percentage on that because there are puts and takes, and would you have got it otherwise and was it related to this, that, or the other? But it's really high and it's reflected in our overall DCM growth.
William Rogers: Yes, maybe I'll start with the latter, Mike, and then I'll turn it over to you for the performance if that's okay. So the build-out of Investment Banking business has been decades plus, so this isn't sort of a new thing, and so it has been consistent. I think the way you described it is exactly right. We'll continue to build where we have relevance, where we have opportunity, and so we can be competitive and win in our markets. I think the part that gets missed though is the investment we're making around the Investment Banking business. So this is the investment that we're making with our commercial teams and our middle-market teams and expanding their knowledge and capability to talk to clients about the things that are available to them. And so think about the amount of clients in our commercial business that are now private equity-owned and our capability to be relevant in those discussions and help them along that flight path. So investment is not just in the business itself, but it's in everything that surrounds the business and in support of. We like the pace that we're growing and we think we've had a really good CAGR. If you sort of go back over time and look at the CAGR of that business, you'd sort of say that's a really good growth pattern. Importantly, we're doing it profitably, which is also important. So we have a really good efficiency of that business certainly on a on a relative basis, and we want to keep all of those in check. I mean, we don't want to grow faster than the market. We want to grow coincident with the opportunity that we have within our markets. We want to do it profitably and we want to do it sustainably. So we want to have a little less variability relative to that business. So it's tied to more of our core client capability than the vagaries of a particular market. And Mike, there was a...
William Rogers: And the upside to that is [Multiple Speakers] Yes, maybe upside is business is better. We're trying to take an approach with what we know right now.
William Rogers: Yes, Mike, you asked and answered part of your question as it relates to what will comment on and not comment on. But look, I've said very consistently actually since the day Truist was formed, is the size and complexity of our organization, we're going to invest in our risk framework. We're going to invest in a durable risk framework, so we can stay competitive, we can stay appropriate with our regulators and that's always been part of this expense profile. So I think even in today's prepared remarks, I mean, I'm always consistent with that, and I think everybody has got to stay in that mode. Post of March of last year, irrespective of anybody's ratings, there was just increased focus on creating a durable risk profile. So we're going to continue to be in that mode. I can't see that changing short-term, medium-term, or long-term. Are there peaks and valleys in that as you go up? Yes, does it increase proportionately? Absolutely. I mean, I just think that's the price of being in our business and also the importance of creating a durable sustainable risk framework for a company of our size and the company of our opportunity.
William Rogers: Yes. I mean there are efficient frontiers is the way, Mike, that I like to talk about it. They're efficient frontiers and where you are on the efficient frontier relative to that. But today, I feel like we're in a good place. So we're in a good place in terms of the investments that we need and should make relative to our company our size and our ability to return and have an efficient company relative to that. So I think we're at a good place. But that efficient frontier moves, so you always have to be flexible and think about that in the context of where it moves and we're conscious of that. So today, I feel like we're in a good place. By the way, we merged our companies because we thought we were at a different place and that that was going to be more complex and we needed to have a company of the size and scale sort of seeing -- I mean, we didn't project March of last year in fairness, but understanding that the complexity and the durability and the investments needed to create that kind of risk platform was going to be needed. So that efficient frontier, I think we're in a good place on it, but it does move.
William Rogers: Yes. I mean our sneak peek is the momentum we're creating right now. So that's the sneak peek and we want to continue to do that. Mike, you and I've talked about this. I mean, we have a strong focus on positive operating leverage. So all of our businesses have plans that are focused on positive operating leverage, that's what they try to build over time. The controllable -- more controllable factor over that is on the expense side right now, and I'm really pleased with the progress we're making. And I expect to continue to have that kind of discipline going forward. Those expenses will better reflect the revenue opportunity that we see in next year. So be assured that we've got to focus on creating that, but also be confident that we're building momentum. And I think this quarter is good evidence of that and our guidance for the rest of the year is good evidence of that.
William Rogers: Yes, thanks. I'm not going to give expense guidance for next year. Just to say, confidence that we'll be focused on positive operating leverage, confidence that we've got great expense discipline, and expenses will more parallel the revenue opportunity. So if we see the investments that we're making, better growth opportunities in our markets, we're going to take advantage of that. And if that requires a requisite -- expense increase, then we'll do that, but that will all be in the appropriate context of focus on positive operating leverage, an efficient company that has high returns.
William Rogers: Yes. I mean, all that's been factored into the discussions that we have. I mean, our ability -- this year, particularly to invest a lot in the payment side, is all predicated on the existing platforms that we have. The advent of the use of APIs have been really, really great opportunities to continue to invest. We had huge investments in our lending portfolios as part of the merger. So there's no like one big stair step sequenced investment, these are continuous investments in our platform and capabilities over time.
William Rogers: Well, the momentum we've seen in the last several quarters, the impression from our clients is that we have a really good platform. So our acquisition of clients, our performance metrics, client satisfaction scores, all the things that we look in terms of how do clients think about us is real positive and continuing.
William Rogers: Yes, sure. Rest assured that our teammates are highly focused, and there are places that we can dial more specifically and you sort of seen it. Our consumer production was up 37% over a linked-quarter, premier banking lending numbers sort of similar per branch production, those type things, so the places that we can dial in a little bit. And then on the wholesale side, it's just a lot about training, it's a lot about hiring, it's a lot about market opportunity, it's a lot about dialogue with clients, so we look at all the pitches kind of approach and we're seeing really good activity. But our teammates are on offense and they make -- let there be no confusion. I mean, our teammates are on offense. They are not in a defensive position. Trust me, the shift for them happened quite quickly. There was a -- you could hear it and feel it in terms of momentum. People are attracted to come work for our franchise for some of the same reasons as we have the capital and capability to invest in the future. So rest assured that -- your point is right, I mean, the battleship, it's hard to turn, but in terms of its direction, clear direction, clear communication, and clear focus from our teams.
