Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning, everyone, and thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. This call is being broadcast on the Internet from our website at bbt.com. We have with us today Kelly King, Daryl Bible and Clarke Starnes, who will review the results for the fourth quarter of 2011, as well as provide a look ahead. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on the BB&T website. After Kelly, Daryl and Clarke have made their remarks, we will pause to have Alicia come back on the line and explain how you may participate in the Q&A session.  Before we begin, let me remind you BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to be materially different is contained in Slide 2 of our presentation and in the company's SEC filings. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP.  I will now turn over the call to Kelly.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thank you, Kelly. Before we move to the question-and-answer segment of the conference call, I'll ask that we use the same process as we have in the past. You'll be limited to one primary and one follow-up question. If you do have further questions, please reenter the queue. And now I'll ask Alicia to come back on the line and explain how to submit your questions.
Tamera Gjesdal: Thanks, everyone. Although we have a number of folks left in the queue, we are out of time for questions today. If you have any further questions, though, please feel free to call Alan or myself in Investor Relations. Thank you, and have a great day, everyone.
Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. And as you can see, overall, it was a strong quarter for us. We continue to invest to drive revenue and loan growth. The underlying fundamentals, I think, in our loan and deposit business are exceptionally strong. We are continuing to methodically and successfully accomplish our diversification and risk mitigation strategies. We are reconceptualizing our businesses to drive our revenue and expense optimization process. And we believe we will continue to provide the best value proposition in our markets. So if you think about the economy -- the economy, as we've said, kind of a slow but positive kind of growth rate going forward, we're pretty optimistic about our performance in 2012.  I would point out that since our company started in 1872, this is our 140th birthday, and while we are very proud of our heritage, we believe that our best days are ahead.  We'd be glad now to answer your questions.
Kelly S. King: Craig, I would say we are trying to be relatively conservative. It's really hard -- to be frank, it's hard to figure out exactly where the loan market is. There's been a lot of commentary so far this season about really strong robust loan growth kind of nationally, which would imply the economy is really booming. We do not see that. We think the economy is kind of sluggish. It is moving forward, but it's kind of sluggish, methodical kind of growth. What we are seeing is, clearly, movement of market share to our company. As we've talked about in the past, we have some very unusual opportunities in the corporate banking space, in wealth strategy and our specialized lending businesses. So we think that our growth is going to be relatively strong, but it's still kind of hard to figure exactly what's happening to the economy, so we're trying to be somewhat conservative.
Kelly S. King: Todd, something else you got to keep in mind. We're kind of in a new phase with regard to delinquencies. Delinquencies are really low, I mean just absolutely. And so while you may have a little seasonal variation from quarter-to-quarter, you don't think about a small change in delinquencies today the way you might have thought about it 2 years ago because we're counting on a somewhat normal kind of phase with regard to delinquencies. We'd certainly have the same kind of correlation to OREO flows as it would have had 2 years ago.
Kelly S. King: Yes, Todd, so we're really engaged in that process now. It's going extraordinarily well. I think I mentioned before that we're using a process whereby all of our business leaders have been asked to take some time and develop a reconceptualization plan of their business, basically a clean sheet of paper approach. They've been asked to and have presented their findings to a subgroup of our executive team led by Daryl. Most of the cases, they presented great plans. In a few cases, we sent them back to do a little bit more work. But I'd say the overall results that are coming in are very pleasing and will be executed on methodically as we go through this year and into next year. We have very intentionally not named some big deal and put some big number on it, Todd, because we feel very strongly, and it's proven to be true, that for our culture, if you give our business leaders the opportunity to do their jobs, the challenge that -- it's a tough environment, we need to control our expenses and that requires a reconceptualization of the business but not nail them with a top down number, they'll come back with even better numbers, and that's exactly what's happening. So it's going extraordinarily well. We're very pleased. It will have positive impact as we think about our efficiency ratio as we go forward and that's what we're primarily focused on.
Kelly S. King: Greg, we're -- it's pretty broad-based. We talked about in the past that really about 3 years ago, we launched a kind of aggressive new direction with regard to corporate lending, looking at corporate lending from a national perspective, focusing on the vertical industry specializations that we have, focusing on relationship base, keeping it very granular. And we've been executing on that with darn near perfection. And so a fair amount of it is corporate. We are getting good growth in the commercial spaces. We are getting pretty good pickup in our small business. Now that's not dramatically material in terms of the total business, really important long term in terms of the direction. It is not what you call syndicated lending. I mean, a lot of these companies, I think, today are buying large slices of big deals. We are in deals where we're participating with other companies and so you can technically define it as syndication, but the difference for us is, a, we're keeping our granular focus very disciplined. We look at situations -- I see them all the time and it really surprises me where we might hold $35 million to $50 million in a large deal and similar-sized peers would hold substantially more. We're just not going to do that. We just think diversification is an important lesson everybody should have learned from the last recession, and we're staying focused on that. So what we do is contingent to our relationship banking where we go kick the tires, talk to their CEO, talk to their CFO, understand the business, just feet on the ground in the client's office and it's been very successful. But let me pause and see if Clarke would add any other color to that.
Kelly S. King: I'll give you part of that and Clarke can add some color. Yes, there's no question that the European banks, in general, are going back home and so you're seeing all of us participate in picking up that really, really good business. So -- and BB&T in particular is attractive for a lot of these clients, that we're counting on the foreigns for participation because, in many cases, we didn't have any involvement at all. And so we are able to step into a meaningful position and some really, really fine clients. And that's been kind of across-the-board. It's showing up in all industry segments. It's particularly showing up in energy, for example. There are a lot of packages on the street. We look at them and we'll continue to look at them. But we're pretty conservative in terms of underwriting. And so the odds of us buying a lot of big packages is pretty low, to be honest. But so where we'll benefit is from going directly to the companies where their line participation arrangement has been upset, and we'll be in there working out a direct relationship with them or with the lead bank versus buying packages directly from the European institutions.
Kelly S. King: Yes, so we're very clear about our priorities because we think it's consistent with what our shareholders look for. Remember that our focus is on a group of shareholders that are long-term stable shareholders, and we feel very strongly in our fiduciary responsibility to tell them what we're going to try to do and then do it. And so we've been very clear to them and to broad-based investor communities that we're really focused primarily on organic growth. We have invested in organic opportunities over the last long number of years in places like Florida and Maryland and Texas, and we do that on a very consistent strategic basis, so that we're constantly layering in organic growth opportunities and that's why you want to deploy capital in that way. That's obviously the most profitable way to enhance shareholder value. Secondly, we have still about 50% of our shareholders, our private individual shareholders, and they value dividends highly. And frankly, most of our institutional shareholders are good conservative, long-term holders and they value dividends very highly. And so dividends are very important. Over the long term to take a 100-year run on the stock market, dividends are a huge percentage of the total gains of clients and so dividend and the account permanence of dividends is very important. In terms of strategic opportunities, clearly, you want to be looking at how to invest capital strategically. And so we are very, what I call, aggressive in terms of looking at opportunities, but very conservative when we get down to doing the analysis. We look at a lot of stuff. We don't do much and that's because we're very conservative, we're very disciplined, we're very analytical. And so when we say we're going to focus on strategic opportunities, we're going to control asset quality and we're going to do what's economically attractive to our shareholders. It's exactly what we mean, it's exactly what we do and that's exactly what you've seen playing out in all of that stuff in the market. And so you can expect us to continue to behave in exactly the way we have said that we have and have performed in the past.
Kelly S. King: Erika, another point, and for Gerard if he's still listen, too, is when you think about the mix in our business, from historically more dependence on real estate and going forward much more dependence on in diversified and C&I portfolio, you have to think about more than just the interest rate and the charge-off rate or the net risk-adjusted yield. You have to think about the total profitability from the relationship and coming from collateral benefits. So for example, when you have a larger real estate portfolio, you can basically look at the risk-adjusted yield and that's kind of it because there are no other collateral benefits. When you look at a C&I portfolio, you think about a risk-adjusted yield plus the other profitability coming from the collateral benefits and so it's a more comprehensive analysis. So while our historical charge-off rates let's say, let's call it 40 basis point range, is lower than our expected 60 to 80, the net overall profitability will be enhanced because of the collateral benefits that are to come from that broader, more diversified portfolio.
Kelly S. King: Bob, as you well know, we're all thinking about capital in the context of the evolving new framework around Basel, et cetera. We also know -- as you also know, we have to think about it in terms of the CCAR. And so we have our own thoughts and then we have to be guided by what our partners are and from the regulatory perspective. Having said that, though, Bob, I think the industry is poised and BB&T is poised to generate substantial capital as we go forward. And if you start from the premise that we start from, which is that we are already well capitalized today, then looking forward, we would think in terms of our capital deployment hierarchy. And to be honest with you, personally, I like the notion of a special dividend. It's the kind of thing that when the time is right and the economics makes sense, it's a nice reward to your long-term shareholders and particularly now that they've had several years of not getting their kind of normalized cash flows. So while I would stop way short of any kind of promise or even interest, with regard to that, intellectually, to your point, it is appealing and it could certainly play a part in the future.
Kelly S. King: Yes, so we are aware of the SEC enforcement action. It in no way involves BB&T and we're certainly not going to comment about securities law actions that are related to other parties. But as far as we're concerned, we are proceeding in terms of our pre-acquisition conversion activities. We're proceeding in terms of regulatory applications. And it is our wish and our expectation to perform according to our contract.
Kelly S. King: Yes, so on the organic side, we think it's going to be a better year in 2 regards. We continue to move market share in that business. As you saw, insurance revenues were up 2% and there's still a soft market out there and so we're moving market share. On the other hand, we're beginning to see, for the first time in several years, some firming up in the market, particularly in the wholesale side and that always precedes firming up on the retail side. Certainly, the insurance companies that had a attrition of capital from some of their investment activities and catastrophes. So they're being more aggressive in terms of pricing. We're beginning to see that show up. So we think in terms of market share movement and pricing movement on the organic side, that looks to be positive for the year. Acquisitions are beginning to come back. We really went through 1.5 years where there wasn't much going on. I think everybody was kind of shellshocked and kind of trying to figure out what was going on in the world. You've noticed we've announced 3 acquisitions in the last few months, a couple in the benefits area out in California. That's really important for us as we begin to develop the platform necessary to deal with health care reform, et cetera. And then a PC business up in Maryland area. We think we will continue to see opportunities in property and casualty and in benefits as we go forward. And we think our insurance acquisition activity will be what I'd call kind of normal for BB&T, which is a number of acquisitions during the course of the year, probably not huge. Most of ours are kind of small. There are not many big deals in the insurance business, although you always kind of look at what's available. We continue to have an interest in the life side of the business. We've, for several years, been trying to strategically figure out how to grow the life business. We sell life but it's just a small part of our whole revenue stream and so we're trying to figure out how to do the life business, which will at some point be a change for us when we figure out how to do it.
Kelly S. King: In terms of acquisitions, the returns will be better than they have been in the last several years or you won't see us do any because the last several years, as you know, we got out of the business because the returns are too low. The last 12 months or so, there hasn't been much activity while everybody's been trying to figure out what their new normalized earnings are going to be. I think that we're heading into a period where people are beginning to get more realistic about what the new landscape's going to be. In other words, more regulatory oversight, more regulatory costs, scale issues in terms of pressure on pricing, et cetera, et cetera. So I think you're going to begin to see companies think more strategically now that they're kind of out of their jaws of the crisis. And my personal opinion is that will cause companies to be willing to look at combinations. That having been said, today, I would say there's still exuberance on the seller's part in terms of what the prices that they can get and some more of that's got to be wrung out before you can see too much activity.
Clarke R. Starnes: Craig, this is Clarke. What drove our thinking was not necessarily any change in our loss experience. As we told you guys all along, we believe we were capital strong and had good earnings power and wanted to work with our clients and try to bridge as many as we can and as many of these assets to a better market. So all along, we have been on a very prescriptive, methodical process of revaluing these properties and marking them down to the appraised value on a consistent basis, so nothing's changed there. What's changed and what's reflected in the mark is management decision to change our holding period assumptions substantially. So we're trying to move away from more of a longer-hold view for us to a shorter-hold view, and this mark reflects what we think's a good liquidity discount to entice a loan holder to take these assets over the next couple of quarters or so. And the big economic benefit for us is that the run rate going forward in the foreclosed property expense is substantially better than the present value of this mark. So we feel very good about the strategy and think that it'll benefit us substantially in 2012.
Clarke R. Starnes: Brian, this is Clarke again. Total inflows for the quarter were up marginally, primarily due to the little bit of seasonal influence in our residential mortgage and our non-prime auto side, which we would expect to see in the fourth quarter and that should come down in the first. But what we're real pleased about is our commercial NPLs were actually down slightly for the quarter. They've come down rapidly to a level that we think is much more manageable to reduce NPLs on an organic basis. So even if the current rate of inflow is on commercial, we would expect another good quarter in Q1 in organic NPL reduction in our commercial book and our total book as well. As far as the 5% to 10% NPA guidance, excluding any special sales, that would assume a normal level of sales based on our previous strategy in about the $200 million range. So if we can do better than that, we should do better.
Clarke R. Starnes: Well, fair question, Todd. I think a couple of points: One is our inflows are still well controlled and overall directionally coming down, so the big risk in OREO is the commercial portfolio. And as I said, the delinquencies actually went down in the commercial book linked quarter. The only increase we had in delinquency for the quarter was some seasonal impact in resi mortgage and specialized lending effectively. So we don't see a delinquency pickup that would increase our inflows and put pressure on the OREO side there. So given all that, we think with the rate of inflows, how we're managing those not to take title into OREO, so our loss assumptions assume the impact of mitigation against new inflows in the OREO, so we're not taking title as much. So the combination of the normal sales and the controlled inflows, we think, will allow us to achieve that result.
Clarke R. Starnes: Absolutely. And Greg, as far as the spread question, what we're seeing, like everybody else, is that spreads are clearly coming down, probably in the middle market side over the last year or so. We've seen pressure maybe 50 to 75 basis points, but still are all in marginal spreads right now on that type of business, are still in the $200 million to $240 million range, which is pretty consistent with the marketplace. And then as Kelly said, we benefit from a lot of smaller -- small business and community bank-sized lending. It gives us a total, for example, C&I yield is nearly 4%, so good mix there. But as Kelly said, we're not -- we've not changed our risk appetite at all around middle market side. 80% of the syndicated deals we participate in are our own facility sizes, there are 750 or less. It's within industries that we have vertical specialty in. A lot of the growth is coming in our newer markets like Texas, expansion in Alabama and Florida and then things like our new industry segment for energy, so that would become some of the highlights where we're getting the C&I growth.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes, Greg, you're right. We had -- as the -- particularly the ADC and the CRE portfolios have been in conscious runoff over the last year or so, we've augmented the balance sheet with -- by retaining what's new for us as we've been retaining our 10- and 15-year product. We've always portfolio-ed our ARMs and the jumbos and our affordable products, so that's not changed. So right now, the mix of what's going on in the balance sheet is about 20% ARMs, 20% jumbo and about 40% conventional -- I'm sorry, 40% jumbo, I apologize. And then what's in the conventional side is primarily 10 and 15. We're not holding any 30s.
Clarke R. Starnes: Well, Kelly might want to speak to that. I think you'll us probably reconsider that as our targets are to see that the ADC will continue to run off. But we're also -- would expect, however, that we'd begin to stabilize the other CRE as we are focused and are interested on very high quality income property lending as asset. If that portfolio stabilizes, then we would probably see us later in the year consider pulling back on what we're putting on the balance sheet on the resi side.
Clarke R. Starnes: Great question, Gerard, and we've talked a lot about that. Kelly's mentioned on several calls the diversification plan and derisking strategy we've had over the last 3 years away from so much C&D concentration, more C&I lending, more non-real estate consumers, so you've seen us consciously grow in those areas so that we could produce lower volatility in the future in our default risk. But you may have higher expected losses than we had, had historically. So what we think about is we're trying to build a target portfolio mix that would hopefully achieve maybe a long-term loss rate in the 60 to 80 basis point range, but much less volatility during stress periods. So I think that would give us a good risk return trade-off. And I think if we can do that, then our nonperforming asset target would actually be pretty similar to that 1% earned or a level that you spoke about.
Clarke R. Starnes: Absolutely. I would suggest to you that the type of originations we've been successfully doing over the last couple of years are very, very conservative. The consumer portfolios are all full docked, low loan-to-value, high FICO strata and the commercial originations, as Kelly said, very, very strong underwriting, very conservative exposure level. So I would agree with that.
Clarke R. Starnes: And Gerard, our shared credit portfolio grew very nicely in the fourth quarter, up probably close to 50% linked quarter annualized. Even within, there's conservative standards we talked about. Clearly, we heard a lot from those clients around wanting to see a very stable partner in their bank group, and we'd give you a little bit of color. We did just close the largest land syndication we've ever done and it was related to a domestic company with a European parent that had funding issues in Europe. And so that was purpose of the credit. So that's the kind of stuff I think you're seeing out there.
Clarke R. Starnes: Absolutely. Just to give you some sense for our syndicated book, roughly, you're talking about yields in about the 2.5% range and fees are about 70 or so basis points. So again, still it's very attractive given the risk profile of these credits for us. But it is down considerably from the peak spreads we saw a year or 2 ago.
Clarke R. Starnes: Well, our total utilization in our entire commercial book was about flat at about 34%. I would give you little color, though interesting, on the middle market side or the shared credits, it was actually up to 36%. So what we are seeing -- we're clearly moving market share. Most of our production in these segments are new names for us, so that's a good thing. But unfortunately, it's not necessarily new borrowing activity for those clients or new project finances, dividend recap and refis and that sort of thing. But what we are benefiting from and seeing -- I think others are seeing is more term loan pieces that are coming on to bank balance sheets versus going out to the bond market. So that's raised -- that was the real reason for the increase in utilization in our corporate book.
Clarke R. Starnes: Fair question, Erika. This is Clarke. Again, what we've thought about, obviously, we will fully comply with accounting and the regulatory methodology for reserve setting as it moves forward and changes. But given the current guidance and construct and the way we think about it is if we were seeing our normalized losses moving down to the 60, 80 basis point range, then just from a management standpoint, we're probably comfortable seeing the reserves in at least the 1.5 to 2x that run rate of losses. Obviously, you could see where we are today and expect to see where we might bottom out given where we want to go. And again, all that depends on how the portfolio, in fact, fully performs and the environmental factors. But that's kind of the way we think about it today.
Clarke R. Starnes: I would just say this. We certainly prefer not to give a specific number because we certainly don't want to influence potential buyers. But I would tell you that it's been substantially marked down from original UPB on the loan side as we brought it in. And then we've taken additional marks. So I think it's a large -- I think you'd find it's a very large number and ought to give us the ability to move this out pretty quickly.
Daryl N. Bible: We believe -- I mean, if you look at the forecast that we have pulled together, our net interest income for the year will be up due to the loan growth that we're seeing and achieving, also with the continued drop in our deposit costs, which will continue to benefit. If you actually look at our core margin this past quarter and you basically net out the repricing of the loans and you charge that against the benefit on the deposits, it really just came down due to the covered assets runoff and lower yields there. So as 2012 rolls out, we feel very comfortable the net interest income will be up, but margins will be down. As far as whether 370 or so is the right number really depends on how long interest rates stay down. The longer they stay down, the more pressure that is, but we feel very good about 2012 and have net interest income up even though margins will be dropping.
Daryl N. Bible: So John (sic) [Josh], if you remember the last earnings call we had, we said the duration of the portfolio was 2.7 and now we're at 3.3. So you are correct in that it is a little bit longer, but we feel very comfortable at the 3.3 range.
Daryl N. Bible: Bob, the only thing I can tell you is, is we submitted our capital plans. We're waiting to hear from the regulators in middle of March. And at that point, I think you might see potential action plans we can take from that announcement.
Daryl N. Bible: Sure. I'll try to summarize it for you, Ken. Every quarter, we have to run cash flow and assessments and we also go through the impairment analysis, so it changes a little bit every quarter. But if you really look at the net impact of the decline in the net interest income versus the less loss on the fee income side, it's probably a net loss of revenue of approximately $100 million for the year. So it's very manageable. So you have margin coming down more, but you have the fee income bouncing back some. So I think that's very doable. We feel very comfortable in '12 that both net interest income and fee income will show positive growth year-over-year.
Daryl N. Bible: Okay, so this quarter, you are right in that we did have some more impairments, so there was an impairment that we took where you have the 80% offset. That was worth $33 million adjustment in the fee income line item. So if everything stayed flat, for the first quarter you would probably see the loss or the income item on the FDIC loss share go up a little bit quarter-over-quarter on a linked basis. It's hard to predict when you're going to have impairments because you have to take it at the time it occurs. But if you look overall, it's an 80% offset when it occurs, so it really doesn't have a large impact on your earnings because you had a provision with the offset in the loss share. But if you take away the provision piece, that net $100 million down is really what the impact is.
Daryl N. Bible: So we're going to stick with our guidance to the first quarter, what I can tell you is that the margin in the fourth quarter, if you take away the covered asset piece, it was relatively flat. We had really good stable margin. So it really depends on the loan growth that we're achieving and we feel good about continuing to replace that on our deposits. So we think, overall, our normal operating core margin should be relatively stable.
