Kelly King: Yeah, Betsy, as you would expect, we’re doing a deep dive in all of those areas to be sure that we can continue to provide high-performance profitability metrics, even as we orchestrate through this difficult environment. The pulling forward is just frankly getting more aggressive than we had even originally planned with regard to vendor renegotiations. We’ve got a ton of buildings, as you might expect duplicative buildings, some small, some large. We’ve got a major task-force working on that. And we decided to be very aggressive in terms of consolidating and eliminating a lot of those buildings. And that’s pretty immediate cost reductions when you do that. We have a very aggressive personnel rationalization plan in process. And a good bit of that is already underway in 2Q as you alluded to. It will begin to flow down to the bottom line more in 3Q and 4Q as we get executing on that. The plans are well developed. And now, it’s just a matter of executing on the plans. Now, keep in mind that while we’re now calling this out, as we head into the remainder of this year and 2021, we also have some really good opportunities in terms of revenue. Our Integrated Relationship Management program is going extremely well. And we are redoubling our efforts with regard to that, because this is the time when our clients need us more than ever. And so, we are across the organization focusing on generating opportunities to help our clients and, of course, in the – so doing, we generate additional revenue for us. So we’ve got all of these expense initiatives, but they’re huge revenue initiatives as well, which gives us great confidence. We’re focusing on the expense with you. From day one, we didn’t add in revenue opportunities as a part of projecting. But I can just tell you that the development along the way in terms of realizing those revenue synergies is going far better than I would have ever expected, including all of the COVID difficulties related to that.
Kelly King: Yeah. And also, I didn’t mention too, Betsy, so we, in addition to those items Daryl mentioned, we had COVID-related reductions in income including money back on credit card purchases, the other types of incomes, NSF reductions, waivers, so were just so pretty big number. We haven’t been trying to call that out, because I think most people are trying to kind of do the same thing. But it is material.
Kelly King: Yes. So basically on the fee waivers, we think it’s about time to kind of eliminate those. To be honest, we had lot of discussion about it. But we’ve concluded that we got to let our clients ease back into normal life planning and financial planning. And so we’ve terminated that.
Kelly King: So, on the conversion we have a full plan developed. We have timelines developed. We have all the parties lined up in terms of executing. And as I said, we’re executing literally as we speak in terms of non-core bank conversions. But for the core bank, all of that is lined up and moving forward. It’s a big deal, so it’s challenging. But we’re very confident in terms of moving forward in the timeline we’ve talked about. And Daryl can comment, but with regard to the efficiency ratio, you’ve heard me say over the years. That’s just a tough ratio, because you got a numerator and a denominator. But look we’re at 55.8% in adjusted in this environment, without getting the benefits of the expense cuts from the conversion materially and the revenue enhancements. So that’s why we feel very, very confident getting into low-50s from where we are today. The adjusted efficiency ratio will wash out to the normal efficiency ratio, because the – all the merger unusual costs now will go away. And so we feel very confident about that. So that – even if rates stay relatively low, I’m optimistic we can get down to that kind of level. Obviously, if rates go up, then that really helps.
Kelly King: Yeah. One of the interesting things that we’re finding, but I must admit I was a little bit positively surprised about is the resiliency of our clients, when we talked to our regional presidents and our people that are dealing direct with clients. In many, many cases, they’re saying, well, the clients feel pretty good given the environment and the reason is because they learned their lesson 10 years ago in the Great Recession. And when this hit, they acted fast. They held their expenses. They tried to be creative in terms of generating other revenues. And they’re hanging on much, much better than I might have expected. Now they’re – some of the tiniest, micros all businesses are having the hardest time because they don’t any rainy-day funds. They live kind of day to day. But for most of our small business clients, they have some resiliency, but mostly they responded very fast. So now if it hangs on a long time, it’s just going to be hard. But if this recovers reasonably quickly, I think we may be pleasantly surprised at how well our business community actually [recovers] [ph].
Daryl Bible: The only thing I would add to that, Betsy, is that, in the first or second quarter, we had some COVID-related expenses. We talk about them, but we don’t carve them out. We believe that those COVID expenses will moderate over the next quarter or so. So you’ll be able to really see the cost saves as they moderated. But we’re probably in the 15% to 20% range right now. And with the cost savings that Kelly said that we are actively working on, by fourth quarter, we’ll have 40% of it we believe in fold.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, so, John, we’re doing several things around that. Obviously, you saw us exit $20 million of advances from the Home Loan Bank. They had rates north of 1%. We eliminated the negative carry that we had at the Fed at earning 10 basis points. So that was an immediate lift to run rate that’s happening as we speak now. Kelly touched on earlier; we’re continuingly have opportunity to continue to cut our core deposit rates. We think that will come down substantially over the next 2 quarters. So we feel good about that. If you look at on the commercial area, 75% of all new originations and modifications, got floors embedded into their loans. We think that will protect some of the yield from that perspective. And the other things we’re looking at right now, it’s kind of tricky on what assets you can grow, at this time that helps run rate and capital. But there are strategies like the Ginnie Mae buyout program, where we are adding to that. We’re looking at maybe adding back our jumbo correspondent production that will add more earning assets there, 90% LTV, so you still have favorable risk weights, the student lending that’s government guaranteed. So all those are capital friendly that help run rate will be positive. We’re also looking at moving some of the mix out of the Fed balance into the investment portfolio to some extent. So all those I think will increase our core margin, which will help offset the slowdown as you have your reported margin. You have less fair value accounting coming through every quarter. We’re trying to offset that with all these actions that we’re taking so we can keep our margin flat.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I mean, the only thing I would add to that, John, is that, no matter what environment we’re in, with putting the 2 companies together in the scale and efficiencies we have, we believe will be a top-tier provider in efficiency in any market condition that you have there. So rates are higher, it will have lower efficiency numbers. If rates stay lower, maybe they won’t be quite as well as what we’re saying, but we still should be in the top couple of our peer group from that perspective. So we feel very good about that.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So my prepared remarks, Mike, I said that we’d be down 1% to 3% linked-quarter on excluding those items that I mentioned there. So we definitely believe it’s going to have a [two or three] [ph] down third quarter and probably pretty good in the fourth quarter as well.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So what I would tell you is, is that we’re at 32 basis points right now. If you look that what our average in June was, we were at 25 basis points. So we will probably be in the low-20s maybe peers through 20% – or 20 basis points in the third quarter probably by fourth quarter will be in the teens. On heritage BB&T side, the lowest we got in the last crisis was 20 basis points. I don’t have with me what heritage SunTrust was handy. But we’re clearly headed lower. I think we’re going to be lower than before. The assumptions on the margin outlook, we basically use the forward curve, forward curve basically has no rate movements for the next couple of years, a pretty flat curve. So we are not anticipating any increase. We’re just trying to take actions that we think are prudent that we can take in the stressed environment to help improve core margin, which would help alleviate some of the offset of the fair value accounting accretion well.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, we always tend to buy securities with 2% premium or less that’s we’ve done that for many, many years, because we don’t like that to have a lot of leap year volatility. But you’re seeing CPRs and the marketplace now of 30%, so they’re prepaying pretty fast. If you look at our investment portfolio or in the mid- to high-$70 billion range, our cash flow is coming off are about $4.5 billion to $5 billion a quarter right now. So you’re getting some of that amortization that we’re seeing there. So we’re reloading and trying to add to it. But it’s hard to find security they don’t have a big premium. So we’re being as selective as we can from that perspective.
Daryl Bible: We are almost all out of Federal Home Loan Bank paydowns. I think we have $1 billion left or whatever that’s going to roll off, I think, for later this year. So if we were to do anything right now, I’m not saying we would, but the only thing left you can really do from a liability perspective is tender any outstanding debt. We have not made a decision to do any of that. But that’s the only thing left. And then, as we aggressively push down deposit rates, we will be good to our clients. But non-clients, we’re going to push them down really, really low. And if they leave, that’s okay, because we have huge balances at the Fed.
Daryl Bible: So from what we’re hearing from clients, I would say, a pandemic-wise. Our clients – for the most part, our small business clients are probably the ones most impacted right now, because they don’t have the same reserves that larger companies do. So larger companies depending on what scenarios you’re in, some are under stress, some are actually doing really well. It’s a really broad spectrum there from that perspective. From a cards perspective and the team, they’ve been actively grading down the more stress credit. So you’re seeing that reflected, and that’s showing up in our allowance numbers on that. But from a deposit, we have huge deposit growth. The DDA growth that we got, the $20 billion that Kelly mentioned 80% of that was coming from businesses that will probably moderate over time. And if you look at the growth that we’ve gotten from our interest checking and MMDA, most of that is coming from personal. I think that will also get spent and moderate over time. It all depends on the government comes out with more stimulus checks, then that might add back to the balances there.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So just based on our prior experience, Amanda in the last crisis, we know that some of the people that are on payment deferral are going to end up in charge-off. And we don’t want to have any surprises. So we’re using a lot of metrics depending portfolio specific on which percentages people will carry through and might not be able to make their payments, and it varies by each portfolio. But this quarter was around $50 million for us. And that’s what we backed out of our net interest income from accrual basis. So we did a little bit in the first quarter, and we’re continuing to manage and monitor that, but we think it’s prudent accounting just to basically make sure that we are going to accrue what we think we’re going get paid back on.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So Amanda, we’re just taking it day by day and as we know certain things. So right now, we’re still in a stressed period. So we’re going to keep our capital stack pretty strong. We do have the ability to call some of the preferred out over the next year or two, if things were to lighten up. That would be about $1.5 billion or so. But right now, I think we want to keep our capital really strong. We continue to evaluate and make sure that we have enough. We’re managing the capital for stress and what could come our way from that perspective. But we have a lot of flexibility. And we will make prudent decisions, and we’ll let you know when we make those decisions right now. But right now, we’re happy with the capital that we have.
Daryl Bible: Gerard, we did do a press release earlier that week, when – after the numbers came out on Thursday. We said that we thought potentially that our numbers on provision, we thought should have been a little bit lower. It’s hard to know, when you’re doing current method, you have to really know when the loans come off first, and when they stay on the books, and to know when it has to get reloaded with the new originations. And you don’t have that data; I think it’s hard to actually forecast that. I think in their model, methodology, they say they try to account for it, but you really need to have good instruments in forecasting, to know what loans are coming on and off. Then on fair value accounting, if you have PPNR models that are based upon historical results, this was probably the worst time you could model PPNR, because the company just came together in December. We had maybe three weeks of purchase accounting, so you really didn’t have anything. You did have one year of noninterest expense. And that appropriately got loaded into our run rate. And we’re going to have that for the next year or two, and that will fade away. But fair value accounting is real, it’s alive. I mean, we had over almost $1 billion in the first twp quarters of this year that we basically were able to use that from an earnings perspective. And we kind of think of it that it kind of helped fund our allowance though. It wasn’t exact, but it was like 90%-plus what the amount was. It just happened that way, but didn’t really have any earnings impact off of our core earnings because of that. So we feel over time that our history will be loaded with fair value accounting. And that will get done appropriately. We are actively meeting with the Fed. They’re here, as you know, constantly and we’re giving them all the information, sharing everything that we have. And we hope down the road that we will get better results. And we still think long term, our MOE, we should be top-tier performing, not just on the loss rate, but also on the PPNR and on the capital resiliency. It might take two or three years to get the expenses out of our run rate. But hopefully, by year three from now, we’re going to be in the top quartile or, if not, the best in our peer group.
Daryl Bible: I can tell you our assumptions, Chris. This is, obviously, a new product, and we’ll see how it all plays out. But if you look at the fees, obviously, we set them up on the loan system. And they get amortized to go over a two-year time period. But as they get the forgiveness and then get paid back, all that left accretion to that loan would actually come into earnings in that time period. So our assumptions are that, we believe 75% of our production in PPP will get forgiveness. We believe that, this is the timing that we put in our models. In the fourth quarter, 30% of the 75% will get forgiven, 65% of the 70% will get forgiven in the first quarter of 2021, and then the remaining 5% of the 75% in quarter two of 2021. The other 25%, we think will go all the way to term and from that perspective. That’s our estimate. It’s our best guess, they did modify it. So we pushed out a little bit. PPP is very fluid. It tends to change a lot. So we’ll see how things would react. But this is our best estimate right now.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, we’ll mention it. I mean, it’s in our run rate now a little bit, because you’re still amortizing, basically, the fee over that two-year time period. So like for this quarter, it was worth about $49 million of our net interest income for the second quarter.
Clarke Starnes: Yeah, Betsy, this is Clarke. I’ll take the credit accommodations. I know Daryl and Kelly gave you the statistics there. I would tell you this we are seeing a substantially lower new incidence of client accommodation requests. I think much like others, the big wave was early on. And so, our focus now is actually on the expiration of the initial forbearance that we granted and whether they’re going to need additional relief or not. So what we have been doing on both the wholesale and the consumer side, we’ve marshaled substantial resources. But we’re actually reaching out to these borrowers, whether they’re individuals or whether they’re businesses and trying to anticipate what they think their needs are, or what their current financial situation and outlook is, so that we can get a sense of what lies ahead. And I can just tell you, it depends on the individual situations we’re seeing anywhere from 0% ask – think they’ll need another accommodation to some asset classes. It might be 50%. So we’re trying to take all that into consideration, be compliant with the CARES Act. But we’re going to be much more thoughtful about the second wave to make sure that we’re not kicking the can down the road. And so, as we’re doing these reviews, we’re also effectively, where it’s appropriate, deferring the interest accrual. And Daryl talked about that. We’re actually – got reserve there, if we think there’s higher probability of re-default. And then, we’re also, through this re-grading, that’s definitely included in our modeling in our loan loss reserves.
Clarke Starnes: Hey, Dave, this is Clarke. We did consider that and as we’ve gone through, I mentioned these deep dive reviews by segments that would include geographies as well, and even things like individual property levels and submarkets. So we have considered that and tried to take that into consideration in our estimates, which obviously did assume further deterioration.
Clarke Starnes: Erika, this is Clarke. Obviously, I’m sure you’ve heard this from others, we follow our process, we look at our models, our economic scenario assumptions, our client behaviors, and the deep dives around these specific industries, and we do everything we can in the CECL process to estimate what we think those lifetime losses are. So obviously, if those scenarios play out differently, our clients perform differently than we had forecasted, then that would adjust what we would need to do in the future. So for now, we think we’ve done the very best estimate we can with the information that we’ve been able to evaluate
Clarke Starnes: It’s a great question, Gerard, and we debate that every day. Certainly, for us right now, while we’re concerned about the consumer, we’re watching it very closely with all the stimulus support and the savings and different things. It’s holding up relatively well, even if you take out the forbearance benefit that we’ve provided. I think our concern right now is more in the commercial side. If you look at our reserve allocation, to even again for this quarter, it was 80% plus on the wholesale side. So I think that’s what – we’re looking at things like, what does – how does the hospitality or some of these sensitive areas; are there structural changes in office or other property types? So I think the wholesale side, based on various certain industry segments and CRE types are where we’re putting most of our focus right now.
Clarke Starnes: It’s a great question. You’ll see our C&C asse4ts when we file the Q. But I mentioned this deep-dive and re-grading process we went through. So effectively on the wholesale side, we’ve actually in the sensitive industry areas, we’ve done deep dives. As an example, in the hospitality area, we covered 90% of our total exposure there on a borrower-by-borrower basis and re-enter every one of those. And done that similar process for the other sensitive industries and then for any client this had an accommodation. And so, we’ve marshaled a ton of people to do that. And so we’re getting real-time information. That has certainly impacted our grading. And so, we proactively downgraded a good number of credits. The biggest stress we’ve seen in the downgrades has been in hospitality and things like CRE and retail. So, all of that is baked into our second quarter estimate. And as I mentioned, about 80% plus of the additional increase is related to those, the wholesale and particularly to those sensitive industry areas.
Christopher Henson: Yeah, Betsy, this is Chris. I would add, under Truist Cares, we did things like 5% cashback for grocery and pharmacy, ATM fees for waivers for clients and non-clients. We did for the EIP, a 30-day relief credit for those who did not have balances. And so, all those things to the point I think Kelly and Daryl making, we’ll come back to is, we’ve also had some service charge, bank card, check card challenges, which will come back, at least certainly a large portion of that will come back in 2021 as well.
Christopher Henson: Sure. Happy to, Mike. This is Chris. Yeah, really excited about the quarter. It was a record quarter, as Kelly alluded to earlier. And the three drivers of organic growth was pricing and retention of new business. And so the – prior to COVID, they were all kind of hitting all cylinders, and what you have now as new businesses driven by GDP and uncertainty due to COVID tailing down a bit. But pricing is really robust. So what we had in the quarter was pricing last quarter was up in the 4.5% range closer to 5% this quarter. As anticipate, we’ll continue to see acceleration for the remainder of this year and into 2021, I’ll touch on why in just a minute. Client retention was, in retail, 90.3%, 84.1% in wholesale, also very strong, but what you’re seeing there is a bit of a shift with the COVID uncertainties. You’re beginning to see some of the standard carriers that support retail to really sort of pull back and refer to wholesale, which gets underwritten in the E&S market that supports the wholesale. So over a period of a year, you’re seeing a little bit of – maybe a couple of percent down in retail, but up about 4% at wholesale. And that really underscores sort of the power of our diversified model, because we play in both channels. In fact, in wholesale, you might even get just to touch on margin in today’s world, so that we actually benefit in that situation. New business production, where we were up maybe double digits last quarter, we’re down 4%. But what I would say there is, while – and that’s really driven by GDP, what’s going on in the economy, uncertainty due to COVID. But I would tell you that overall outlook is much more positive, because of the price firming I just talked about. And we also saw in the quarter more stable exposure units than we’d expect. We just did not see the business failures. It was just a limited number of business failures and also the growing excess and surplus lines volume, the shift from retail to wholesale that I had commented on just a minute. So in the quarter what all that gave us was organic growth in the 2.1% range. I think what I had said was sort of a flat to 2%, and we were right on the upper end of that range. So I felt very, very good about it in a market that I think some might would have expected flat to slightly down. Just another touch on pricing. You really are seeing upward momentum. I think we’re going to continue to see all coverage types were up, except workers comp. All sizes were up at least in the sort of 4.5%, 5.5% range. You saw things like D&O up 9.3%, liability – professional liability up, 6%, 7%, business interruption up 6%. I mean, those are big numbers. So what we would expect in the third quarter, because of what Daryl had said earlier, was our – we’re going out – we’re coming out of the second quarter, which is our strongest quarter of the year to our weakest quarter of the year, the third quarter, which is purely seasonal. So you’ll see something down in the 13%, 14% range. But for the year, we’re still forecasting organic growth, what would be soft in third and fourth quarter. We’re still seeing it in low-single-digits for the remainder of 2020 was really pricing sort of leading the way. So we feel really strong, really good about it.
Christopher Henson: And Mike, it’s Chris, again. I might just comment on mortgage. We had, as Kelly alluded to just an exceptional mortgage quarter this quarter. And Daryl said that we might expect it to tail down and touch I will tell you production, we think is going to be just as strong, maybe even a little stronger. It’s just as the industry brings on more capacity, the margin is going to tail down to touch. So I mean, we’re in a 319 kind of range this quarter, and that combines retail at 450 and correspondent a touch lower. But you’re still going to probably have in the mid- to upper-2s, kind of margin. And you got additional servicing costs as Daryl pointed out, but still going to be a very strong year. I mean, the kind of year that would have been, frankly, I mean, kind of quarter, it would have been a year to the old BB&T. So very substantial kind of numbers overall.
Christopher Henson: And this is Chris, Kelly. Just to reinforce your point over half of our 24 regions are actually on goal for lending business to date. And what’s really good to see is to the top regions or like West Virginia and Virginia West, some of our core – corest of core regions. And so I absolutely agree with what you’re saying.
