Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. So as you can see, we consider this to be overall a great quarter, especially given the environment especially because I think we are a very good Main Street bank. We're not being affected by some of the global macro issues that you're hearing. Obviously, the general U.S. economy has been slow for these last several periods. Although we see no evidence that recent discussions in Washington are immediately and directly affecting credit, so we, as we indicated, had very strong credit performance in the third and look forward to be strong in the fourth. So underlying fundamentals in loans and deposits are exceptionally strong. We've made great progress on accomplishing our diversification and workout strategies, continue to invest to drive revenue and loan growth. As I mentioned, we are reconceptualizing our businesses to drive revenue and expense optimization, and we believe we are providing the best value proposition in our markets. So in spite of the fact that the last several quarters continued to improve, we still believe our best days are ahead. Now I'll turn it back to Tamera for questions.
Kelly S. King: It's a good question. So conceptually, the way we are approaching this, and we think is the right approach, is a challenge to our managers to start with a clean sheet of paper, given the new world we're operating in from both a regulatory, environmental, economic perspective, to reconceptualize their businesses. We have a very thorough process where they, upon reconceptualization, they present their information to a team that Daryl leads and then it's ultimately presented to our entire executive team. And frankly, the response has been extremely enthusiastic. People really appreciate this approach versus a cramdown where I just say cut 5% or cut 10%. So we have not set a number. I'm not going to set a number. I believe we will get better execution on running the business in a way that is sustained [ph] on improving it from a long-term point of view, not setting a direct number today. I think it'll be substantial. We'll give you some updates as we kind of go along. But today, I've not set a number. With regard to the general environmental issues and the credit issues, I'd say environmentally, obviously, there are still headwinds out there in terms of the fee income area, around Durbin and other factors that we've been dealing with. We feel really good about where we are in terms of dealing with the Reg E changes. As I indicated Bright Banking is going extremely well, and that substantially deals with that issue. I'll go ahead and address the issue with regard to Durbin, as, obviously, there's a lot of conversation, a lot of smoke out there with regard to Durbin and debit cards. I still remember my parents telling me when I was young, "When it's lightening outside, stay in the house." Well, we're kind of taking a cautious approach with regard to where the debit card issue is. But we are, nonetheless, totally committed to recapturing the lost income. I will say because of all the reaction out there, it's probably going to take a little longer than we maybe earlier thought, but we have no less degree of confidence in terms of getting that. Let me ask Clarke, though, to respond to part of your question, Matt, with regard to how we feel about recovering the credit issues, not just the provision but the other credit costs over time.
Kelly S. King: But Matt, we -- everybody has their own -- I mean, Mike, everybody has their own views. But our view, my view is that while it will likely stay flat maybe for most of next year, as soon as this economy gets some sign of life, you're going to see the Federal Reserve react to that, so I don't think it's going to be as flat and as low as long as everybody else does.
Kelly S. King: Thank you, Ken. So we think it'll be pretty balanced. We think it'll be relatively fast growth in corporate loans, retail loans and specialized lending. The corporate loans for the next couple of years will probably still grow faster than the other 2 segments because, again, we just have this whopping unique opportunity. And we're just beginning to scratch the surface in terms of the national relationships that can be developed. So it'll grow at a faster pace. The retail is going to be -- it'll be steadily picking up pace because remember how that works when you have a mature large retail portfolio that's been running off for 2 or 3 years make that turn, it's kind of a permanent turn. It'll keep building assuming production grows, which production is growing. And then in our wealth strategy, it's really just beginning to come into its own. So I think retail will be growing at an accelerated pace. Wealth will be growing at an accelerated pace. Corporate will stay very strong. So altogether those will be the drivers. You wouldn't expect to see over the next 2 or 3 years mortgage be the driver that it has been for several reasons. One is the volumes are unlikely to be at this level for several years. I mean, rates, once they go back up, you won't see the refis. And once, frankly, other, asset opportunities are available, we'll have less appetite to retain mortgages on our book. So I would think about it in terms of corporate retail and specialized lending.
Kelly S. King: Well, it was an uptick for 2 reasons, Ken. I think one is that we continue to see on a broad base accelerated movement to us, in general, because of flight to quality. Also, as you know, there's an awful lot of upset in our market today in terms of what's going on with some of our major competitors, mergers and other situations that's working to our advantage. And part of that is because we did have a focused strategy in terms of bulking up in terms of corporate CDs and public fund CDs around our Basel liquidity strategy. But even with that, it's relationship-based. It's people that we've known for a long time, and we just -- frankly, we're a little more aggressive in terms of attracting some of those deposits to get a bigger share of that to create that Basel liquidity that we wanted. So you won't -- that's the only other part that you'll see kind of maybe go back down as we head into the fourth. The rest of it will remain constant.
Kelly S. King: Yes, Erica, those are completely distinct and separate. What we described to you before, 2 or 3 quarters ago, is playing out. It will methodically play out and pretty certainly play out as the nonperforming assets fade away because it's completely directly related to it. The reconceptualization process is essentially different. It is about recognizing that we're in a new world and challenging our business leaders to -- in that context to from the bottom up reconceptualize their businesses on the revenue and on the expense side. And so on the expense side, it'll be more in terms of expense reductions because of new processes and new approaches and eliminating things we were doing. On the revenue side, it'll be about reallocation of expenses. We don't expect to reduce our expenses on the revenue side. What we expect to do is increase our revenues relative to the expenses we expend by squeezing the gap between our lower-performing producers and our higher-performing producers. And based on some analysis we've done, we think there's pretty material revenue ramp out of that, so that's why we call it a revenue and an expense optimization process.
Kelly S. King: Yes, that's really what's happening, John, in the marketplace. So what we're seeing is that we just had a very tiny reduction in our yield, 3 basis points. Our spreads actually went up in that corporate lending space. There is a lot of competition, particularly on the very high-end deals, which frankly, we don't participate in. We follow it very carefully, but we don't participate in a very largest deals. That's where the most aggressive pricing is going on. But there is competition throughout, but we hold firm with regard to our yield expectations, and we may not get as high a percentage of deals as others might get. We're just not going to sacrifice quality and profitability for growth. We'll work harder to try to get it, but we're not going to sacrifice quality and profitability. So it's not a major issue for us today. I would say, in general, though, if you just look for us and everybody else, even with the compression of late, it is still better than it was 2 years ago. So I mean, 2 years ago and before we kind of got -- maybe 3 years ago before we got into crisis, spreads had really -- gotten really, really low. And then they gapped up pretty nicely. We've given back about 50 basis points of that over the last, call it 3 or 4 months. But we're still 100 to 125 basis points higher than we were 3 years ago. So it's a very attractive space for us, and the internal rates of return for us are very attractive. Let me turn to Clarke, though, to just give you a bit more color on that.
Kelly S. King: Yes, on the nonbank side, as you said, we have executed some recent insurance deals, kind of bread-and-butter-type deals like we've done for a long time. We see that continuing at a fairly normalized kind of pace of for the next 2 or 3 years, so we kind of -- we went through a period there where for about 18 months it just kind of really died. I think that's when everybody was just kind of backing up, trying to reassess the world. But that seems to have settled down, so we're kind of back in that game. We'll also continue to look at some specialty commercial finance and those types of businesses, but I really don't expect a lot in that area, to be honest, John. But in the bank space, what we think now is that everybody is generally still kind of hunkered down. I think everybody is kind of trying to figure out where are we on regulations, where are we on the global economy. And then to be honest, most people that are potential sellers, their prices are depressed. You always think in terms of preferring to do a deal when the prices are higher. So you get all of those factors. people are a little bit reticent to be too aggressive to date. Having said that, I think we are approaching a period, maybe we're in the beginning stages of it, where people are going to begin to realize that we're kind of in the new norm. I mean, we're not going to go back to where we were 3 years ago. And so decisions are going to have to be made strategically based on kind of the current facts. And so given that, we expect the willingness to consider strategic combinations to increase over the next year or so. We remain interested in acquisitions. We have not changed our view that our scale is important in the industry, particularly as revenue opportunities going forward is relatively slow. As technological and regulatory costs continue to increase, our scale becomes very important. We are really focused on the, I'd say the bread-and-butter kind of deals. We're not spending any energy worrying about the really big deals. I frankly think there is -- you get a lot of talk there, very unlikely. So we're not spending any energy on that. We are focusing an appropriate amount of energy on kind of the medium-sized deals. Let's just call it $3 billion to $15 billion kind of size, which I think is a good size for us to date. And -- but I want to be very clear, John, that while the question, which I appreciate, is on M&A, our #1 focus remains on organic growth. We have this phenomenal opportunity in the organic space, and that's where the vast majority of our focus is placed.
Kelly S. King: So Gerard, obviously, you framed it correctly. We all have to present a plan and have approval. But in that context, just to reinforce our primary -- first choice on using capital is for strong organic growth. That's always the best long-term for your shareholders. Dividend is certainly second and M&A is third and repurchase is a distant fourth. So to the extent that we continue to accrete capital at a fairly significant pace, which we believe we will, we think organic growth will be picking up so that will absorb some. We would expect to be relatively aggressive on our dividend, understanding that we have a range that we've stated in the 30% to 50% range. We're not going to be rushing to get to the top of that because, again, I've said it before, I'll say again, having gone through a dividend decrease, that's not the kind of thing you ever want to repeat again in your career. So we'll be methodical about that. But still, given it's our second priority, it's going to get proper emphasis. And to the extent that there was not M&A activity, which I've indicated I think there will be, to your point, yes, we would consider repurchase at the appropriate time. There are times -- it just kind of depends on the stock price. I mean, it's an investment. And if the price goes way down and if we have excess capital and are continuing to accrete excess capital and the internal rate return on that investment is superior to other options, then certainly it moves to the top of the list.
Kelly S. King: Yes, the ones we pretty surely will flat-out avoid, Nancy, is raw land investing. We're not going to do much of that anymore. But yes, you said 2 or 3 years ago before anybody else did, Nancy, I think a very insightful point, that the banks in the Southeast and the country for that matter, particularly the Southeast, has kind of grown up depending on real estate, and that, that was going to be a sea change for all of us. I think you were way ahead of the game on that insight. I think it will recover, but it will never be back where it was, to your point. So you saw our last -- this last quarter, 85% of our production was C&I, 15% was real estate. That will improve some. Because there is no ADC going on today. There will be some. There's very low CRE going on. There will be some. So where we will be, if you want to draw kind of a band, what is off limits is trying to turn farm land into commercial property. I tell people all the time that with all the difference in the world on the value of a piece of land, when you decide you're not going to be growing condominiums, you will be growing corn. So we've got this steeped in our culture. Then to the -- on the other end of that band is multifamily today, which is very attractive. We believe there's a long-term sea change in terms of homeownership. Therefore, there's going to be very attractive investments for folks in rental properties for a long time. That's a very appropriate kind of CRE lending for us to do. So we're not getting out of the real estate lending business. We'll be approaching it with an appropriate amount of energy given our long-term goals, so I think that will be what it kind of will be. And then -- but our majority emphasis is still going to be on C&I, particularly corporate and small business and then on the consumer side, particularly on wealth.
Kelly S. King: Yes, it has changed, Nancy, over the cycle. I can remember 25 years ago, we kind of thought our normalized range was 25 to 35. That was in a different world. But today because of mix changes in our business and because of the greater, frankly, inherent risk in the system, looking forward -- and we think we're conservative on this, but looking forward, we think a normalized loss rate is in the 60 to 80 basis point range. Now we also think that we'll be getting better yields. When we were in that 25 to 35 range, that was during the period of time, as you know, when we were going through that massive disintermediation from 80% market share down to 30% market share, so price compression was horrendous. And so we will have higher loss rate because it's kind of a new norm. The old norm was -- it never was really 35 basis points. As you know, it was really -- it was higher than that. It was just disguised. So we have a more normalized, I think, long-term rate now, and we will have better normalized yields. And then with better mix that we will have in terms of consumer and C&I, and we think we'll have more predictable yields that will give us more predictable spreads.
Kelly S. King: No, Matt. It would not directly impact that at all. In fact, in terms of the reconceptualization plan, if that business leader presented a compelling proposal to ramp up even from what we've been doing in terms of that, then we would feel fine with that. So it's about making sure, first of all, that the expenses that produce revenue that they already have allocated are properly, efficiently used. And then secondly, if they can make a proposal case for -- get [ph] even more revenue producers, then that'll be fine. And I wouldn't be a bit surprised in some of the ones, like corporate, that have done so well, I wouldn't be a bit surprised to see us continue to invest in more revenue producers there, even as we reconceptualize and maybe reduce in some other areas.
Kelly S. King: The other thing, Brian, is to keep in mind that the -- if you look at the 4.3% growth versus the 7.5% growth adjusted, when we're talking about moving market share, we're talking about it in the markets we're participating in. I mean, certainly, the runoff portfolios dilute the absolute number. So we're thinking in the markets that we're actually participating in, that's where we have to grow, is visibility. Clarke says when we talk to our producers that we know who the competitors are, then we're fairly certain that we're all going to move [ph] market share.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So what's happened year-over-year is we're continuing to be in a, and as you -- as they [ph] described it, a soft market. And so while the rate of decline in premiums over the year has declined, it is still down probably 5% to 7% over last year. Now we will tell you in the last 90 days, the feedback I get is we're beginning to see some hardening in the market, particularly in the wholesale space. We are also getting anecdotal feedback from the insurance companies that because they have seen degradation in their earnings, particularly coming out of their investment portfolios, their ability to accrete capital going forward is stretched. And so they're beginning to think about how they're going to produce decent returns themselves. So while it's conjecture on my part, I think we are at right at the cusp of beginning to see some real hardening in the insurance market. But we are actually moving in terms of numbers of accounts. When we look at the marketplace, we feel like we're clearly moving market share because our business is not going down as much as the overall market, but the overall market is still softening.
Kelly S. King: No, we don't do it exactly that way, Chris. But what we do it is with price. We basically just -- when we are experiencing significantly more deposit growth than we need from a lending point of view, we just scratch it down more aggressively the price, and that basically takes care of it.
Kelly S. King: I think they are very possible with the exception of the substantial bulk-up we did in corporate and public funds consistent with our Basel III strategy. So when you look in our numbers, when you look at the CD category, I think about that coming down materially, but the other numbers would look probably pretty consistent.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes, Matt, as we talked about before, we think the biggest credit lever we have outside the relief and provisioning is really in the OREO side and related credit costs around personnel and legal fees. And as we said before, we think that number is easily in the $700 million range pretax. And so that's one of the reasons you've seen us take a little more aggressive stand now on our OREO liquidation and managing these inflows. So we think those numbers are -- we're beginning to see some of that benefit as we get these balances down, and we think that we'll see a good bit of that as we move through '12 and beyond.
Clarke R. Starnes: Absolutely. John, one of the things that I will -- a little detail out, would give you guys is that, as Kelly said, we don't purposely participate in the large syndicated league [ph] table type deals. In fact, about 80% of our syndicated participations are on deal facilities, $750 million or less, where we have specific knowledge of the industry and the management team. And so we typically get better pricing in those transactions. We also have much better opportunity to sell other noncredit services and get our shares. So that's where we focus and have been very successful, and also, it is very attractive from a risk standpoint. But to Kelly's point, we're seeing probably 50 basis point contraction over the last year or so, and tenures go out 3 to 5 years. So there's definitely more competition, and where it doesn't make sense for us, we're walking away.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes, Craig, this is Clarke. So to remind you all, that is, as Kelly says, a number of businesses ranging from a very low-risk component of our premium finance down to our nonprime auto finance, so it blends out, we think, at a very attractive risk-return relationship. But what's occurring, probably the fastest-growing segments within that group right now are our small-ticket equipment finance business, which is smaller consumer and small business equipment lending. Those have very attractive yields. Those will probably be in the low- to mid-teens. But it's not -- it's a, more of a prime-based portfolio. And then we also are relatively underpenetrated in the commercial leasing area. And so we're growing that portfolio very rapidly. That is a pretty low-risk portfolio. It does have more C&I-like yields.
Clarke R. Starnes: Great question, Ed, and we don't know the final answer to that. We certainly are very sensitive to pending additional regulatory and accounting guidance around those issues. But looking at our own analytics around credit performance in the portfolios and particularly the improved risk profile of what we're putting on today, we would still expect to see our reserves and allowance continue to go down. And we think about it. It could be ultimately 1.5 to 2x that long-term loss rate as kind of a floor. But again, it'll all depend upon how we feel about the risk, what the accounting and regulatory guidance is. And then frankly, on top of all of that, we're always going to remain a pretty conservative judgmental view of all that.
Clarke R. Starnes: Great -- another great question. We think the big driver, as we said, is the OREO balances. And so the real answer to that question will be how quickly we can bring the OREO balances down, and so the faster we can do that, the more rapid you would see us earn into those benefits. So to remain conservative, we kind of view it right now that it will be a steady sequential kind of lead-in as we continue to improve the credit. And our opportunity to accelerate that would be getting the OREO down faster.
Clarke R. Starnes: I think it definitely declines from here, and we will use -- we'll look at it economically and use every opportunity we can that makes sense for us to bring it down on a more rapid fashion if possible with -- again, the way we think about it is, the big economic decision is if we can get the balances down that will more quickly reduce the future run rate expenses that makes sense to us. So we definitely think it should go down from here.
Clarke R. Starnes: Well, I'll try to answer both parts of that question. I actually spent a good bit of time of last night with folks that run our OREO units and our liquidation groups and asset management areas. And interestingly enough, despite all the challenges out there and uncertainty in the economy, there's still pretty high investor appetite for these assets, in general, and there's plenty of liquidity. And we have plenty of people calling us and have every opportunity we want to sell if the prices make sense. And so what it comes down to mostly is the individual assets are just very market- and project-specific. And so what we're going through right now is looking very deeply at our remaining inventory and looking at the relative cost to carry the risk around that versus the current pricing that's available or might be available. And so what we would look at is a strong bias toward where it makes economic sense for us to be more aggressive in sales if it will have a greater leverage on reducing the run rate. And we -- the good news is we think there's plenty of those opportunities out there. And so we'll just have to take a look at each and every one of them, and hopefully, through that strategy, we would see the balances reduce much faster. I would remind everybody, though, that fourth quarter is a big cleanup period for a lot of players out there, so we know a lot of inventory's out there, and we're not going to participate in dumping assets as low prices just because everybody else is doing it at year end. I would also tell you a positive is that we already have about $100 million under contract, as we speak, for the quarter. So things are going well.
Clarke R. Starnes: Great question, Betsy. I'm -- just remind everybody we have a very methodical ongoing process around revaluations against assets using current appraisals and market intelligence. And right now, about -- our inventory is -- appraisals are within 6 months current, and we actually revalued 25% of the inventory this quarter alone, so it's a constant process. So what you saw us do this quarter with the extra write-downs was specifically look at individual assets, to your point, and try to mark to what we believe was more of a liquidity discounts to clear those at the kind of pace we're talking about. And so that's why you saw the expenses go up a little bit. Had we not done that, it would have sequentially come down. So we think they're marked at a pretty attractive rate right now given our strategy of selling more quickly.
Clarke R. Starnes: We're hopeful that you're going to see similar levels or less. So our whole strategy would be to take in less through title. And through our kind of more aggressive workout strategies on the front end, we'll deal with more of resolving the credits on the front-end level through short sales, note sales, or just workouts with the borrower. So we're going to avoid foreclosure as a last resort. And we think that alone is going to bring those inflows down, given that we're also seeing less inflows to nonaccruing loans anyway.
Clarke R. Starnes: We certainly hope and don't expect that you would see a bounce-up. So the rate of inflows or the rate of decline from there is less certain at this point, but we certainly don't expect it to pop up.
Clarke R. Starnes: Well, again, and we'd mentioned before that in our commercial portfolio based on all the strategies we used, whether it's curing the accounts, whether it's through resolution through asset sale or working it out with the borrower or charge-offs or movements to OREO, all that combination, we need to be under $500 million in commercial inflows to see some organic reduction in the NPAs. And so we certainly are bringing those inflows down and are hopeful and expect them to come down further in Q4. But even if they wouldn't, were not to have come down through the resolution strategies that we're using, we're very comfortable with our guidance of the 5% to 10%.
Clarke R. Starnes: I think one of the biggest things you might be missing in that data that we think about is that we absolutely do not participate in the leveraged lending area, and so that data would include that subset. So if you had intelligence around more of the core lending like we do, we're quite confident that we're moving, and we know we're moving market share because the majority of the credits that we're extending are refi-ing other lenders so...
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. Over time, you will see both net interest income and the FDIC loss share impact both be reduced over time. Now from a number perspective, it might be a little bit lumpy from a quarter-to-quarter basis, but I would say it would probably trend down in the maybe $15 million to $30 million impact per quarter range, but it won't be even. It will definitely be ups and downs there. It's due to the duration of the assets both on the loan side and on the FDIC receivable. But it will start to trend down over the next 3 years as the loss share on the commercial side expires, will be the bulk of it.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. I mean at the end of August, third quarter of '14, and that's when the commercial fund [ph] basically gets cleaned up and then the residential one is another 5 years longer than that. But the bulk of the assets were in the commercial. I would say it would be steady projection down through the third quarter of '14.
Daryl N. Bible: Right now, as the benefit from Colonial runs down, our securities will go up a little bit in the fourth quarter. And we gave you guidance to be right around 4%, a little bit above there. I would say in '12, that will continue to come down, Mike, probably averaging in the year in the $3.90, give or take $0.05, so maybe $3.85 to $3.95.
Daryl N. Bible: Sure, I mean, the 10-year is an indication of how flat the curve is. I mean, for the most part, our bank is priced 5 years and in. You have a couple of assets that are out longer than 5 years. But it is an indication of the flatness of the curve. I mean, the longer the curve stays flat, the more pressure will be on margin. We talked last quarter that we think the first year impact is about 5 basis points to margin. If it stays down for several years, then that's going to continue to put more pressure on margin. But let's just kind of wait and see how long it stays down and how prolonged that is.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. Erica, if you look at our period-end balances at the end of September, we were about $33 billion in securities. We would probably end the year at $35 billion. So we're going to go up a couple more billion, and that's probably going to be the level we're going to stay at throughout 2012, unless there's significant changes in the Basel III liquidity rules. But that's probably where we need to be based upon what we know today.
Daryl N. Bible: Girard, I would say it would probably continue to come down. I wouldn't say it's going to be a -- perfectly decline, but it's going to decline anywhere from $10 million to $15 million every quarter next year, in that neighborhood. I mean, it'll be a little bit lumpy. It won't be exact but in that ballpark.
Daryl N. Bible: Craig, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is I would say the security yields should probably be relatively flat on a link-quarter basis. The main driver is really just closing the gap to get closer to complying with the Basel III liquidity. If you go back a few quarters ago, the LCR ratio definition of what's out there today, we were significantly lower. If you look at our ratio as of the end of September and not knowing how everybody else has done, we're probably in the middle of the pack if not above average right now compared to our peers in the industry. So we've closed the gap significantly in the last quarter or 2.
Daryl N. Bible: Chris, it's all fair value. So all the applications that we took through the pipeline, it's reflected in the third quarter numbers.
