Alan Greer: Thank you, Felicia. And good morning, everyone, and thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the first quarter and provide a look ahead. We also have other members of our executive management team who are with us to participate in the Q&A session; Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Ricky Brown, the President of Community Banking; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referring to a slide presentation during our comments today. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on our website. Before we begin, let me remind you that there may be statements made during the course of the call that express management’s intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T’s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. I refer you to the forward-looking statement warnings in our presentation and our SEC filings. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now I’ll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Kelly. This time we will ask Felicia to come back on the line and explain the Q&A process.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Felicia. And thanks to all of you for joining us. This concludes our call. Thank you and have a good day.
Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So I think you can see why we say it’s our solid quarter, we did have great credit quality. I would point out to you, that in the CCAR fed’s stress test of all the commercial banks that was [first] we had the level [four] jobs and the base net income, projected through that cycle, so that was a very, very good and affirms our high quality credit portfolio. We are building long momentum with these enhanced strategies, we have excellent expense control, we have strong fee income, particularly in insurance which is really material and becoming a very, very positive stores [with their] forward. We do believe the market is improving and while it’s not overly robust it is definitely getting better and we saw a really strong improvement as we headed though the end of the first quarter and we think that will carry out through the rest of the year. So we’re excited about the improvement in market and we’re focused on excellent execution and think we will have really good results as we go forward. Now I will turn it over to Alan.
Kelly King: Well Betsy, that's an obviously good question. To be very honest, coming off of our negative experience last year, my strategy was to be absolutely very conservative and take no risk with regard to this process. As you know and from recent revelations it's a somewhat challenging process. And I just simply did not want to take any risk. Although I will admit that does set up a positive opportunity as we head into ‘15 and that's what we were trying to set up.
Kelly King: Yes. So I think the latter, Betsy will be more likely. We always have the option to go in for special request as circumstances justified. And I will point out that we did say in our application that if we were to get a recovery on the Star transaction that that gives us opportunity with regard to buybacks or special dividends. But more likely, you would find us being more aggressive with some of these strategies to lever up that additional capital. I still think that we have best [pay grade] for our shareholders and that's what we would focus first on.
Kelly King: Gerard I think, we’re all trying to figure kind of where that’s going on, obviously there is nothing going on today except this small in. I don’t think you will see much activity in the near-term, Gerard, but a little bit different with some people I don’t think markets will shutdown forever either. I think as the Fed gets comfortable with to seek our process, banks with strong capital like BB&T and banks frankly don’t part with any systemic risk, we’ll have the opportunity to look at the combinations as we look forward. I think that’s a good healthy long-term thing for BB&T because we’re really good at it. But I just want to always reinforce that when we talk about acquisitions that we are not going to take substantially dilutive acquisitions, we just not want to do it, it’s not helpful to our shareholders that doesn’t mean we won’t look at acquisitions, but we look it along, we have to do much as you know from my tenure as CEO. And so we’ll be very cautious and careful. We’ll keep looking. It’s not out of the question for the long-term, but don’t expect much in the short-term.
Kelly King: Gerard I think that everybody is including the Fed, personal opinion, is trying to figure this out. But what I personally think right now is, up to $500 billion is kind of a clear non-systemic level. I think a trillion and above is clearly systemic. I think going 500 and a trillion nobody kind of knows. But when you go over $500 billion you’re heading into the territory, you’re heading into a question that is more likely to be more pressure on systemic question. So that’s the reason 180 or so we could double and still be the size of U.S. bank. And so we’ve got lots of opportunity before we even get to that kind of a slow if I could say 500 level.
Kelly King: Well, we like everybody are still trying to finalize how we settle that all [incomes]. Your capital level has something to do with your liquidity level and we have all that final numbers there. So, we will be conservative Gerard as you know in capital, but it’s something less than 10 and you know it’s in the 9ish area we think for the current period and what is 9.5 or what is 9, you just kind of ends on how we feel about these other factors.
Kelly King: That is kind of moving around Paul right now, but I would say there has not been a substantial pick up in the activity, but certainly purchase is dramatically versus refi. So, if you look at purchase only as a way out, if you look at the total, it’s not going to drive the total. So, our purchase is about 65% of our product today which is really good, because we think what you did into the spring, it has been a tough winter; people didn’t get out of the houses to look for houses. You get into a spring people could be back out looking for houses despite that our percentage is much higher on purchase as well for some momentum pick up.
Kelly King: Yes. I think that will continue to build as regard we go through the year, again because it is business confidence. By the way, one thing I failed to mention earlier, I think it’s pretty indicative of business confidence. I just read this yesterday, so business survey, and employers expect to have 8.6% more college graduates this year. Last year when they asked them that question, it was 2.1%. So when you look at all these factors, there are clearly a lot of green shoots out there in terms of building momentum.
Kelly King: Well, I don’t think it’s [true] to be honest or get anybody to say that they are going to be holding their expense expectation independent of revenue, because obviously the fixed ratio is the function of expenses and revenue. And so if your revenue were decline a lot, you just say well, I’m going to absolutely hit a certain efficiency target that would -- you could completely destroy your franchise. So, we’re not independent in terms of revenue. However, having said that, as I think about ‘15, I think about revenues to have a positive upward momentum. I think business is really strong. I think margins, it will be better set by more loan demand, more loan demand that you have more opportunity to have a little firmness in pricing. So, as you see all of that, that looks to me like some comfort in terms of positive revenue change and with our really tight focus on expenses which will translate into ‘15. Then I have a lot of comfort in the 56 range and I think as you head into ‘15, you could see a little bit of downward pressure below that.
Kelly King: Yes Keith, we think a lot about that. I would tell you we are not as aggressive as some people are about the eminent [demise] of the branches and everybody just want technology and all that although we do think those are real trends, things just don’t change as fast as lot of people think. But, so we tracked all of that into our acquisition model of the acquiring companies. So, depending on what the state of technology is, if it needs to be rebound we simply build that into our expected investment we have to make. And therefore we would lower the price to generate our desired level of return. So, just because they have dilapidated brand system or have (inaudible) in technology, we’ll not preclude it from doing it, we would just suggest the price.
Kelly King: No, it’s still in the normal kind of process; probably fourth quarter would be our guess. We’ve been surprised, it could have happened earlier, but we would guess fourth quarter.
Kelly King: Yes. So, if those conditions exist, which we fully expect them to, certainly we would expect to apply for more than 30% total payout, absolutely. And so again it’s been very conservative. This year doesn’t give anything away it just keeps it in the pot, makes it available for our subsequent decisions. So as always, we would like to use excess capital to grow organically, like to do acquisitions, do as many being as aggressive as reasonable dividends including the possibility of special dividends. But if none of those seem to be the right decision then buybacks moves out the list in terms of our thinking. But I will remind you that we think about the issue of buybacks more than just reducing our capital. We never go and do a bunch of buybacks that the price still has a bad decision for the shareholders. And so it’s pretty complex decision as you know. But the order priority would be as I described and I think you could reasonably expect us to be more aggressive in some form of fashion as we head into ‘15.
Kelly King: Yes, I would say there is. In two regards, one is in some cases some of the largest metro areas they got to being down the most have a bigger ramp up possibility because of that part being down. And then just a nature of large urban markets is they have more large businesses. And to be honest, the largest businesses in my market and I’m pleased across the country are doing much better today than the small medium-sized businesses are largely because they have international opportunities and they have bigger scale. And so just a mathematical nature of that means there would be more lending opportunities in the larger markets, [let’s] not to say that smaller markets are bad, it's just they are not growing today as fast because they don't have the large international components flowing through these large businesses. On the other hand, I will remind you that one of the reasons we like large and smaller markets, all these markets might not grow as fast in the rising time they don't go down as fast. And so it’s now a really good part of our diversification strategy and we like them both.
Kelly King: Nancy, you have been the best around in terms of really focusing on the markets, specifically the Southeast. I would say, it’s generally broad based. And as I travel around to the Florida or Texas or South Carolina where I have been recently, there is a broad based kind of generic change in mood. And so I think that is not market specific. I think frankly, you and I have talked about how the Southeast is going through a long-term kind of secular change in the nature of Southeast vis-à-vis Northeast. I think the Southeast in general is getting ready to have 10 to 20 years of relatively positive robust improvement, mainly because of something I think most people have focused on, and that is the change in currency value of the retirees wanting to move to Northeast to Southeast. So for 25 plus years, they were facing currency devaluation as the Southeast was growing fast and that market was not growing at all, so they could every year, they could sell their house and buy latest house because the currency went down. That’s exactly flipped, we did a 50% discount on the Southeast and their values haven’t gone down as much. So I think you are going to see some upward push particularly in real estate and related service in places like Florida. The market slot was fighting for a while and they have gaining again, Texas growing 1,000 people a day and so I think it’s across the board and it’s relatively positive.
Kelly King: Yes. I think you are going to see likely more of -- you are seeing more, you will see a continuing trend of branch sell out fast, some of the largest institutions that are having capital issues and/or trying to narrow the product lines and/or market focuses, just like our opportunity coming out of Citi’s decision in Texas is a really good opportunity. Now, it depends on the institution, it depends on the nature of their branch distribution, have they run it in a way this relationship oriented or they’re just trying to push product, not so much the nature of the buildings and the technology but nature of the strategies in the marketplace, like for example the Bank Atlantic acquisition process is really good because while they have some problems on top of the house, they have a really good basic of retail strategy that we’re able to build on. So Texas right now for us that looks very, very good. And I think that will be very good as we go through. If we see other situations like that, we would be very aggressive in looking at it. Certainly one of the advantage of branch acquisition is it eliminates any whole bank risk issues around BSA, AML et cetera. So it’s -- it would be how on our list but not necessarily to the exclusion of whole banks.
Daryl Bible: Yes Paul, this is Daryl. I would tell you that we are talking about our GAAP NIM going down from 352 to 342.
Daryl Bible: I would say approximately half of that amount. So we were 329 on core and we are probably down about 5 on core margin. I think as you look at core margin going forward, it should start to stabilize, but we are just seeing a little bit tighter credit spreads right now in some of our lending categories specifically C&I and prime auto.
Daryl Bible: When we are forecasting our margin right now, we are forecasting current spreads that we’re seeing right now not any further decline. So, we have a nickel going down on core margin next quarter and then it’s starting to stabilize after that quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Just to add to that I would say that our revenue should pick up to be similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. I just did what Kelly said about the purchase and seasonal activity in the second.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Steve, what we’re really focused on is growing our core deposits. As we grow our core deposits that will give us more flexibility on the balance sheet because of the optionality and the betas that we project there. So, I think as we continue to build out and add to that that should kind of offset what we’re seeing on the loan side organically. So, I think core deposits is really the key in the answer, it also helps a lot with our liquidity and just makes it more efficient to meet the liquidity ratios.
Daryl Bible: Okay. So for the net interest margin piece, I’d tell you that we are basically forecasting out from this point flat investment balances. So there is really not any more margin pressure related from the investment portfolio. It’s really due to the just tighter credit spreads that we’re seeing and our volumes that we’re putting on in the loan side. Just for an example if you want to look at our C&I book, C&I, we booked about 5.5 billion new and renewing assets and the average rate on C&I was about a 231. When you look at our CRE, the average rate on the volume that we booked there, little over a 1.2 billion or 1.3 billion was around 4%. So we are seeing a little bit tighter pressures in both of those areas, but overall still really good. And from an asset sensitivity position those tend to be more floating rate, (inaudible) asset that will also help our asset risk position.
Daryl Bible: Our rate forecast right now is for rates to moves in mid ‘15 upward and we will see how that plays out. I would say that our core margin is currently 329; we should end the year in the low 320s. So, I would say it stabilizes there. And probably doesn’t move up until we really get some increases in rates, but hopefully we can get it stabilized in the low 320s.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So if you look at the full year 2014, the net impact will be $120 million of earnings. If you break it into the pieces, interest income is $390 million and FDIC loss share is a negative 270, let's say you get to the 120. When you get into ‘15, the benefit from the purchase accounting comes down dramatically. The net benefit of like $30 million, interest income like $190 million with the $160 million offset. So, it's pretty much out of our run rate as you get into 2015.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Christopher, what I would tell you is that we’re pretty much at the floor on deposit costs. I would maybe forecast maybe a couple of more basis points coming down and that's really coming down in the CD book. I think if you look kind at how we're pricing our now accounts and our MMDA accounts. We're offering very attractive rates and we're getting a lot of good traction in growing both retail and corporate balances in those areas. And I think that’s gained momentum in the community bank area and our large corporate area and I think that's going to play out throughout the year.
Daryl Bible: I think in the short run Nancy what you’re going to see is kind of interesting is you’re going to see some ramp up in prices and existing homes because we’re going to go through a [valley] here of construction because of no lots available. We’ve been through 5 years where we didn’t develop any lots and it takes in many cases 18 months or so to get zoning and all to get the new lots going. So what you’re seeing today is more of the large national builders are moving into bay, the lots are already developed so that they can -- they have the capital and they just have to get the lots. So, you’re going to see upward prices on existing lots, upward prices on existing homes relative to their phenomenon. But simultaneously you will see A&D building because there is a dearth of lots out there. So I think hopefully won’t be as robust as it was in the last 10 years or so before the crisis. But I think you get ready to see a solid development of momentum in A&D and verticals in the single family. And multifamily is still strong. I think it stays strong for next year or so. And then I think as the economics single versus rental costs, you’ll see multifamily plateau. And so we’ll be -- we’re making that shift now, we’re already focusing more on single family A&D and construction to be ready for that intending change.
Clarke Starnes: Hey John this is Clarke, I’ll answer that call. As far as our corporate strategy it’s really aligned around the middle market segment for the industry verticals we follow. So in that regard, we are absolutely winning the high yield leverage sponsored transactions, so really do almost none of that, so most of our focus has been on these verticals. For us the growth is coming out of the area is like our energy group in Texas, REIT portfolios, agro business public finance and really strong in corporate leasing we call it equipment finance. So those are what we are seeing our best opportunities on the commercial middle market. On the CRE side, predominantly multi-family’s [field] both on the construction and the permanent, but we are starting to see some retail, mostly think nice, high quality single tenant deals some office, we’re actually doing a little bit of hotel and some industrial and for the first time in a long time, we also saw some residential home builder construction on very high quality there. And then finally I would say another big focal area for us that was mentioned is dealer [floor] plan has been very, very strong.
Clarke Starnes: Hey Keith, this is Clarke, very good question. What you are seeing for us is consistent with others and that all the higher risk managers have been burning down and that’s where the releases have come from today, as our portfolio is just stabilizing and returning to a more normalized level and we would expect the provision start at some point matching charge-offs and as we grow our portfolio we would have to increase reserves at that point out. So we would certainly not expect the level of releases we’ve seen over the last several quarters as we move forward, but it’s not reflective of any concern at all about asset quality. In fact I would say to Kelly’s point about the CCAR results and our own view of risk we think we have built a very sustainable high quality portfolio and there is nothing in our assumptions about reserves that would indicate any concerns about increased risk at this point.
Clarke Starnes: Kevin, this is Clarke, great question. There is nothing to imply that we necessarily think, there will be a big change. But as we said before, our normalized range based upon the way we’re trying to grow the portfolio and deposit mix what we’ve chosen for our company that that [‘15] would probably through this cycle long-term sustainable (inaudible) certainly if the economy stays strong and as we’re rebuilding early coming out of the older stuff running off then we could be below that range. So we’re just I think being cautious and conservative.
