Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Jess and good morning everyone. Welcome to Truist’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are our Chairman and CEO, Bill Rogers, and our CFO, Mike Maguire. During this morning’s call, they will discuss Truist’s fourth quarter results and share their perspectives on our continued activation of Truist’s purpose, current business conditions and our outlook for 2023. Clarke Starnes, our Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer; Beau Cummins, our Vice Chair; and John Howard, our Chief Insurance Officer, are also in attendance and are available to participate in the Q&A portion of our call. The accompanying presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist Investor Relations website, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on Slides 2 and 3 of the presentation regarding these statements and measures as well as the appendix for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. In addition, Truist is not responsible and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized live and archived webcast are located on our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Bill.
Ankur Vyas: Thanks, Bill. Jess, at this time, if you would explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Ankur Vyas: Stephen, are you there. Maybe, Jess, we go to the next person. See if Stephen can get back in after.
Ankur Vyas: Alright. Thanks Betsy. Jess, it looks like there is not anyone left in the queue, so that completes our earnings call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you all for your interest in Truist. We hope you have a great day. Jess, you can now disconnect the call.
Bill Rogers: Great. Thanks Mike. Continuing on Slide 19, the fourth quarter was a strong finish to a year that was strategic and financial turning point for Truist. The pivot from integrating to operating is real, it’s palpable and it can be evidenced across a number of dimensions. Loan production in the fourth quarter was near the highest it’s been at Truist. This is despite some intentional reductions in certain consumer categories. Commercial Community Bank loan and deposit production in both the fourth quarter and full year was the strongest we’ve had at Truist. Importantly, left lead relationships within CCB were up 36% in 2022, reflecting our increased strategic relevance and advisory capabilities with clients. Branch deposit and checking unit production in the fourth quarter increased 24% and 8%, respectively, compared to the year-ago quarter as teammates became more confident with processes and systems, but also improved solutions and capabilities. Our wealth line of business has had three consecutive quarters of adding net new advisers, and organic asset flows continue to be positive. Integrated relationship management activity across the company gained momentum throughout the year as a result of more focus, increased alignment and improved reporting as we ended the year with a 16% increase in qualified referral activity, excluding mortgage relative to 2021. Average client satisfaction scores for retail and small business banking are ascending and in the fourth quarter reached their highest levels of for the year in key areas that include our branches, call centers, retail digital experiences and small business. Our digital app ratings ended the year as one of the leaders in our peer group after starting near the bottom. The financial benefits of this momentum can be seen with the fourth quarter operating leverage being the strongest of the year and adjusted PPNR building each quarter. So to conclude on Slide 20, our fourth quarter results reaffirm that Truist is on the right path, and I’m highly optimistic about our ability to realize our significant post-integration potential to summarize our investment thesis. Our goal financially has produced strong growth and profitability and to do so with less volatility than our peers. 2023 will be our first full year as Truist with zero integration activity, and our priorities are very clear: Core execution to actualize Truist and our purpose, harvesting IRM opportunities, continuing to digitize and automate our processes and operations and maintaining a strong profitability profile. We will also raise the bar on ourselves, focusing on the KPIs that drive total shareholder return and ensuring executive compensation targets reflects our potential, not just our business mix. While economic uncertainty remains high, Truist is in a position of strength across a broad range of outcomes because of our diverse business mix, conservative credit culture, balanced approach to interest rate risk management, strong profitability profile and our strong risk-adjusted capital position and most notably, our significant performance momentum as we continue to shift from integration to executional excellence and purposeful growth. Ankur, let me turn it back over to you and begin the Q&A.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Yes, Mike, let me start with the last one first. Yes, they are all done. So we’re – excuse me, entering the year with positive aspect of not sort of having those adjustments every quarter to talk about. And then as it relates to the confidence in our guidance, there is a lot of market uncertainty. So we have to accept that. I mean there is – things could change the inflation, what are clients going to be doing, but we know a lot of our own internal momentum. We talked about – I mean, your analogy of first, second or third or fourth. I don’t know how any gears a Corvette has, but we continue to grind through that. So we have our own momentum that we’re creating. And you saw that in some of the production numbers. I think you see that in some of the deposit betas. You see that in terms of our ability to, I think, outperform both in the asset and liability performance of our company as well as in the stability of some of the fee businesses. We’ve got a great insurance business. We’ve got great momentum within our investment banking business. It isn’t just market-driven. I mean these are also relationships that we’re developing with our commercial core businesses. So we’re expanding our capabilities and our prowess. So while there are headwinds and we accept those and understand those, we have enough of our own tailwinds. I sort of call it, the Truist tailwind. That’s just our increased performance, our increased capacity. And when offset those Mike, that’s what gives me the confidence in the guidance is I can feel enough tailwinds to know that we can offset some of the headwinds that we may be facing.
Bill Rogers: Yes, Mike, I mean, I think, one, I respect the question, but I think you’ve got to respect that as it relates to specific market rumors or speculation, I just can’t comment on that. But I can comment on the fact that we really like the insurance business. And we’ve been in the insurance business for a long time. Just celebrated its 100th year anniversary. So that was sort of cool. We’ve been supporting the insurance business from acquisitions. So they have been able to grow both, I think, very competitively from organic and inorganic basis, but it’s also a consolidating business. We want to make sure that we’re always providing the right level of support for that insurance business to continue to grow and continue to be really valuable contribution for our shareholders.
Bill Rogers: And again, it’s Bill. The only thing I’d add is just the strength of our deposit franchise. So you said I asked about our relative deposit beta performance. But we’re really experiencing what we hope we would experience as Truist. We’re sitting in great markets. We’ve got a 21% average share, our competitors’ mainly large banks. We’ve introduced some great new product capability in Truist One. Our branch production’s up. Our teammates are really doing a great job, the ubiquity of presence, the ability to amortize your marketing and be more effective. So our just strength of our overall deposit franchise is starting to manifest itself and show itself of what we thought we could create and create at Truist.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Matt, our priorities remain the same in terms of the top four priorities. The first is to continue to invest in our business. And we’ve seen a lot of opportunity to do that. I mean you’ve seen the asset growth in our business and RWA growth, and we feel really good about the opportunities to invest in that. The second is to have a secure and growing dividend base. That’s important to our – both our institutional and our retail shareholders. So that’s a critical. And then the third is M&A opportunities, inorganic opportunities. And you’ve seen we’ve been active. They have been – some have been smaller by nature, but we’ve seen opportunities to enhance our businesses mostly in the insurance business, but also on the technology side and some capability side and some talent side that we’ve added in those areas. And then the fourth is the – is share repurchase. And for us, that just hasn’t been as big a priority because we’ve done a lot in the first three of those priorities. And as it relates to target, I mean, we’ve been sort of careful to say we really – we like where we’re operating right now. So we think we have got the capacity to do the things we need to do. We think given our risk profile, given our stress adjusted risk profile, we think we’re in a really strong position from a capital perspective. But also, as Mike noted in his comments, we accrete. If you think about our earnings profile, but also the fact that our MOE expenses come off, we are sort of in a unique position to accrete capital. So, we will accrete about 25 basis points worth of capital. We have been using some of that for those first two, three priorities that we talked about. So, I think on balance, we will probably see capital increase, but we are comfortable that we have got enough capital to execute our strategies and support our businesses.
Bill Rogers: I don’t want to answer a hypothetical lottery question because we are not lottery ticket buyers. That’s not part of our strategy. I think we have got that’s really based on, can we support our businesses long-term. And can we provide the capital they need to grow. And we are going to use all of our strategies and all of our capabilities to ensure that we are supporting businesses and their growth.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Ebrahim, again, I am not going to comment on sort of where we are from a speculative standpoint, other than to say, we love the insurance business. We want the insurance business to grow. We have done, I am staring at John, probably 100 acquisitions over time. So, we have got a really good framework in assisting that business to grow. But as I mentioned in my earlier comments, it is a consolidated business. So, we want to make sure that we have got all the flexibility and capability to create capital and support all of our businesses and their growth.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Great question. And one of them I talked about just a minute ago was the deposit franchise. So, the scale, and the ubiquity, and the size, and the prowess that we have in our markets, I think is a distinct advantage and you see that. The other component of that is the markets that we are in. So, not only is it scale, but at scale in the right places. So, we have markets that I think will sustain sort of any economic environment with higher beta to the upside and a lower beta to the downside, so, in markets where we have a lot of in-migration versus out-migration and business development and growth. So, that’s one component. You mentioned the capital markets side, and I have talked about the community bank, the prowess that we have seen there, 36% increase in left leads and those type things. That comes from scale. That comes from an ability to be more relevant to our clients, to have discussions with them that we weren’t having before, to be more strategic and to be in that left lead spot versus that right lead spot. And we all know the economics of that. I mean the economics are multiples of where you are in the spectrum. So, our relevance is not only related to our scale, but also related to our product and capabilities. We have tried to sort of put a number on that. And I would say sort of back-of-the-envelope kind of math, I mean it’s at least 10% of some of the growth that we have seen in our investment banking business, we could attribute to being more scale-oriented, again, not taking outsized positions, but taking positions that are on the left versus the right and the economics that come along with that. And then everything to do with all the operations and efficiency, so, everything to do with the base that we operate from. We just had more opportunity to create more efficiency. So, when we do something that has previously had tens of millions of dollars of impact. Today, it can have $50 million and $60 million of impact because you are doing it across a bigger base and a bigger capability. The ability to negotiate better contracts with our providers and our partners and we saw a lot of that in the merger. Our ability to go in and be more relevant and more important to them, get terms that we think better reflect that. Mike, what else am I forgetting in that list because it’s a long list, I mean it’s a great question and one we probably ought to talk more about.
Bill Rogers: Consumer side, I mean on the consumer side, it is normalizing and in some cases, normalized to where we are right now. So, you do start to see some of that. We have done a lot of work looking at sort of our lower-income borrowers and some of the challenges that they may be facing from inflation. Maybe they are not facing it today, but that’s starting to build as they start to withdraw a little more deposits. So, it is more of a prospective thing than a current thing and we are all trying to find the right calibration of where things might land. And we don’t want to undershoot that runway. I mean we want to be conservative. We want to be appropriate and think through all the risk that could exist in the portfolio.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Betsy, I think I would say it maybe a little bit differently. And I think Mike was trying to make this point. I mean we are sort of – if you look at sort of NII for the fourth quarter, and we are assuming that sort of stable through the year. So, that’s the big driver. I mean if you think about what’s the big bus and the revenue guidance, it’s NII being stable. And that’s not loan growth at the kind of revenue numbers. I mean the loan growth is going to pull back a little bit. Some of that’s going to be intentional on our part. A lot of it’s going to be return-oriented, just making sure that we have got really, really great relevance with our clients. And in some cases, the fee business is we expect to be up. We expect insurance to be up. We expect it to continue in its sort of high-single digit organic growth. We still have some inorganic momentum from some of the acquisitions we have gotten. We expect investment banking to actually return and increase its revenue growth. That will probably be a little more back-end weighted in fairness, but as we see where markets come out. But the big driver is sort of the NII fourth quarter where we are and that moving forward on a stabilized basis. That’s the biggest driver.
Bill Rogers: Yes. I will do it at a high level. I mean it will be – continue to be slightly down. So, I mean I think that’s – that trend will continue. I think on a relative basis, we are showing deposit betas that are more reflective of our opportunity. And as the costs continue to grow, I mean deposit betas will increase. Mike, I don’t know if you want to comment sort of specifically how we are thinking about that.
Mike Maguire: Ken, it’s Mike. I’ll take that one. I guess starting with the last question on the rate curve. Our outlook is that we will see two rate hikes in the first quarter, 25 a piece in February and March and see a policy rate stable until November, where we would expect a cut, which obviously, at the end of the year, probably doesn’t have much of an impact on our NII perspective. Breaking revenue for the year into two components. From an NII perspective, the way I’d think about it is we obviously had really strong growth in 2022. The second half, in particular, also had very nice margin expansion. So we have a really nice exit velocity from an NII perspective. We believe we have a little bit of asset sensitivity left. So we do have the opportunity to realize some of the upside of the hikes in the first quarter and we will have, as Bill mentioned, slowing loan growth. But those two factors combined, we think, give us a stable outlook for Q1 NII. And then for the rest of the year, that we believe we will stay relatively stable, some pressure on the NIMs offset by some modest amount of loan growth. On a year-over-year basis, just given the average loan growth that we would expect that will be, we think, a very nice growth. And frankly, we will drive the majority of the growth potential in the revenue guide. From a fee perspective, I think a couple of puts and a few takes. We expect to continue to have good performance from the insurance business, which is growing nicely on an organic basis as well as realizing the full benefit of the acquisitions that we completed in 2022. Our investment banking business, we believe, has some potential to benefit from improvements in market conditions, probably more likely in the second half than the first half. And then I think we will have a little bit of pressure. We would expect there to be pressure on the on the residential mortgage business as well as the service charges and overdraft fees on deposits.
Mike Maguire: Yes, Ken. I’ll take that one again. Look, I’ve been very pleased by how the betas have performed so far. They have outperformed our expectations on a pretty consistent basis. We obviously are seeing some acceleration of rate pursuing behaviors and seeing pressures on balances as well, uncharted territory in many respects. We think we will get through the last cycle, perhaps even high 30s, approaching and even hitting 40% by the time we’re to the last hike.
Mike Maguire: Sure. In ‘23, I believe the annualized M&A impact is $127-or-so million. So, that’s about 1% of that growth. You recall in the guide, we talked about these four components that were – where we have quite a bit of visibility into and frankly, not much flexibility, and that’s the pension, the M&A impact, the annualized impact of minimum wage and the FDIC expense. And those components in the aggregate are about 4%. Hope that helps.
Mike Maguire: Yes. I think it’s been moving more relevant on capabilities, more relevant on size. You are seeing it in the results, whether it would be the ability to manage expenses.
Mike Maguire: Yes. Sure, Gerard. As we look into ‘23, I think a couple of factors. One, we – obviously, 2022 was a year where we had outsized, particularly in the second half, loan growth and net interest margin expansion, which obviously was a great tailwind on the revenue side. As we look into ‘23, we expect to continue to have nice growth from a year-over-year perspective, but we are expecting that NII trend to really stabilize. And frankly, we are going to begin to experience some pressure on the NIM side probably in the second quarter. From an expense perspective, we also mentioned, there are a few just structural expenses that are in the plan for ‘23 that when combined, add up to about 4% year-over-year change. We obviously intend to make investments beyond those four categories in our clients and our teammates and in other strategic investment priorities. But that structural expense growth is there. So, again, we feel good about that sort of 2% with upside operating leverage guide and feel good about our – frankly, our revenue guide as well. So, hopefully, that’s helpful to you.
Mike Maguire: Yes. We mentioned in an earlier question that we see betas increasing. Whether they reach the 40% level or not, we will see. I would say the other trend, Betsy, which is consistent with what others are expecting and what’s consistent with our expectation is we are still seeing a remixing from DDA and interest-bearing so that makes sense. And we are still well above where we were sort of pre-stimulus. We were in the high-20s, 28%, 29%. We peaked during the sort of height of stimulus in the 35.5%, 36%. We are back at like 34% right now and going to 33% and probably approaching 30% over time. And I think, Bill, you hit it right. I mean I think we are seeing some deposit balance pressure in the aggregate and we would expect that to continue in 2023, perhaps moderate a bit.
