Kelly King: Thanks Daryl. So, just to hit a couple of points that Daryl made and sum it. I think it was a really solid performance organically. As I said, we had excellent strategic execution, outstanding credit quality, capital and liquidity, positive revenue forecast, expense efficiency opportunity. And it’s a tough environment, but overall for BB&T actually we’re pretty excited about the future. So let’s go Alan to Q&A.
Kelly King: So Betsy, the cost saves goes essentially here up [ph] in fourth quarter look what we had though, but I’d say that the cost saves will start occurring immediately and will be pretty basically completed by the end of ‘16.
Kelly King: It will be a negative curve linear. [Ph] I mean it will come off fast early on and then slower as you go towards the end of the year.
Kelly King: Absolutely. Betsy, based on what we know now versus what we knew when we announced that thing and having spent a lot of time out there, I’d be marginally more positive than I was to start with. This is just a -- it’s a really good company and the great markets, the receptivity of that company has been outstanding. Cultural integration is really smooth. So, it will be a great merger.
Kelly King: Gerard, we’ve said for some time now that of course our M&A strategy is a supplement to our organic growth strategy and it remains so. I consistently say we would like to do 5% to 10% of our asset size in good quality acquisitions; we did that this year with Bank of Kentucky and Susquehanna. So that’s $10 billion to $20 billion in a year, I feel confident in that same category range for next year. There are a number of institutions, let’s just say in the $5 billion to $20 billion the range that I think are considering their strategic opportunities and may present some availabilities. The fact that there may be some other competitors out there to me is not something I have spent a lot of time worrying about. The partners that we talk to are ones that we’ve known a long time and our cultures are very, very similar, our strategies are similar. And so I think that -- I mean there are some great other competitors out there in terms of acquiring companies and we won’t get them all; we don’t want them all. So, I think there’s a very high probability that’s going be what we like to do.
Kelly King: So, Gerard, the way this works, it won’t be specifically around acquisitions. The efficiencies in the system, currencies, [ph] when you really put all the technical out of the GO [ph] out through all, they have disparate systems and when you’re drawing information in to the GO CCAR purposes and other management purposes, the host of information becomes much more seamless and efficient. So, it’s not specific but it doesn’t mean when you do an acquisition, you are more efficient. But as Daryl said, we’ll continue to peel that out and it will take a little while before we get to the optimum state. But it is definitely a long-term efficiency improvement.
Kelly King: John, just one point John and then Chris can take a point. On revenue, they have a really good start retail strategy. So, we won’t change that dramatically frankly. But the two big areas are going to be huge left, one is in corporate where we have a broader range of products and larger size, these two larger deals that they couldn’t do, and then others as well, which Chris will talk about.
Kelly King: Well, it’s actually going to be -- it actually could be a bit more than it. let me if I could just step back again and sort of read to the concept of why we did this because I think it’s pretty important. We had two businesses, one American Coastal which we disposed off, we owned 100% of and then AmRisc which is a faster growing business, we own just a little less than half but have control. So, given we have control, we already have consolidated 100% of their numbers into ours. So, you won’t see a move up at the top line from AmRisc, what you will see, to Daryl’s earlier point, is you’ll see a reduction in controlling interest which thereby means we will report more profitability out of that business by like amount. So, don’t expect to see any improvement or increase in revenues as a result of AmRisc, although it is a higher margin business and is a faster growing business, and it is critical to the long-term piece of our enterprise because it interacts directly with our wholesale business and we’re the second largest wholesaler in the country. So, it was integral to the long term franchise to repayment. Unlike an underwriting business that frankly is not to have but it presented risk. Then actually the benefit of moving Am Coastal out is it reduces risk. So to answer your question, it’s actually about 140 million revenue company that would come out in terms of Am Coastal. And all I was saying earlier is that in last quarter’s guidance, we did not know when it was going to close. So, we actually closed it June 1st. And so we have about 11 million in revenue this quarter and then it will drop in the third quarter we think about total revenue about 13% or so percent. And about 10% of that would be Am Coastal. Thereafter fourth quarter we bought [ph] back up in the 7.5% we 8.5% range.
Kelly King: So, how we see it -- that is exactly right, we see it being sort of a dilutive, penny year one; roughly flattish year two and then growing thereafter. Because keep in mind, it’s directly tied to the second largest wholesaler in the country, so very critical long-term.
Kelly King: So Stephen remember that we’ve said consistently that our strategy with regard to capital deployment is our organic growth, dividends, M&A and then adjusted forward buyback. We did have request and was approved for about $820 million or so of buyback and/or alternative uses of capital in our CCAR plan. We did recently have the board approve 50 million shares of that so we have functionally approved. But we actually consider what we do buyback on a day to day kind of basis based on our projection of acquisition opportunities. And frankly, the price of our stock and return in terms of applying stock backs. So, we can’t tell you what that decision will be, the decision we will be making on a real time basis based on opportunities as they present themselves.
Kelly King: We said at the beginning of the year that we are not going to be spending as much time talking about efficiency ratio, just probably as you pointed out, it’s [indiscernible] kind of question. And when you get so tightly focused on that one number, it gets to be misleading often times because it moves up or down based on what happens to the expenses and/or the revenues. So generally, right now though what’s happening to us is that our expenses are elevated as we talked about all along in terms of our systems investments, risk management investments and some pre-investments with regard to some of the M&A activity. So all of that’s kind of driving some of your expenses up. And so what we think now in terms of the general level of efficiency ratio given what I said in terms of the -- and ability to be real precise about it is that it’s kind of peaked. And we think as we hit through next year, it will be slowly coming down. We still have an intermediate term target of 55% and we feel confident we’ll be move ahead in that direction as we heads towards the end of next year.
Kelly King: Well, the approval is basically based on kind of how you earn the capital. So, we -- those spread on a linear basis over the course of the year. But we have availability in the current quarter to do buybacks if we choose to. And as I said earlier, it’s a function of our expectations around investment opportunities and our evaluation of our price relative to return in terms of acquiring our own stock. So, you’re not going to be able to judge precisely exactly what we’ll be able to do with that because we’re not going to tell you exactly. We don’t know exactly, it moves along. So what we really have to do is to judge the probabilities of investment opportunities and that’s not a science; this is more of an art. And I’m optimistic over the next 12 months or so we’ll do -- have additional investment opportunities. Whether or not they coincide in a timeframe such that it would preclude us doing buybacks or not is we’re unable to tell at this point.
Kelly King: Yes, Nancy, I suppose between some of the commentary you heard, I would be -- where I have been which kind of in the middle of the road, nothing -- economy has done a really solid 2% to 5% -- I mean, 2% to 2.5% real GDP growth. I see very little risk of any downside on that. I see very little opportunity, it could be substantially better than that until we get closer to election math, you get some real positive leadership information out of DC and there is some upside opportunity. But for the next 12 months, I think you will be pretty solidly focused on 2% to 2.5%, which is actually pretty good for you. This is nominal at about 4.5% to 5%, in terms of motion as a whole. I think [indiscernible] Nancy can probably beat that a bit because you’re not talking about every year, this actually clearly took it on the chin. And everything go devalued but it has been -- values have been reset; activity slows and Florida back to grow and 800 people a day, including Texas, 1,000 people a day, but Atlanta’s [ph] turned finally and the coastal markets of Carolina have tuned. So, I’d say the Southeast will be net positive to the national growth rate, not dramatically but if the national is 2.5%, I wouldn’t be a bit surprised to see the Southeast has 3.5%.
Kelly King: I think it will be steady to slightly up. The refinance, it is kind of last of that, I think, that’s on dramatic international events. But look, purchase activity is really picking up; new home construction is up substantially and new home purchases is up; we’re seeing a shift toward high percentage of purchases versus refis. So I think, you can think about it in terms of the steady to up, not dramatic up, steady to up.
Daryl Bible: Yes. We’re still targeting 3% what we originally said and we’ll just see once we close on Susquehanna and see how we go forward and see how the loan portfolio performs and how we can efficiently find ways to run the company at future points.
Daryl Bible: I think the earning assets should pretty much be what we told you. On the liability side, we are extinguishing the Federal home loan bank advances and you’ll see us starting to call some of their trust preferred and other sub debt obligations as we’re allowed to get those calls. So those will come off the balance sheet to help with run-rate.
Daryl Bible: I would say that the newer systems down the road could give us some expense savings. We’re still trying to get all the general ledger to be connected to the SAP system, there are other pieces that we’re adding on to it this year and into next year. I would say that just -- opportunities that will walk you [ph] right away.
Daryl Bible: John, when we bring Susquehanna in, we’re going basically mark-to-market the balance sheet. So, in essence, their loans and their deposits come over to our company. Our best guess is core remains stable and then when interest rates start to rise, when the Fed starts raising and our core gets some expansion. We do get GAAP accretion on purchase accounting with Susquehanna, that’s in the neighborhood of over two quarters; that will be 8 to 12 basis points.
Daryl Bible: The other thing to remember is that the whole business is gone. So, it’s not just revenue that correlates, it’s expenses; it’s earnings. So, I think in short term, it be might dilutive a penny or so but long term, AmRisc was growing a lot faster, American Coastal was more of a stable cash cow company. So, we think over the next couple of year, we’ll actually turn from being slightly dilutive to being accretive.
Daryl Bible: So, I mean if you look at the expenses, we noted in our deck that expenses were up due to our higher key businesses which tend to pay out higher incentives, so that would be in mortgage, Grandbridge and investment banking. So, that’s a big driver. On a year-over-year basis AmRisc kind of washes other out. we did have higher cost in our healthcare oriented. And if you look at pension on a year-over-year basis, that’s higher. So those are probably the main drivers. We also have Citi and Bank of Kentucky that came in. Those actually are adding not just FTEs there but they do have other run rate expenses. When I look at the delta, I look at more on a linked quarter than on a year-over-year quarter but on a linked quarter it’s about 9 million higher but absolutely in the second quarter it’s about 12 million just Bank of Kentucky and Citi so far and cost us more expenses in the second quarter before we start getting cost savings from Bank of Kentucky.
Daryl Bible: Paul, we still have a little over $2 billion of what I would call long-term federal home bank advances that have average cost of over 4.5%. Right now the plan is to keep those on the books unless we have other opportunities to offset that. I think you saw us do a debt issuance as well. So, we’re still keeping long fixed rate but we re-price the long-term debt down well over to 200 basis points.
Daryl Bible: I would say it was really driven more by cost saves. We do have fee income increasing over a five year time period but I would say the accretion out of the blocks in the first year or two is really more driven by cost saves, Vivek. And that over time is [indiscernible] thing and community bank and for us to get it perform the BB&T standards and we really get higher lift in lending as well as in our fee income areas.
Daryl Bible: For Susquehanna -- Bank of Kentucky really doesn’t have a huge amount of purchase accounting. So I’ll just deal with mainly Susquehanna. I would say that with the credit mark that we have which is about 4.5%, there will be approximately little under $600 million of accretable purchase accounting income that basically goes through net interest income over the life of the assets. At the same time though, we will have more loans that we take losses on and those loans will increase provision. And the timing won’t necessarily match up. It’s too early to say what the losses will be in the Susquehanna portfolio but know that we pretty much locked down the $580 million over life of the assets to call it five plus years. But it would be more earlier on and then it would tell off towards the end of the five-year period. And the losses could be sporadic over that same time period. The other thing to note is the portfolio of Susquehanna has to put it on the book; doesn’t have an allowance to it. As new volume comes on from Susquehanna we have to provide for an allowance there. That’s why we are talking about potential growth impact also of that portfolio on the provision.
Daryl Bible: We have higher deposit balances, so our clients are carrying larger balances now on hand, which seems they pay less in fees and just more with compensating balances.
Chris Henson: This is Chris Henson, I’d be happy to do that. It is a bit confusing. Last time I think mentioned we would be up about 3.3%; we did not at that time have approval to move forward American Coastal. So that happened subsequent to that guidance. So in fact what happened, what you should kind of look forward in third quarter is you would see fee income insurance drop in the 13%, 14% range, about 10% of that would be tagged to the loss of American Coastal, the balance would be seasonal. And then from there, you should see fourth quarter sort of moving up in 7.5% to 8.5% range to finish off the year. So, you have overall loss of revenue due to American Coastal in 2015 would be in the 90 million 92 million kind of range. So what you ended up with is seasonality. Those introduced just a bit more seasonality into the picture. On a go forward basis, if you were to kind of rerun this over ‘15 numbers and assuming the deal happened first quarter comparing with the deal, without a deal, look at pure seasonality. First and second quarter are going to be relatively flat, maybe a 1% or so different. In a typical seasonality on a go forward basis, you’re going to be down in the third -- in the 8.5% kind of range and you should be up in the 4%, 5.5%, 6.5% kind of range, something like that. So, seasonality in insurance will be relatively flat with first a little stronger, first and second, then it falls in the third and then fourth quarter will be back up.
Chris Henson: John, there is two I’ll focus on, insurance and wealth. They have a retail insurance franchise called Addis Insurance and so we’ll be converting that over in early fall. And that will give us a good beachhead start. And we typically don’t get in these type acquisitions. And then we will look to acquire our way in and around their footprint. So we clearly have upside revenue there; timing is uncertain. We’re already beginning to talk to potential opportunities over there. Secondly, we have a really nice opportunity in wealth. They had two subs, ones is Valley Forge that will plug into our wealth insurance business and we’ll bring all of our products to them, to be able to deliver to the client, which I think is really helpful. And then they have a business called Stratton Management, this is asset management. We will plug that into our serving capital business. And we think a lot of opportunity again to provide more distribution to our company to help them move more far. So there are couple of additional good opportunities we believe.
Chris Henson: I think it is largely consumer behavior. I mean clients have more access to information technologically and their overgrowing list and…
