Alan Greer: Thank you, Debbie and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. On today’s call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the second quarter and provide some thoughts for next quarter. We also have other members of our executive management team, who are with us to participate in the Q&A session: Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management’s intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T’s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. You may refer to Page 2 and the appendix of the presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP results. And now, I will turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Kelly. Operator, at this time, if you could come back on the line and explain how our listeners may participate in the Q&A session
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Debbie, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. If you have further questions, please don’t hesitate to contact Investor Relations. This concludes our call. We hope you have a good day.
Kelly King: Thanks, Daryl. So let me also provide my summary. As I said, I think it’s a solid quarter, record revenue and earnings, good expense control and really much improved returns. We are having excellent execution on our key revenue strategies. We have improving and growing loan portfolios. We have excellent Specialized Lending performance, and our insurance business is doing very, very well. We are very energized about reconceptualizing our systems and processes through AI and robotics and other techniques. We are laser- focused on expense management. Main Street is alive, and we believe our best days are ahead.
Kelly King: I think it’s the peaking out and defining of the BSA/AML, but it’s also the other projects. Clip is our big commercial loan project that we’ve been working on for last two years. We did that conversion July 2 or 3. It’s gone extremely well largely, but that will be tailing off. And then, as I said, we’re being more aggressive with regard to branch closings. I think right now, we’ll be 130 plus in branch closings this year. And we are taking an enterprise-wide look, Betsy, at every area that we’re doing business in. We believe we have been through eight years of having to deal with an extreme amount of micro management regulatory pressure. We believe that is lifting. And we are going to be focusing on how to run our business based on what makes sense to us. And so I’m challenging everybody to go back and reconceptualize their business and, frankly, be prepared to run their businesses with less resources.
Kelly King: I’m talking about peaking generally for the franchise for two different reasons. The ones that Daryl referred to are peaking because the projects are moving through completion status, and that includes our general ledger and our commercial loan system, our new data center and then there will be BSA, and all of those kind of project-related. The other is we’re rationalizing the cost structure in our branch network. That’s a tailwind for us in terms of controlling expenses in the branch network. And then broadly across the company, as I indicated earlier, we believe there’s an opportunity to get all of our expense structures more efficient as we move from the last eight years of intense regulatory pressure to where we believe we’re going to have a more reasonable regulatory environment going forward. And that is going to give us the opportunity to take a fresh look at all of the things we do across the organization and find better ways to do what we do, find ways to eliminate things that we’re doing that we don’t really need to do. We’re going to go – we’re going to basically go back to the future. We’re going to go back and run the bank the way we think it ought to be run and eliminate all of the nonessential stuff that’s been added during this period of time.
Kelly King: Absolutely. Fed balance sheet restructuring has nothing to do with Main Street. It has nothing to do with BB&T.
Kelly King: No, John. The only thing is you know us, we tend to be kind of conservative. In fact, the most recent information I got last night would suggest to me that the 3% would be more like a reasonable number. But you guys ask us to hang guidances out there, and then you come back and hang us if we miss it. So we tend to want to be a little conservative. And you got some – yes, I get that. We love you for it. So yes, your evaluation would be accurate. Everything we’re seeing in terms of commentary from the client, this is I’m getting from talking to our lenders. I’m getting it from talking to the business people. I’ve had 23 lunches where I’m sitting and talking to six to eight business people over the last few months. I’ve gotten this across our entire footprint. I’ve got a pretty good feel what the clients are directly saying. I’ve got a really good feel of what our production people are saying. And I’ve got a good feel for what the actual pipeline shows. All of that is very, very positive. And can I guarantee that all the craziness in Washington will not derail that? No. But I’ll be honest with you as I’ve talked to business people out there, they’re not worried about all this craziness going on in Washington. They’re just focusing on growing their business. Now I will say I think they are expecting a tax reduction deal and, to a lesser degree, they’re counting on infrastructure. But if we get the tax reduction deal, they’ll continue. So what they’re doing today is what I call replenishment investment. So for 8 years, they’ve not been investing. They’re driving trucks for 300,000 miles, they’re using 20-year-old equipment. They kind of got to do something or shut their business down. The changes of late have given them a level of optimism causing them to go ahead and do different replenishment investment. Then if we get tax reform, I believe we’ll go into an expansion investment where they’ll be able to grow their plant, add more trucks and add more associates. And so I think that most likely is we’ve been pretty conservative, and we’ll see next quarter how a prognosticator I am.
Kelly King: Let me give you a general comment. So we’ve spent about over $80 million this year in terms of developing this program. As I said, we’re about through with that. Now a lot of the $80 million is just the consultants and all of the work of building the program. That will kind of go away, but then you do have to run the program that you just built. That won’t go away. So for example, if I had to guess right this minute, I’d say of the $80 million, $50 million to $60 million will stay and $20 million to $30 million will go. It’s hard to know exactly because we have to evaluate the responses from the regulators, et cetera, but it’s very expensive to build these programs, whether it’s a commercial loan system or AML/BSA programs. They’re expansion to build takes a lot of consulting expense, takes a lot of our time. All that is going away. So I think that you would definitely see it peaking and going down. I think it will be going down at a major, consistent pace over the next 4, 5 quarters, and then you’ll find the new norm.
Kelly King: And so Marty, you just need to think about the public funds balances largely as a substitute for other forms of short term, non-core funding. And we move those around just like we do short-term funding. And the good news is our core fundings are going really, really well. And the fact that we can let some of the others run down is just a real positive story, not a negative story.
Kelly King: So Marty, the reason is, number one, we have the excess capital today. We don’t need it, and we think returning it to the shareholders as quick as possible makes sense. I’m certainly never going to own these cost project what our stock price is going to do, but I’m quite happy to do an accelerated repurchase of these funds at their current prices.
Kelly King: Well, Marty, I would say, don’t make the mistake of trying to apply your really well-developed sense of logic and rationality to this whole area of what we’re doing and everybody else is doing with regard to this. If you and I ran the whole country with regard to this, we’d figure out a dramatically more efficient way to deal with this, but that’s something we obviously can’t control. So yes, we’re doing exactly what the regulators tell us to do. And we get some benefit, yes, because the system we’re developing is better. It will allow us – I mean, one of the things, while you’re looking for tariffs, you’re also looking for fraudulent type of transactions. And your system being made more efficient, I think Clarke will get to some lift with regard to that.
Kelly King: Yes, so I think what Secretary Mnuchin came out with is a really, really good blueprint of kind of what the regulators ought to be moving towards. And I would say, Gerard, the most important thing is what most people don’t focus on. The most important thing he basically said is we ought to kind of let the banks run the banks, and we need to get the regulators out of micromanaging, I’m paraphrasing, but micromanaging the banks. There are enormous benefits for us and everybody else when we move down that road because we have just added in so many micromanagement types of processes and systems that have been required that are not productive, that I think the Secretary understands as a former banker. And as a smart person, I think he understands that is ineffective for the banking system, and I think he understands it’s hurting the banking system and is, therefore, hurting the economy. So the biggest thing, in general, that if they can – if they will follow through, the regulators will follow through and remove themselves from micromanaging the banks, get back to where it’s always been for most of my career where they looked at the most important issues like capital adequacy and profitability and liquidity and the thing that regulators always look at. And I think if we go down that road, this could be substantially more profitable for us. The other thing that he focused on, which is really important, is it will allow the banks to improve lending. One – if you know that the – everybody tends to ask why is the economy not running more than 1.5%, 2% the last eight years. It’s not surprising. It’s mathematical. I mean, when you go through and you dramatically increase the capital, you dramatically increase the liquidity and you dramatically change the cost pressure of the bank so that they take money away from trying to grow loans into [indiscernible], you get less loan growth. And so – and that not only affects the banks, but it affects the businesses. The businesses out there have not been willing to borrow because, and I’ve said this on many, many of these calls, when you talk to them over these last eight years, they have said I’m not going to borrow a nickel because of taxes, regulation, Obamacare, et cetera, et cetera. And so number one, the businesses – remember, they’re dealing with regulatory bodies beyond us, think EEOC, DOL, EPA, et cetera, et cetera, all of those agencies have been putting undue pressure on those businesses. So when it all whitens up, you’ll see the businesses more willing to borrow, you’ll see the banks have more capacity to lend and you’ll see the banks more able to lend because we have more time to lend because we’re doing less minutia. The other thing I would point out – yes, Gerard, just one other point, in case you don’t know this, this is incredible. So mortgage lending. Mortgage lending is a whopping big part of our economy because housing construction is a big part of our economy. Mortgage drives the housing market. And the mortgage processing business has been decimated by all the changes that have been made. When I started in banking in 1972, I could have made you a mortgage with 8 or 10 pages, and you do understood what we were doing. And now we’ve got – the average mortgage out there is 615 pages, and the more complex ones go up to 800. And Secretary Mnuchin gets that. So if we can get the CFPB to understand how damaging this is to the economy and particularly young borrowers out there, they need the bank’s help. And they’re making this so cumbersome, so expensive, banks can’t afford to make $100,000 to $125,000 loan for a young couple to get their first house. So what he is doing is trying to help the banks improve lending, which will improve the economy.
Kelly King: I was wondering, Christopher, if we will get through this call without somebody asking about M&A. I was wondering. So yes, so to the extent that we are able to figure out how to operate more efficiently, that factor causes M&A to be more attractive because you can bring in less efficient organizations into a more efficient platform. That increases the economics and the desirability. On the other hand – and that the whole scale thing is still a really big driver of M&A. That’s why you’re seeing a lot of M&A today in the smaller institutions, and they’re seeing it. I mean, they have no choice. It’s true, the larger size is just more complex. So the scale is a big issue, will continue to be a big issue, and finding ways to reconceptualize the business and become more efficient will improve across banks of M&A. On the other hand, as I’ve mentioned, there are some other factors that cause M&A to not be as attractive. I mean, we – if you have large retail networks out of market prospects, they would not be as attractive to us today as they would have been 10 years ago because when you do an end-market deal, they’re still very attractive because you can monetize the net present value of the branches immediately. When you buy an out of market where you don’t have the overlap, you are buying the risk of what is the net present value or the stream of earnings of those branches, and nobody knows the answer to that except this will be less with digitalization. So we will be looking, as we go forward, whenever we get back in M&A business, we are not today, I’m not releasing our pause, but I would say it’s not as far away as it has been in place. When we look at it, we will be very eager to look at end-market opportunities, and out-of-market opportunities will have to be looked at more carefully.
Daryl Bible: I think right now, Matt, we’re forecasting our beta and deposits to be in the 20s from June rate increase, and there is opportunity that we might be able to be better than that. We have some contractual deposits and borrowings that will be priced up higher, which is kind of canceling out some of the core and GAAP margin from that perspective. In purchase accounting, it is somewhat predictable. In essence, it could be down 2 to 4 basis points. It really depends, and we’re just trying to give you an estimate that we sure we can meet from that perspective.
Daryl Bible: Okay. So if you look at third quarter 2016, and you take out merger-related costs, it’s $1,668,000,000 is what I have as core expenses for the third quarter of 2016. And we believe, as Kelly said, with our emphasis on expenses, we will be well below the $1.7 billion for third quarter of this year.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So specifically, Betsy, I’d say you should see decreases in personnel costs and occupancy costs, IT and professional costs and maybe other expenses will be the areas of focus over the next couple of quarters.
Daryl Bible: I believe we have a good chance of getting it for a quarter-over-quarter basis, but definitely on a year-over-year, and we didn’t quite make at this quarter, but we gave it our best shot. I think we have a good shot to get a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Daryl Bible: So right now, with what we’re doing in the third quarter, John, our CET1 ratio come down about 30 basis points, so we’ll have about 10% CET1. As we continue with the repurchase, we may dip a little bit below 10%, but not much below, maybe 5.9% could be the lowest, depends on how much the balance sheet grows from all that. As the outlook goes out farther, I think it really depends on what happens in D.C. and regulatory. And from that perspective, if the industry allows ratios to come down more, we will follow to come down. If it doesn’t, we’re comfortable here. We believe we can get our return on equity over our cost of capital at the 10% level. We think with the leverage and growth that we’re seeing on revenue and our expense actions that we’re going to take, we’ll be over 10% and moving higher than that from the next several years.
Daryl Bible: I would say it was probably $5 million or $6 million one-timer in there. It was some of our commercial card clients were not utilizing all their rewards, and we adjust the number.
Daryl Bible: Marty, when we look at public deposits, and we’ve been in the business for a long time, but as we rationalize, like we’re doing on the asset side of the balance sheet, we’re also rationalizing the other side of the balance sheet. And a lot of times, when you negotiate and deal with the public funds, you pay them really attractive interest rates and you also bit of a lot, really discount your fees or whatever. So we’re just going through a rationalization of who makes sense from a funding perspective. So I really wouldn’t be concerned of losing any of those deposits. We also lost some contractual deposits, non-client, also this quarter if you look at our end-of-period numbers. But Kelly said, all of our core retail and commercial clients are staying with us and growing very nicely. These are just on the edges as we just rationalize and optimize the balance sheet.
Daryl Bible: You’re absolutely right, Marty. We have to price collateral, we charge the business lines for that collateral of those deposits, and it’s a real cost, especially when you’re using HQLA 1 type security.
