Alan W. Greer: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us today, Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the second quarter, as well as provide a look ahead. We also have other members of our Executive Management team who are with us today to participate in the Q&A session: Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Ricky Brown, the President of Community Banking; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our remarks today. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intent, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statement warnings in our presentation and our SEC filings. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan W. Greer: Okay. Thank you, Kelly. We will now ask the operator to come back on the line and explain how the Q&A session operates. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Alan W. Greer: Thank you for joining us today. We do have a couple of folks still in the queue, so I apologize for that but we've gone a couple of minutes over. So thank you. If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to call Investor Relations. Thank you, and have a good day.
Clarke R. Starnes: Paul, this is Clarke Starnes. Certainly, we think as we're reaching normalized level of credit cost on the charge-off side and the NPAs are normalizing, we would expect the allowance releases to start subsiding. So while it's not clear exactly what a floor might be, certainly have to look at our models and make sure we feel good about the incurred loss in the portfolio. I would just -- I wouldn't expect continued sustained releases as we move forward, and look more toward flattening out as we reach the normalized levels on the credit cost.
Clarke R. Starnes: Fair question, Matt. I think it's pretty close to where it is. But you should know that, included in that expense, we've always focused heavily on the real estate component of that, and as our problem real estate credits have come down, that's where the big swing has been. But we also included our auto repossession expenses in there, and so I think you're petty much at a normalized level where we are today.
Clarke R. Starnes: John, this is Clarke. It's actually still flat for us, it's around 37%. So again, a big future opportunity for us as our commitments have clearly grown, but our utilization is still pretty flat.
Clarke R. Starnes: Yes. I might just add, Gerard, remind you all that we've been in this business for many years. We just chose to stay out of it for a while because the capitas had beaten the returns down so low, so it's not a new business for us, but it is a new targeted initiative because the returns are better. But the risk management oversight is in place, we have specialists on the sourcing side. We have specialists on the enterprise risk side behind that, so we feel very comfortable with the a good measured plan.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Erika. If you look at the securities that we've been purchasing for the last couple of years, if you take that same mix of securities, we're up about 60 basis points. I'd say the average purchases used to be around 1.60%. At same mix of securities, it's around 2.20% now as we do our new investments. So we definitely are benefiting from the higher yield curve. The other thing that you notice is that increase in yields on agencies. A lot of that is driven by, as rates go up, prepayments slow down. As prepayments slow down, the amortization of your premiums also slow, but you kind of boost the yields of those portfolios. So if you have bonded premiums with slower prepayments, you have actually an uptick in some of the yields.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Matt. So I think, as you forecast out from the covered assets, if you recall, our commercial covered asset portfolio, for the most part, will be pretty much off the books by third quarter of '14. So it won't all be gone by then because you still have the mortgage portfolio that lasts for several years after that. But I think we're pretty much tracking to what we projected. I'd say your interest income is falling around $10 million, give or take every quarter, as that kind of progresses over the next several quarters. Your fee income line, which is the offset is also falling at about the same amount. This quarter, we did have a pickup in reversal on the provision. That's really just a onetimer, when that happens, we really don't forecast that. But overall, margins, the core margin and the GAAP margin should be close to in sync as we get towards the end of '14.
Daryl N. Bible: Core margin should stabilize. I mean this steep of a yield curve, if you really look at it, a little over half of the loans and assets on the books are fixed rate. So as we're repricing not just securities but as well, repricing auto loans, home equity loans, some of our fixed commercial real estate loans, they are repricing off the higher part of the curve now. That takes time as that new volume comes in onto the balance sheet. But over the next couple of quarters, core margin should start to stabilize. So I'd say in the 3.30s is kind of where I'd put core margin. And then it's really just the covered portfolio running off.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So for the rest of the year, I would say on the margin side, expect about a $10 million drop -- $10 million per quarter drop of interest income. And as you get into '14, that would probably continue to maybe a $15 million to $20 million drop on a per quarter basis. On the fee income, on the FDIC offset, similar amounts for '14, about $10 million per quarter. And then, that basically continues down about $10 million per quarter in '14. So by the end of '14, the net benefit of the purchase will be only a couple of pennies, maybe about $20 million benefit from where it is today.
Daryl N. Bible: No, Kevin, really, what we did is we were really syncing up preferred dividend payments to equal what we have in the common. We will sync up the common basically so that it will fit within the CCAR process. So we declare our dividend in the first month of the quarter and pay them the third month of the quarter. All we really did is we move the preferred dividend. We had a short stub payment for the second quarter, which is all we really had to declare in the second quarter. You don't accrue a preferred, you only accrue it after you declare it. So what we declare this next week will be for the next full quarter, but rather than the preferred shareholders getting paid a month or 2 later in the quarter, now they're going to get paid earlier in the quarter, so it's really just a timing difference.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Todd. From a spread perspective, the retail channel spreads dropped a little bit this past quarter as rates rose. We expect the retail channel to continue to drop into this next quarter. The actual correspondent spreads actually again did really well this past quarter. If you look at our total production, we had about 35% retail, 65% correspondent was the mix. I'd expect the spreads for our business to decline a little bit from the 1.31% that we had this quarter, but not significantly, just mainly what we have, a little bit pressure on the retail channel side. But as Kelly said, these businesses are performing really well, the strong markets, a lot of volume. We focused on really purchase activity several years ago. 44% of our volume was purchase activity. That is a really huge percentage and we'll probably be north of 50% this quarter.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Betsy. I think what we're saying there, and Kelly started off with the Community Bank in trying to show what that impact is, we'll probably be down in personnel costs, not the incentive fees but the personnel costs, at least $20 million in the next quarter or 2. Most of the reductions enforced occur mid in the third quarter, so we'll get a partial benefit third quarter and a full benefit in the fourth quarter. But that's where the personnel cost line will come down there.
Daryl N. Bible: I think what I would say, we've had runoff in our CD portfolio for the last couple of years at this low rate environment. It's just hard to get the consumers to buy CDs when rates are just so low. I think as rates start to climb, you're going to see that behavior start to switch back, but it's too early for that to happen. So we definitely will continue to see a lower cost in CDs for the next several quarters. That's where the bulk of that benefit is. As far as the now and savings deposit categories, there really isn't a whole lot left there to reprice down for the most part. You do see seasonal flows in those activities this past quarter. Some of that was lumpy in some public deposits, but the core still is really strong. If you look at our DDA, I mean DDA still continues to grow. I mean our mix now of deposits is up to 26% DDA. That's a huge movement for us if you look over the last 3 years. We've had tremendous growth in DDA and that's really a reflection of how well we're executing on both our retail and commercial strategy and wealth strategy that we have out there.
Daryl N. Bible: I would say probably at least 3/4 of the increase was probably on production related incentives, mainly in mortgage insurance, capital markets areas is where it came from.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So we have about 45% of our balance sheet that's a variable rate. So the slide that we show on our deck shows that we are slightly asset-sensitive. When the short end starts to move, we will definitely benefit even more stronger than what we are just with the steeper yield curve and it'll be a more immediate impact on us. So the wildcard is how quickly do you have to reprice your deposits and how sticky are your deposits. It really comes down to being competitive with the competition and other places in the marketplace. We believe that we've had really good strong core growth, good new clients come into the bank and believe that the deposits will stay with us. That said, some of the dollars will leave the company and go to other alternatives, so we are conscious of that. We've put strategies in place to do other liquidity and funding so that when that does, or to happen, it won't have a material impact on our margins and all of that. So we feel pretty good that if you look at our sensitivity, up 200 basis points. We're almost at 4% increase in net interest income over our 12-month time period. So we think we are positioned the right way. We really haven't changed that position for the last couple of years, and eventually, rates will rise both on the short end and as well as the long end, continues to steepen.
Kelly S. King: Erika, this is Kelly. I think the non-run rate expenses will be over the next 2, 3 quarters. Some of that is in new systems that we are initiating. For example, we're putting up a new GL system. We're in the very early stages of putting up a new commercial loan front-end system. So as you know, you incur a lot of upfront expenses with regard to that, and so I expect that will begin to subside over the next few quarters. We'll continue to do the reconceptualization focuses that will be mitigating other increases in expenses that are more permanent in nature, like we are seeing some permanent increases in expenses in technology -- technological and regulatory area. So we're going to continue to push toward focusing on the efficiency [ph] ratio, which I think is the best way to kind of think about it. Obviously, there's upward pressure on it now. We still think, over the long term, we can end up in the low 50s in the next year or 2, probably hovering in the mid-50s is going to probably be where it's at. So it's a challenge for us all long term right now, but the encouraging thing to me is these reconceptualization approaches are really working.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So I think as the rest of the year goes through, we'll end up down. Because you've got these mitigating factors but you have other factors that are coming down. Remember, our credit expenses are continuing to come down. And we're starting to get some of the run rate savings of what we just already just put into effect because that happens fairly immediately. So I think that projection still holds for the total of this year. As we head into next year, I really think it -- a lot of it depends on what happens to the economy and to volumes. I mean, obviously, we have a certain level of fixed overhead expenses. And to the extent that we can get some faster loan growth and revenue growth, that will help push down relative expenses as we lever up the fixed expenses. So I'm fairly optimistic about expense control as we head into next year. It's a little early to make any kind of projections, but I can tell you that our intents will be in terms of focus, will be the same next year as it is this year. This reconceptualization focuses will continue throughout the year. And so, while again, there are certain expenses in the technological and the regulatory area that are very difficult to control, there are many areas of the bank that still have a lever opportunity in terms of expense focus and we're absolutely focusing on all of those.
Kelly S. King: Yes, I think it's a viable option in 2014. I think today, large bank and the medium-sized bank acquisitions basically shut down for 2 reasons. One is, I suspect the regulators, if they were really honest, would probably say they just assume not to see any acquisitions right now just because they want everybody kind of focused on settling down with all the new rules and regulations. They haven't said that, but I suspect that's kind of how they feel. But I think more importantly, from the acquirer's point of view, I don't think many acquirers are interested in doing acquisitions today, because there's so many uncertainties that need to be settled. We just found out last week kind of what the preliminary indications are on capital. We're still trying to settle out the focus on liquidity. How some of these new rules and regulations going to work out, what were the risks in terms of embedded issues in the acquired company that might trip you up in terms of regulatory concerns in this very tight focused market. So I think the acquirers are very conservative today, including ourselves, in terms of being willing to do a deal. And so I think whether you look at the regulatory side or the acquirer side, it's probably the same answer. As you head into '14, I think a lot of that smoothes out. I think enough would have settled down so that regulators will feel more comfortable. They're never going to be like really, really easy in this environment, but I think they'll be more comfortable. And I certainly expect that we would be in a position to consider acquisitions as we head into '14, obviously, it depends on the economics of it. That's always going to drive it from our point of view, but I wouldn't be surprised if you don't begin to see acquisitions as we head through '14.
Kelly S. King: So the refi volume will continue to moderate, obviously. It does ebb and flow. Every time the tenure pops up and down, we get some volume immediate impact, but it will be steadily down. But you're right, the purchase percentage is very, very satisfying now. The overall roadside market frankly is good and improving. Purchase activity is robust in most of our markets. We continue to move market share in terms of our markets, frankly, because our mortgage business is extremely high quality. We just haven't had any service quality issues. For example, J.D. Power has just announced, for the third year in a row, we got number 1 in overall service quality, while others are having challenges in that area. We've been fortunate not to have those challenges. And then frankly, our correspondent business is really good, and we continue to supplement our organic business with our correspondent business, which is very high quality. And so we think that the kind of relationship you see this quarter will kind of continue as we go forward over the next couple of quarters.
Kelly S. King: Yes, that's a good one, Betsy. So we're obviously already thinking about that. It would put practically more pressure on the metrics of the acquisition because we are in a sweet spot and that is a competitive advantage, and we're not going to throw that away by doing a relatively unprofitable acquisition that would trip us into a less competitive advantage. So that's not to say we wouldn't look at one, but yes, we could do a couple of 10s or 15s and still have runway. But if we looked at anything that was really substantial, we would factor in that consideration and we just have to look at the Math of it. But the good news is, either way, it's a good deal for us.
Kelly S. King: Yes, Betsy. We'll get the annualized impact of that not later then the end of this year, probably, maybe by the end of the third quarter.
Kelly S. King: Well, obviously levered lending is the most pronounced and then, large whole positions is kind of second to that. But in terms of just basic underwriting, it's kind of across the board, disappointingly. I mean you're seeing substantial term extensions relative to credit restructuring. You're beginning to get back to the "covenant-light" structuring deals, not as bad, again, as I've said about halfway back, and hopefully, we won't go all the way back. But we are seeing a lot of deals that are being unwritten -- underwritten out there in a fashion that we would absolutely not do it. And so I think what's happening is that people are just really, really eager for revenue, which is understandable. And as I indicated in the interview, memories tend to be short, and so I worry that the industry is beginning to underwrite some credit so it will be problematic as we're going forward, so discipline is important. And we believe it's more important to have good profitable long term loan growth than short term loan growth might turn into very unprofitable growth down the road. And so no, we're not trying to be critical of anybody else, but I'm just trying to honestly give an observation about what's going on in the industry.
Kelly S. King: Well, it's a good question, and obviously, you only know what you know. And so when we did do our submission, we didn't -- what we did know was the probability of capital problems are going up. And all of the rhetoric that's been out as -- the expectation at that time was it could go up really substantially. And we didn't know what the final conditions of Basel would be. In the earlier versions of that, we would have been substantially penalized 100 basis points almost, based on what the original projections were. So yes, now we know all of that and now we are in a much stronger position than we were that -- but that's why I've been saying consistently for the last several months, you should expect us to be very conservative with regard to capital flow for us this year because of what we did know at the time we made a submission. Now as we look forward to '14, we're in a strong capital position. We'll be accreting substantial capital. M&A, frankly, the kind of deals we would do would probably not be requiring capital. It would probably -- it could be capital accretive because of some of the institutions that we've been acquiring. So as we go forward, I fully expect that we will have good flexibility in terms of capital deployment. I still like to think in terms of the priorities I've talked about in terms of organic dividends and acquisitions and buybacks. But to the degree that we continue to get downward pressure from the regulators with regard to percentage of payouts, which continue to exist, and to the extent that acquisition opportunities that require capital are not out there, that certainly increases our appetite with regard to buyback.
Kelly S. King: So Michael, right now, I think there are probably 3 that I would think about. I really think continuing to deploy capital and this organic commercial growth strategy in Texas, and frankly, if that goes as well as I think it's going to go, in other markets like that in other parts of the country. It's a very efficient way to expand our franchise. So I think expanding the Community Bank in the targeted approach. The Corporate Banking space is going to continue to get a substantial amount of our investment. The margin of returns for us are fantastic, and our execution ability is really, really good. And then in terms of marginal investments, we're going to continue to throw it at Wealth management. That machine is working really well for us now. Chris Hanson and his team have done a great job developing that. We've got virtually all of the infrastructure cost in place and the marginal returns on investment are very high, so those would be the 2, the 3 in terms of organic. Other than any unique bank acquisition that might come along, we'll continue to look at insurance acquisitions over time but to be honest right now, we've kind of got our plate full on insurance acquisitions and not to say we wouldn't do one -- because I wouldn't want anybody listening to think we wouldn't but we've got some really good opportunity to continue to execute on the Crump advantages. And so expect to see most of our attention focused on those organic areas.
Kelly S. King: Yes. So a natural long-term organic path would be -- in Texas, for example, you expand with this commercial strategy. You build around that your wealth strategy because it's very closely tied to your promotional strategy. You build your insurance around that and commercial P&C because that's tied to that. When you get to pure bread-and-butter retail, that's a long, long ground game. And so in 5 to 10 years, I'd expect to say probably not doing much in terms of retail, we'll continue to focus on the organic commercial strategy. Over 30 years, yes, but I would rather expect the most likely scenario is we'll build out that retail network in places like Texas with appropriate retail acquisitions. There are many good partners down there, folks we know very well that we're very close to, and we think that time will come for a good partnership somewhere along.
Kelly S. King: Gerard, that's a question that we're all kind of struggling with right now. Fortunately, now, we don't have to have a cushion for OCI variation. So that takes a -- some off the table. You do want to always have some dry powder in case of really good cash acquisitions. And then you want to have some comfort around that 7% because, recall, if you go below that 7%, that's not a good day. That triggers the dividend issues and some compensation issues so you want to have a nice cushion around that. And so, then you've got the question of a domestic SIFI charge that may come, we don't know. I still bet this will be a small one, but it might be just 25 basis. So we're not really ready to hang a number out there, Gerard. But it's something south of 9% based on what you know today, but it's not 7.5%, so I mean it's a number that we're going to have to fill our way through, does a SIFI charge come, that changes it. And then we will probably keep some buffer in there frankly because even though we're not a advanced approach bank today, we're not that far away from it and so we're not going to be too aggressive in terms of trying to push that number to closest to the 7%. Plus to be honest with you, Gerard, as you know, we're just really conservative on capital. I'd like to rather make you all happy with relatively more capital, with much harder work and much better execution than trying to jack up returns based on skimming down capital.
