Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl. So in summary, I would say that we had a very strong quarter. As we've indicated, we do have some concerns about where the economy is going. I would point out in fairness, though, that if we get the right kind of positive leadership changes in Washington, there's a real potential for a positive economic boost as we head into next year. So I don't think we need to be overly pessimistic about where the economy is going. Nonetheless, the economies will be what economies will be. In that context, I've never felt better about our fundamental performance. Now every part of our business is doing great. We have the best value proposition in the marketplace based on asset evidence, in terms of service delivery of quality. We have great opportunities in that core bank, great opportunities in our non-core businesses. So the economy will be what the economy will be, but BB&T's going to outperform the economy. And we feel very, very confident and enthusiastic about that. Alan, let me turn it back to you.
Kelly S. King: Now remember, Jefferson, remember that like the investment securities, while it is having a negative impact on margin, it is having a positive impact on EPS.
Kelly S. King: So Todd, what we're seeing out there is a lot of competition in general in the C&I space. Although, frankly, we're able to get market share movement, holding our own standards in terms of quality and price. It's just you have to work much harder than you may in some other times. You're seeing a lot of demand out there in CRE, particularly in the multifamily space. Obviously, there's a huge surge because there's people who have become less interested in primary home space to moving into rentals, and so really, really strong growth there and well, a competitive, certainly acceptable pricing. So what we're basically doing in terms of the aggregate asset mix is just trying to look at the things that make sense for us in terms of our risk appetite in the short run and the long term. So we'll keep growing C&I kind of at a steady, steady pace, taking what's available to us that meets our parameters, something like mortgage. Last year and first part of this year, we grew because, frankly, there was less overall demand in the marketplace, and prices were relatively good, and we had the asset sensitivity availability to handle it. As we looked at midpart of this year, we became concerned about too much risk interest rate exposure, so we dialed back the mortgage, not because of the quality of the mortgage but because of the interest rate exposure. And so you'll see us dialing those categories up and down in the short run, but the long-term thrust in terms of C&I, focusing on CRE, the Direct Retail or the Specialized Lending businesses, all of those will continue unabated as we go forward.
Kelly S. King: Well, Ken, I think, obviously, we had to hedge now because we just don't know where the economy's going to be. And I think today, I mean, you have to be fairly pessimistic just based on talking the businesses and seeing what they're actually doing. On the other hand, I personally believe that as we think about postelection, I think that there's a real opportunity for positive surge because keep in mind, business people have not been investing now at that level they ought to be for a couple of years. And so you see some real opportunity there. But in any event, it is uncertain. But we feel positive, Ken, as we look forward. Obviously, we'll do better if the economy is better. But based on our most likely scenario, we feel positive about '13 versus '12 because, even though we have the spread pressures, et cetera, on the core bank, we don't get the same kind of spread pressures in terms of our mortgage businesses. We don't get the same kind of spread pressures in terms of Specialized Lending business. Our insurance business margins are likely heading up. So recall from that pie chart that about half of our revenue comes in from the core bank. The other half comes in from other sources. And so it'll be plenty challenging, but yes, I would feel positive about '13 versus '12.
Kelly S. King: So the degree of expense opportunity is a direct function of what we see in terms of the economy and revenue opportunity. So if the economy remains relatively positive and/or positive, then you will see us investing in revenue producers, et cetera, and growing into that positive tailwind. If, on the other hand, we hit a really negative environment for next year and things really, really starts -- continue to slow down, you will see us really, really ratchet down expenses further. We could -- we have a number of areas we can ratchet expenses that we certainly don't want to but we certainly can. We've not gone through this whole cycle. We've not done a lot of draconian things in terms of our expense structure including a tougher look at some of our fringe benefits, et cetera. And so we could get really much tougher on expenses if we had to. I don't expect that, do not project that. But it'll all be a function of where we go. I think you'll see us continue to have a clearly a competitive advantage on our efficiency ratio. But all of us are facing increasing from the regulatory side. We're being killed from all the additional regulatory burdens coming out of -- mostly from Dodd-Frank, and so that's the negative. But we are becoming more productive every day. I mean, all of our strategies are being executed in an efficient manner. We're becoming more productive. So I'd have to cautiously say that we have expense opportunity if the revenues don't come. But I hope what we do is get the revenues, and you'll see expenses stay kind of like they've been for the last couple of years.
Kelly S. King: So, Nancy, as you well described us in the past, our CREF -- when I say aggressive, that would be in a non-natural boring manner. So we'll continue to be as conservative in terms of underwriting as we've always been. So no, not going out and doing the crazy stuff that got everybody in trouble, big land loans and especially their projects and all of those kind of stuff, not at all. Let me emphasize: Not at all. But on the other hand, when they are really fully cash flowing good projects with good solid cash equities in the multifamily space, we'd be interested in that and in office, if they come higher. Right now, there's no supply in the office area. But if office comes back, in my positives would go to hell regarding to the economy, we would do some office buildings that will have good pre-leases and good coverages. But what we're not doing, Nancy, is we're not reducing our coverage ratio requirements. We're not reducing our tough standard with regard to having long-term projected real interest carry in terms of cash flows. You know what happens -- a lot of times when interests are low, people underwrite carry based on current rates. We project long-term normalized rates. We don't get a lot of deals because of that. But don't have a heart attack. You'll see us do nothing that you would feel uncomfortable with.
Kelly S. King: Say, Matthew, let me hit it because it's always been confusing to me. But basically, so think about it this way. The revenue is coming down, but the negative FDIC hit is coming down also. So in other words, you get a negative end, so revenue is coming down, but you got a positive and that the negative FDIC charges is reducing. The FDIC charge is not going up, it's going down, that's the positive benefit.
Kelly S. King: That's a good question, Gerard. I think if you -- so that's a really big if. But if you set aside all of that, first of all, as I've said in my closing comments, I've never felt better about our overall fundamentals. I mean, every part of the business -- that's what's kind of frustrating today because with the overall economic picture, it kind of clouds how strong the underlying performance of the business is. Which is by the way, you guys, when you're looking at -- you really ought to look at free cash pre-provision, you ought to look at the underlying strength of the core business at BB&T, which is still very, very strong. There's only been one thing I've ever really worried about, about our business is because we are a service business and because our strategy is, by itself, having the best value proposition, which is a function of having the best quality, it really comes down to people. And so while it's not a problem for us, that's what I worried about at night is, because the entire strategy is based on having better people, better trained, better motivated, better executing than our competitors, that's the only thing that I wake up at night worrying about. Now having said that, because it is intense focus replace in terms of recruiting, in terms of our university training and sort of patient efforts, in terms of feedback we get from our clients who are engaged -- among our associates based on engagement surveys, I've never felt better about where we are with regard to our phases [ph]. But that's just what I was worried about because that's the only thing that can trip us up.
Kelly S. King: So that's the opposite side of my middle of my nights, Gerard. So in the middle of the night, sometimes I worry about if we don't have the right people. So all the time, I wake up just laughing and clapping my hands because of that environment. That would be a huge win for us. We're positively gapped. We've strengthened our position in the marketplace in general. We've got really, really high deposit market shares -- the shares of loans in these new markets like Florida and Alabama and Texas. That's a boom for us. I mean it would be a really, really fun time.
Kelly S. King: Greg, I really do. To give you just a couple of little anecdotes. I mean I talked not too long ago with an owner of retail furniture store. He had like 50 stores, so he does have his own trucks to deliver all of his furniture. And he said, "I have not replaced a truck in over 8 years." He said, "I need to replace my entire fleet but I'm not going to do a thing until after this." So I believe the day after you get a change, he'll go out and replace his entire fleet. We've seen people holding back in terms of technological investments. Do I need to update all of my software and all of my hardware? I've been holding back. You could work to those. So there's just a lot of that out that's holding back. And I may be wrong, but I personally feel pretty strongly. This is based on talking to 400, 500 businesspeople in the last year. I think it's a pretty good economic sample. I think under the scenario you described, we would definitely get a positive hit. And by the way, I know everybody's concerned about rates. My own scenario, and I mentioned this over the Barclays conference, my own scenario is that next year, we're going to see higher rates. Either 1 or 2 reasons. Either the accrued stays in; that's not as favorable to the business and we have relatively low growth. I think we should be spending like crazy, which is to drive up inflation fields which is what drive up rates or we get a more positive business climate, which takes business investment surges, loan demand grows, that drives up rates. Now I know Bernanke can hold down to short term and he can hold down to 10-year, but he can't hold down all rates. So I think any way you turn, as we get towards next year, you're going to be seeing upward pressure on rates.
Kelly S. King: Michael, in general, on the expenses, as I indicated earlier, if things don't go well in terms of revenues -- and we'll be really, really tough on expenses. Every expense will be put under intense scrutiny. And frankly, in that environment, we will not make investments and expense initiatives that do not generate positive revenue -- positive income for the year, we would hold back. On the other hand, if we stay more positive, then we'll be investing more in revenue opportunities. In some cases, they're a little short-term dilutive and maybe positives early next year, but you're always having to make investments looking forward to grow the business. So we'll just have to measure those as we go along and truth is right now, I can't tell you how that'll go. I can tell you the end of the day, our profit will be the focus. And so if the economy is tough, we'll be focusing tough on expenses to get to profit. If the economy is better, we'll get more revenue because of some expense-side investments that create more revenue and we'll just have to play it by the ear as we go along.
Kelly S. King: Ed, I'm going to make this comment for you and others. And I'm sure you all understand this but I just -- to emphasize the point. I don't want anybody to get -- take out of context that graph on Page 10 as it shows a projected decline in net revenues from Colonial, because that is a very incomplete picture. We're just trying to show you the impact on margin. But even that's incomplete because remember, this is basically a declining portfolio that we've got 3 years ago. At the same time, we are growing, the -- if you will, the new Colonial and this is growing by the day. We've had huge, billions of dollars increases in loans and deposits and other fee income. And so if you looked at that, you could draw the conclusion that aggregate BB&T profitability is down by that much. That would be very inaccurate, because the whole Colonial business is just really wrapping up, really rapidly. And so we thought about could you do some kind of a comprehensive graph that looked at all of those aspects because as you can imagine it would be too convoluted. But it would be very inappropriate to look at that and draw some whopping conclusion about negative impact on BB&T for next year. It would be totally to not to focus on the rest of the positive benefits from the merger.
Kelly S. King: Let me make one general comment. Daryl will give you the details. But keep in mind, when you look at that reduction from $900 million to $600 million, that's $300 million. If you look at the bottom line, you get $300 million -- it's only $200 million. So you got -- it's only $200 million, first of all. And then you have the positives that I alluded to earlier with regard to more loan volume, which improves revenue, not necessarily the margin but revenue. And then we do have, to your point, fee opportunities, insurance opportunities, wealth management opportunities, all of which won't be a NIM; that would be noninterest income that will be very positive as well. But let me ask Daryl to pick up any additional detail.
Kelly S. King: Chris, what we try to do is look at -- we try to look at -- we do look at the internal rate of return analysis on build versus acquisition. And obviously, as you would know, it depends on more on deposit acquisition as it does on cost to build, because the cost to build is not that variable. In this case, the cost to build a house is going to be lower because we're going to be looking at acquiring vacant, primarily vacant, existing or previously bank buildings, where we get them at a real deep discount based on current market values and we don't spend that much money on them because it will be a commercial strategy and the exact nature of the branch does not vary. It's not as important as it is in retail. So, number one, the cost of these will be lower. But on the acquisition side, it's just a function of 2 things. One is, what is the acquisition price? And the other is what is the availability? We obviously, as you know, we look at deals all the time, but I would say, in general, the sellers' desire to returns today are generally higher than we're willing to invest in. And so that's why we are looking to some degree, why we are looking at this de novo strategy, because we're not going to go out into acquisitions that violate the fundamental principles that we've laid forth. We'd be glad to do them, but we look at the organic growth and merger growth as interchangeable, and we like to have a nice healthy combination but if acquisitions are too expensive, we've got plenty of capacity from an organic point of view. And so this time, you can surmise that we are not expecting much acquisition activity and so therefore, we're focusing more on the organic growth.
Kelly S. King: No, just as I said to everybody, thanks for joining us. We appreciate your ongoing support of our company, a lot of good questions, a lot of challenging issues out there, but I'll restate again, I've never felt better about the fundamental performance of our company and the fundamental opportunities that we have going forward. Everybody have a great day.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, sure, Jefferson. So when you look at third quarter versus fourth quarter, we have margin coming down in 4 main areas. First, on the asset side, loan yields are coming down. We're seeing tighter spreads in commercial, commercial real estate. Our actual consumer loan spreads are actually holding in there well, but overall, we're seeing lower spreads on the commercial side. If you look at -- the TruPS comes off, so that benefit goes away, so our long-term debt costs will bounce back up a little bit in the fourth quarter. That's another thing. Our covered assets continue to run down. When we reran our cash flows in the third quarter, we lost another $17 million for this quarter and a like amount for the fourth quarter, as the cash flows continue to pay off and perform. So those are probably the main areas of the drivers for the lower margin.
Daryl N. Bible: So there is a little bit less accretable yield. If you were to -- if you look at it, we're going down 17 basis points. If you go from 3.94 to, let's call it, 3.75, 8 basis points would be on asset yields repricing down; 4 basis points on covered; 4 basis points, we're going to reinvest investment securities at lower yields, probably in the mid-1% range. The TruPS runoff is worth 7, and offsetting that, you have deposits that will continue to reprice down. So that nets about 17 basis points.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, sure, Erika. So there's a couple of things there. So the fourth quarter impact, as I was explaining, was the 3.94% to 3.75%. As we get into next year, we don't expect to have as much pressure on the assets is what you're saying. We really aren't going to give you a 2013 margin guidance yet, as we don't have our operating plan completed yet and need to pull that together. The margin will continue to probably drift down modestly, but we continue to have some room to lower deposit rates. Our investment yields are already relatively low. So as we reinvest, that benefit maybe won't be as much. So there are some offsetting things so that the dramatic drop between third and fourth, while it will trend down next year, won't be as dramatic throughout that whole year.
Daryl N. Bible: Not really, Betsy. Our derivative income is really not significant to our margin. It's only a couple of basis points, and that really had no impact on the quarter or on the forecast.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, we made a decision back in June to basically stop portfolio-ing our 10- and 15-year mortgages, so we're basically selling everything that we would normally sell now through -- to the GSEs. The only mortgages that we're portfolio-ing right now are our jumbo and ARMs and some CRA type of loans.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. Securities, we're basically buying all government agencies. The yields right now in the current marketplace is in the mid-1% range. It's probably what is a good average yield of what we're buying right now.
Daryl N. Bible: Nancy, it was an account that we had in our mortgage area where we had some aged items, and we found these aged items and realized that it should have been written off in prior periods. So that's why we are calling it a onetime item.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, that's really the 4 basis point impact on the higher long-term debt cost that we'll have next quarter. But if you look at overall, from there on out, our derivative net income is just a few basis points. It's not significant either way.
Daryl N. Bible: So when we closed on the Colonial acquisition in the third quarter of '09, we set up an amortization a schedule for the receivable. And that was basically a defined time period, and it basically follows the schedule. On the other side, we have the cash flows that impact the interest income. We run those cash flows every quarter, and those durations move around, which causes that to move up, sometimes a little faster and sometimes slower. So that duration's moving back and forth. But what we call the FDIC offset piece is more of a defined grade or amortized period on a defined period; it doesn't change.
Daryl N. Bible: So if you look at the benefit for '12, if you net the 2, it's $600 million in net revenue. If you go to '13 and you net the 2, it's $400 million. And 2014, it's $150 million. You have to really net the blue line against the red line.
Daryl N. Bible: And lastly, Greg, what I would add is our deposit costs will continue to come down last quarter. Last quarter, we said they were going to go down from 42 basis points down to 30. That was pre-QE3, so we'll probably do better than that next year. So I think you'll have that to help offset some of these asset side pressures.
Daryl N. Bible: It does not, Michael. I think in January, we'll give you a clear guidance for 2013 after we get our operating plan pulled together. I will just say from where we are in the fourth quarter, we had modest pressures next year and I think we'll give you more color next quarter.
Daryl N. Bible: Let me see. I would probably say, in the third quarter, you can see in our press release, we're about $130 million in net revenue, if you look on Page 6 there. So it would probably come down in the neighborhood of around $20 million.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, this is a caveat. I mean we run cash flows every quarter and it's been volatile so -- but if you look at it over a longer time period, it's a modest gradual decline over the next couple of years. But every time we rerun cash flows, it gets a little lumpy, but you got the trajectory right.
Daryl N. Bible: Hey, Matt, if you look on Slide 10 and you look at the top part under that first bullet point, we list 3 offsets there. You have 1,000 specialty businesses. Those basically yield around 10% and they're going to grow faster than the loan yields, so that will be an offset. We don't see that offset in the fourth quarter because of seasonal decline there, but it's still growing faster year-over-year versus total loans. You have CRE, which is not running off anymore, and will start to grow. That yield is higher than the C&I and other portfolios, and we talked about deposit costs. So those are your offsets.
