Kelly: Thank you, Daryl. So I think you can see ex the unusual items really very solid quarter. We have strong loan in deposit growth, we had improving fee income ratio. Our expenses adjusted were flat we expect them to be down to 6% by the fourth quarter. And really all of our strategic initiatives are working extremely well. So it's a challenging world, it's a challenging market but we continue to focus on our long term strategies and we absolutely believe our best days are ahead. So, Alan, I'll turn it to you for Q&A.
Kelly: Gerard it's getting to be broad based but it's mostly - we're still, in the income side we'll still see apartments and again beginning to see a little bit of activity and hotels but mostly in apartments and income side, in the retail side it's basically vertical so we're finally seeing activity in terms of builders coming back in for a call down of lines for development of lots, there's a dearth of lots out there now which we kind of projected was coming in and that's happening so we're seeing lot developments. And pure construction lending by some of our local strong builders that survive the crisis not that many did, but once it is survive a very strong and so it's fairly broad based, for all I say and frankly I think it's got legs for a good while to go.
Kelly: Well, we'll seeing it into Carolinas pretty growth strong from places like The Triangle Atlanta, DC, Gulf Coast, South Florida, so it's fairly broad based and of course we're saying we're newly entered in Texas but we're beginning to get some traction even in Texas in this business. Of course construction in Texas is booming or adding 1,000 people a day. So it's moving.
Kelly: So primarily right now the C&I growth is coming out of our national corporate banking strategy, it's very broad base in terms of our various industry verticals, we are getting good growth in our energy space but also food and agriculture and other verticals. Recall that we initiated strategies several years ago, we see have a very small share of the national corporate banking market. I would point out that it's still a very granular portfolio with average deal size about $35 million, so we're not taking really big deals we're just getting a lot of number of shares of really good companies in those various verticals. We are getting good C&I growth in Texas in to community bank as well and so I would say that in the industry there is a bit of a bifurcation today that some people have not yet focus on and that main street America small business smaller into middle market is very, very tepid, it's still flattish and most of the growth in the country is coming from the large market, most of the calls they have international strategies and so we are glad that we are able to participate in that. Now when the small to middle size market risk begin to move which we hope will happen, then you'll see a really big kick coming out of our community bank but for the time being it's largely being driven out of our warehouse strategy and our large national corporate banking strategy.
Kelly: No, that's kind of a core run rate, we don't see the seasonal impact on expenses in the fall, we see it a lot in the first and the second but, no it's core it's related to personnel expenses, it's related to project and process cost, consulting cost, all of those categories, but not lot frankly it's in personnel expenses.
Kelly: Well I think we're comfortable with the expense forecast, we're comfortable with the loan guidance and we're comfortable with our margin, but to be honest, some of the consensus analysts have not factored in, the guidance we've given with regard to margin, I think people who have had challenges with regard to dealing with the covered and even though we've been really transparent including graphs, it's been difficult for people to factor that in. So I'm comfortable with what we projected and thank you if you do the math then you'll arrive at the right conclusion.
Kelly: I saw that article and I think it's probably true for a good bit of the industry. But it was talking primarily about really the lower end of the used car dealers and the lower end of the sub-prime lenders. We don't participate in that space. We're in sub-prime lending but not what they were talking about. In fact over the last several years we dramatically tightened down our lending standards and our processes. Our scoring, our credit big and scores et cetera continue to improve. I was reading through some commentary this weekend from our folks that run that business, a number of our credit metrics are like all-time lows for those businesses. So our business is doing great. Now to your point, if the market continues improve, deteriorate and become more frothy and if it bleeds over to the market in general, what you would see would be our volumes would go down because we'll just keep doing what we do, which is good solid quality conservative underwriting. And if others choose to do a more risky lending, they'll take volume that we won't take. So it will be a function of what others do, not what we do.
Kelly: Betsy I know you've been around this business a long time as have I. And talking about 2015 at this point, you might as well ask me about 2020. I don't know what's going to happen in 2015. But I think conceptually to your point it's not inappropriate to think about that as kind of a base line. I mean there is nothing that we're doing in the third and fourth to bring expenses down. That's going to jump up right back up in the first and second. So I don't think that's inappropriate to think about it in that concept. But we're not ready to give any guidance with regard to next year.
Kelly: I'll give you a little color and then Clarke can add some more. So our momentum was just so strong building through the second and frankly its carrying right over the end of the third. We just think that the front half of our Q3 is going to be stronger than the back half. And so that's why we're saying that the Q3 to be a little higher than the range of 35, but you got some seasonality when you head into the fourth and our mortgage warehouse has been driving some of the growth, we are expecting that to soften (a bit to change which would be a (good) [ph] factor but we are not expecting the general market to decline but it's just some seasonal factors and some particular product factors that are causing us to give that somewhat conservative guidance.
Kelly: Nancy, on the premium finance we have not had any discussions with them or draw it about all. I don't think they are focusing on that because as you know that's a business -- primarily business type of financing commercial, so I don't think they are really into deep. In the auto space, they are really focused on it and they are focused on the dealer activity. They are focused on whether or not there is discriminatory pricing at the dealer level and as you know the CFP does not have a direct responsibility or part of it regarding the dealer, so they're getting out it through the banks.  So we have had discussions with them as have all the auto financiers. They've not been real transparent in terms of any rule making, in terms of what they are looking for. They just don't want to see discriminatory lending which of course we don't either. It's tricky with regard to auto lending because in auto financing we don't yet raise in gender information. It's nonessential information in terms of financing and auto appliance. So we don't get that information. So we're going through to be honest a kind of a convoluted process where about we are being required to kind of extrapolate what might be happening out there and to be perfectly launch, as I am pretty uncomfortable with it because I'm not sure it's really very accurate and not sure if its really fair. But nonetheless we are all being required to bring pressure on dealers if there is any apparent discrimination with regard to pricing. And everybody's trying to figure out how to do that and it's a very-very gray transitory kind of a process.
Kelly: Well, it's really beginning it could be fairly broad-based. As I mentioned earlier, the North Carolina which you know was a lag, the North Carolina has come back strong; the Triangle is doing well. Charlotte is doing well. North Atlanta is booming now. Now South Atlanta is not because you will still hear some carryover of excess inventory in Atlanta, but Nancy, what that is the development of lots and Atlanta got way out of control, went way south of Atlanta out into the farms and started converting corn fields into lots, and it would be a long time before that comes back.  But most of the growth has been and will continue to be in North Atlanta and is doing great. Texas is doing great. So I don't think we have any, what I would call bad places today. And some are stronger than others. But it's mostly around the urban areas. So you think about what you would expect; urban areas, the Charlottes, the Raleighs, the North Atlantas, the Gulf Coast et cetera, those areas are not booming. I wouldn't say they're booming, but they're doing well. And its coming back. I'm pleased to say, in a pretty reasonable fashion. You're not seeing -- you're seeing more equity and deals. You're seeing people not wanting to build a 1,000 houses at one time. So now a lot of the activity is driven by the national players and a lot of their financing is being done in the national credit markets. So you're not seeing as much of the credit expansion in the banks, in the A&D as you would see from the whole volume, because of the credit markets. But it's still now over to where the good solid, larger locals who made it through the prices are doing a good bit of activity which as you know is kind of more where our bread-and-butter is.
Kelly: Yes, so let me give you a conceptual response. I don't know if Ricky Brown President of our community banking give you some color in that particular area. So really going back 2, 2.5 years ago, I challenged all of our leaders to begin to reconceptualize the businesses into context of the new world. I mean make no mistake about it, we operate in a new world today in terms of regulatory costs, in terms of digital banking as there are lot of factors that are changing substantially the way you have to think about banking as we go forward. So we have simply said, we are going to restructure the backroom and the front room to be a major player and driver in the new environment and our business leaders are doing a really good job on that and let me ask Ricky Brown to give you a sense of how he is approaching that and the community bank. 
Kelly: Well, that's clearly a good question, that's the kind of dynamics we have to deal with when we're trying to make these kind of projections, it's really challenging to be as specific as we're trying to be, but we're just trying to be helpful and transparent. But you're right I mean things move around. So to the extent that the GL doesn't convert in, the fourth quarter goes sort of first quarter that pushes upward pressure with regarding to hitting 56%. But for that reason, we are developing some insurance strategies to do some other things that would offset that if that does not occur. So again I can't guarantee the 56% but we'll try to incorporate some of those contingencies and are thinking as we look forward. 
Kelly: Thank you very much for doing a nice job. Thanks everybody for joining us today. We hope you will continue to be interested in BB&T and again we believe our best days are ahead and we hope you have a great day today.
King: Thank you, Daryl. So I think you can see ex the unusual items really very solid quarter. We have strong loan in deposit growth, we had improving fee income ratio. Our expenses adjusted were flat we expect them to be down to 6% by the fourth quarter. And really all of our strategic initiatives are working extremely well. So it's a challenging world, it's a challenging market but we continue to focus on our long term strategies and we absolutely believe our best days are ahead. So, Alan, I'll turn it to you for Q&A.
King: Gerard it's getting to be broad based but it's mostly - we're still, in the income side we'll still see apartments and again beginning to see a little bit of activity and hotels but mostly in apartments and income side, in the retail side it's basically vertical so we're finally seeing activity in terms of builders coming back in for a call down of lines for development of lots, there's a dearth of lots out there now which we kind of projected was coming in and that's happening so we're seeing lot developments. And pure construction lending by some of our local strong builders that survive the crisis not that many did, but once it is survive a very strong and so it's fairly broad based, for all I say and frankly I think it's got legs for a good while to go.
King: Well, we'll seeing it into Carolinas pretty growth strong from places like The Triangle Atlanta, DC, Gulf Coast, South Florida, so it's fairly broad based and of course we're saying we're newly entered in Texas but we're beginning to get some traction even in Texas in this business. Of course construction in Texas is booming or adding 1,000 people a day. So it's moving.
King: So primarily right now the C&I growth is coming out of our national corporate banking strategy, it's very broad base in terms of our various industry verticals, we are getting good growth in our energy space but also food and agriculture and other verticals. Recall that we initiated strategies several years ago, we see have a very small share of the national corporate banking market. I would point out that it's still a very granular portfolio with average deal size about $35 million, so we're not taking really big deals we're just getting a lot of number of shares of really good companies in those various verticals. We are getting good C&I growth in Texas in to community bank as well and so I would say that in the industry there is a bit of a bifurcation today that some people have not yet focus on and that main street America small business smaller into middle market is very, very tepid, it's still flattish and most of the growth in the country is coming from the large market, most of the calls they have international strategies and so we are glad that we are able to participate in that. Now when the small to middle size market risk begin to move which we hope will happen, then you'll see a really big kick coming out of our community bank but for the time being it's largely being driven out of our warehouse strategy and our large national corporate banking strategy.
King: No, that's kind of a core run rate, we don't see the seasonal impact on expenses in the fall, we see it a lot in the first and the second but, no it's core it's related to personnel expenses, it's related to project and process cost, consulting cost, all of those categories, but not lot frankly it's in personnel expenses.
King: Well I think we're comfortable with the expense forecast, we're comfortable with the loan guidance and we're comfortable with our margin, but to be honest, some of the consensus analysts have not factored in, the guidance we've given with regard to margin, I think people who have had challenges with regard to dealing with the covered and even though we've been really transparent including graphs, it's been difficult for people to factor that in. So I'm comfortable with what we projected and thank you if you do the math then you'll arrive at the right conclusion.
King: I saw that article and I think it's probably true for a good bit of the industry. But it was talking primarily about really the lower end of the used car dealers and the lower end of the sub-prime lenders. We don't participate in that space. We're in sub-prime lending but not what they were talking about. In fact over the last several years we dramatically tightened down our lending standards and our processes. Our scoring, our credit big and scores et cetera continue to improve. I was reading through some commentary this weekend from our folks that run that business, a number of our credit metrics are like all-time lows for those businesses. So our business is doing great. Now to your point, if the market continues improve, deteriorate and become more frothy and if it bleeds over to the market in general, what you would see would be our volumes would go down because we'll just keep doing what we do, which is good solid quality conservative underwriting. And if others choose to do a more risky lending, they'll take volume that we won't take. So it will be a function of what others do, not what we do.
King: Betsy I know you've been around this business a long time as have I. And talking about 2015 at this point, you might as well ask me about 2020. I don't know what's going to happen in 2015. But I think conceptually to your point it's not inappropriate to think about that as kind of a base line. I mean there is nothing that we're doing in the third and fourth to bring expenses down. That's going to jump up right back up in the first and second. So I don't think that's inappropriate to think about it in that concept. But we're not ready to give any guidance with regard to next year.
King: I'll give you a little color and then Clarke can add some more. So our momentum was just so strong building through the second and frankly its carrying right over the end of the third. We just think that the front half of our Q3 is going to be stronger than the back half. And so that's why we're saying that the Q3 to be a little higher than the range of 35, but you got some seasonality when you head into the fourth and our mortgage warehouse has been driving some of the growth, we are expecting that to soften (a bit to change which would be a (good) [ph] factor but we are not expecting the general market to decline but it's just some seasonal factors and some particular product factors that are causing us to give that somewhat conservative guidance.
King: Nancy, on the premium finance we have not had any discussions with them or draw it about all. I don't think they are focusing on that because as you know that's a business -- primarily business type of financing commercial, so I don't think they are really into deep. In the auto space, they are really focused on it and they are focused on the dealer activity. They are focused on whether or not there is discriminatory pricing at the dealer level and as you know the CFP does not have a direct responsibility or part of it regarding the dealer, so they're getting out it through the banks.  So we have had discussions with them as have all the auto financiers. They've not been real transparent in terms of any rule making, in terms of what they are looking for. They just don't want to see discriminatory lending which of course we don't either. It's tricky with regard to auto lending because in auto financing we don't yet raise in gender information. It's nonessential information in terms of financing and auto appliance. So we don't get that information. So we're going through to be honest a kind of a convoluted process where about we are being required to kind of extrapolate what might be happening out there and to be perfectly launch, as I am pretty uncomfortable with it because I'm not sure it's really very accurate and not sure if its really fair. But nonetheless we are all being required to bring pressure on dealers if there is any apparent discrimination with regard to pricing. And everybody's trying to figure out how to do that and it's a very-very gray transitory kind of a process.
King: Well, it's really beginning it could be fairly broad-based. As I mentioned earlier, the North Carolina which you know was a lag, the North Carolina has come back strong; the Triangle is doing well. Charlotte is doing well. North Atlanta is booming now. Now South Atlanta is not because you will still hear some carryover of excess inventory in Atlanta, but Nancy, what that is the development of lots and Atlanta got way out of control, went way south of Atlanta out into the farms and started converting corn fields into lots, and it would be a long time before that comes back.  But most of the growth has been and will continue to be in North Atlanta and is doing great. Texas is doing great. So I don't think we have any, what I would call bad places today. And some are stronger than others. But it's mostly around the urban areas. So you think about what you would expect; urban areas, the Charlottes, the Raleighs, the North Atlantas, the Gulf Coast et cetera, those areas are not booming. I wouldn't say they're booming, but they're doing well. And its coming back. I'm pleased to say, in a pretty reasonable fashion. You're not seeing -- you're seeing more equity and deals. You're seeing people not wanting to build a 1,000 houses at one time. So now a lot of the activity is driven by the national players and a lot of their financing is being done in the national credit markets. So you're not seeing as much of the credit expansion in the banks, in the A&D as you would see from the whole volume, because of the credit markets. But it's still now over to where the good solid, larger locals who made it through the prices are doing a good bit of activity which as you know is kind of more where our bread-and-butter is.
King: Yes, so let me give you a conceptual response. I don't know if Ricky Brown President of our community banking give you some color in that particular area. So really going back 2, 2.5 years ago, I challenged all of our leaders to begin to reconceptualize the businesses into context of the new world. I mean make no mistake about it, we operate in a new world today in terms of regulatory costs, in terms of digital banking as there are lot of factors that are changing substantially the way you have to think about banking as we go forward. So we have simply said, we are going to restructure the backroom and the front room to be a major player and driver in the new environment and our business leaders are doing a really good job on that and let me ask Ricky Brown to give you a sense of how he is approaching that and the community bank. 
King: Well, that's clearly a good question, that's the kind of dynamics we have to deal with when we're trying to make these kind of projections, it's really challenging to be as specific as we're trying to be, but we're just trying to be helpful and transparent. But you're right I mean things move around. So to the extent that the GL doesn't convert in, the fourth quarter goes sort of first quarter that pushes upward pressure with regarding to hitting 56%. But for that reason, we are developing some insurance strategies to do some other things that would offset that if that does not occur. So again I can't guarantee the 56% but we'll try to incorporate some of those contingencies and are thinking as we look forward. 
King: Thank you very much for doing a nice job. Thanks everybody for joining us today. We hope you will continue to be interested in BB&T and again we believe our best days are ahead and we hope you have a great day today.
Daryl: Yeah Brian, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is that our core margin should start to stabilize over the next couple of quarters. I would expect -- if we're down five to 10 this next quarter we're probably down three to four probably over the next couple of quarters in core margin. Soabout half or little bit less than half of what the GAAP margins coming down.
Daryl: Yes, so our security balances, if you look on an average basis were really pretty flat were around 40 billion, as far as the LCR ratio goes, we continue to make great progress, we're at 93%, we'll probably end the year around the 100% if the rules don't change, we get any relief from the final rolls that come out our LCR ratio will be significantly above 100% which actually could be used as an advantage are going forward potentially. As far as the type of securities we're purchasing, as we get cash flow in, we are buying tier 1 securities of mainly Jenny Mays and U.S. Treasuries. Our duration in the portfolio is a little bit over four years but our new purchases are shorter and that's what we're trying to average down a little bit.
Daryl: No we would be 100% off the rules that are proposed today, we're at 93. So we're in a really strong position and if we get any relief from the final rules, our number will be low north of 100%.
Daryl: It is, I think we are just proactive in managing our balance sheet, we always want to have maintain strong capital and liquidity versus our peers and I think we're doing that.
Daryl: So, I think our commercial growth was about 9% for the quarter. If you excluded the warehouse I think we are more in the may be the 6% range in C&I ex the warehouse, so we did have a seasonal increase which was certainly a contributor but we still had underlying to warehouse strong growth overall.
Daryl: Yes, I think the main driver for our change in asset sensitivity was both we had a large growth in commercial which is mainly floating rate assets and we continue to have strong growth in BDA which is more of a fixed rate funding source. So, those two are the main drivers for the change in asset sensitivity. From our duration portfolio perspective, we continue to make our investments shorter on average of what the portfolio is by just trying to shorten up because get ready for when rates start to rise in next couple of years.
Daryl: I think long term our bank's portfolio duration should probably be anywhere around three and a half years give or take.
Daryl: Yes, Matt I would probably say we are in the 27% range for the next couple of quarters and as you get out into '15 as our pre-tax income continues to climb, our tax rate will climb a little bit as well, so maybe in the upper 20% range into '15. 
Daryl: And also remember that does not include any fee income or other ancillary businesses. So when we look at the returns on these assets, we're well in excess of a 15% return on equity probably north of 20%. Plus these are floating rate assets, so that we will benefit as these basically reprice when rates start to go up.
Daryl: Yes, Mike this is Daryl. I can tell you that we converted our first piece of our financial system, this summer we actually completed it in the May-June time frame that was our fixed assets accounts payable, tax piece. We are looking at doing the actual GLPs in the next quarter or two. And then in '15 as we get out there, the system that we're doing basically has a database and that will start to be converted throughout '15 and that will take couple several conversion. So from beginning to end, it's probably a two year process. We had good progress at the start and we're continuing to get ready and we've been working very hard to get through these conversions. So I think we're making good progress.
Daryl: I would say definitely by the first -- end of the first quarter. Conversions in the fourth quarter have a little bit more risk. It all depends on how you're testing from UAT goes and if there is any remediations, if you have enough time to remediate and still pass stocks compliances. So we may try to do it by the end of the year. And if we don't get it done by the end of the year, we'll get it done in the first quarter.
Daryl: Besides personnel costs, I think we're pretty confident that our regulatory costs will fall. Even and will of our GL conversion, I still think our professional expenses will continue to fall and discretionary costs I think will continue to fall. So I think we have enough momentum that we will drive our expenses down through all those items by the fourth quarter.
Bible: Yeah Brian, this is Daryl. What I would tell you is that our core margin should start to stabilize over the next couple of quarters. I would expect -- if we're down five to 10 this next quarter we're probably down three to four probably over the next couple of quarters in core margin. Soabout half or little bit less than half of what the GAAP margins coming down.
Bible: Yes, so our security balances, if you look on an average basis were really pretty flat were around 40 billion, as far as the LCR ratio goes, we continue to make great progress, we're at 93%, we'll probably end the year around the 100% if the rules don't change, we get any relief from the final rolls that come out our LCR ratio will be significantly above 100% which actually could be used as an advantage are going forward potentially. As far as the type of securities we're purchasing, as we get cash flow in, we are buying tier 1 securities of mainly Jenny Mays and U.S. Treasuries. Our duration in the portfolio is a little bit over four years but our new purchases are shorter and that's what we're trying to average down a little bit.
Bible: No we would be 100% off the rules that are proposed today, we're at 93. So we're in a really strong position and if we get any relief from the final rules, our number will be low north of 100%.
Bible: It is, I think we are just proactive in managing our balance sheet, we always want to have maintain strong capital and liquidity versus our peers and I think we're doing that.
Bible: So, I think our commercial growth was about 9% for the quarter. If you excluded the warehouse I think we are more in the may be the 6% range in C&I ex the warehouse, so we did have a seasonal increase which was certainly a contributor but we still had underlying to warehouse strong growth overall.
Bible: Yes, I think the main driver for our change in asset sensitivity was both we had a large growth in commercial which is mainly floating rate assets and we continue to have strong growth in BDA which is more of a fixed rate funding source. So, those two are the main drivers for the change in asset sensitivity. From our duration portfolio perspective, we continue to make our investments shorter on average of what the portfolio is by just trying to shorten up because get ready for when rates start to rise in next couple of years.
Bible: I think long term our bank's portfolio duration should probably be anywhere around three and a half years give or take.
Bible: Yes, Matt I would probably say we are in the 27% range for the next couple of quarters and as you get out into '15 as our pre-tax income continues to climb, our tax rate will climb a little bit as well, so maybe in the upper 20% range into '15. 
Bible: And also remember that does not include any fee income or other ancillary businesses. So when we look at the returns on these assets, we're well in excess of a 15% return on equity probably north of 20%. Plus these are floating rate assets, so that we will benefit as these basically reprice when rates start to go up.
Bible: Yes, Mike this is Daryl. I can tell you that we converted our first piece of our financial system, this summer we actually completed it in the May-June time frame that was our fixed assets accounts payable, tax piece. We are looking at doing the actual GLPs in the next quarter or two. And then in '15 as we get out there, the system that we're doing basically has a database and that will start to be converted throughout '15 and that will take couple several conversion. So from beginning to end, it's probably a two year process. We had good progress at the start and we're continuing to get ready and we've been working very hard to get through these conversions. So I think we're making good progress.
Bible: I would say definitely by the first -- end of the first quarter. Conversions in the fourth quarter have a little bit more risk. It all depends on how you're testing from UAT goes and if there is any remediations, if you have enough time to remediate and still pass stocks compliances. So we may try to do it by the end of the year. And if we don't get it done by the end of the year, we'll get it done in the first quarter.
Bible: Besides personnel costs, I think we're pretty confident that our regulatory costs will fall. Even and will of our GL conversion, I still think our professional expenses will continue to fall and discretionary costs I think will continue to fall. So I think we have enough momentum that we will drive our expenses down through all those items by the fourth quarter.
Unidentified: And so I guess really my core question is really this, you're currently running at around a low 70 kind of core earnings number and the consensus estimates have you kind of coming out of this year at $0.80 and given the commentary on revenue it's sounds then like the entire incremental improvement is coming out of OpEx and I guess my question is, is that a forecast that you're comfortable with.
Unidentified: Good morning. This is actually [indiscernible] Paul. Can you just say what the line utilization's been in the quarter? We saw a couple of banks that had a pickup in utilization.
Unidentified: Okay. And then just curious if your credit result this quarter included Shared National Credit exam and then you guys have been pretty vocal about what you have seen going on, on leverage lending market, are you surprised at all that the industry hasn't seen more of an impact from the Shared National Credit review? Thanks.
Analyst: And so I guess really my core question is really this, you're currently running at around a low 70 kind of core earnings number and the consensus estimates have you kind of coming out of this year at $0.80 and given the commentary on revenue it's sounds then like the entire incremental improvement is coming out of OpEx and I guess my question is, is that a forecast that you're comfortable with.
Analyst: Good morning. This is actually [indiscernible] Paul. Can you just say what the line utilization's been in the quarter? We saw a couple of banks that had a pickup in utilization.
Analyst: Okay. And then just curious if your credit result this quarter included Shared National Credit exam and then you guys have been pretty vocal about what you have seen going on, on leverage lending market, are you surprised at all that the industry hasn't seen more of an impact from the Shared National Credit review? Thanks.
Clarke: Yes, this is Clark Starnes. We actually had some nice improvement, our utilization was up 700 basis points up to about 39% have been running in the mid-30s, so it was as Kelly said higher utilizations and things like our energy portfolio, our REIT portfolio, mortgage warehouse and several of the initiatives that we already talked about. So we were quite encouraged about that, hope it will continue.
Clarke: Keith, Kelly's point, we ended the quarter strong, in the period growth rate was actually higher than our average. The end of period came in double-digits, so that's clearly going to carry us over in the third quarter but to your question about CapEx, what we are seeing is some more new money issuance around mostly M&A, so a little bit more CapEx overall but more on the M&A front that's driving some of the demand that we're seeing, a little less on the capital return.
Clarke: Yes, Keith, this is Clarke. Our results do include full results for our portfolio around our SNC exam, so we were quite pleased and not surprised however at our results and certainly think, I would just suggest there is more to come elsewhere in the industry because there clearly is a lot of pressure from the agencies on labor twining. And I think you will see that impacted come out as we move forward.
Clarke: Matt this as Clarke. As you know we look at a number of metrics and factors in our model not just a particular ratio -- any one particular ratio, so there is not really a binding constraint necessary in one area. But obviously our reserves stand at 1.27% very strong coverages, but where the releases having been coming from has been the liquidation of the older higher yield advantages as Kelly said earlier, the fact that our NPAs are moving more toward a normalized level. We just wouldn't expect substantial or if any releases going forward, as our non-performers have more or less moderated and we're down to a more normalized level of absolute reserve percentage, so that's really what's driving our thought at this point.
Clarke: Sameer, this is Clarke. That's a great question. It continues to be highly competitive. I think what you are seeing in our portfolio and across the industry is the continual trend of the old one, it's running off at higher spreads and the new one's going own at lower spreads, so you are exactly right. For us we are encouraged to some degree in that while we continue to experience the old one run off, we are beginning to see some stabilization in our new spreads. So for example in our C&I business, our spreads in 2Q were about 190 basis points, were about a 185 basis points in the first quarter. So for us, our belief and hope is that if we stay disciplined in our pricing and our risk selection that as those old managers burn down if we can have some continuity in those spreads quarter-to-quarter then we will see that pick up in choke in our net interest income.
Starnes: Yes, this is Clark Starnes. We actually had some nice improvement, our utilization was up 700 basis points up to about 39% have been running in the mid-30s, so it was as Kelly said higher utilizations and things like our energy portfolio, our REIT portfolio, mortgage warehouse and several of the initiatives that we already talked about. So we were quite encouraged about that, hope it will continue.
Starnes: Keith, Kelly's point, we ended the quarter strong, in the period growth rate was actually higher than our average. The end of period came in double-digits, so that's clearly going to carry us over in the third quarter but to your question about CapEx, what we are seeing is some more new money issuance around mostly M&A, so a little bit more CapEx overall but more on the M&A front that's driving some of the demand that we're seeing, a little less on the capital return.
Starnes: Yes, Keith, this is Clarke. Our results do include full results for our portfolio around our SNC exam, so we were quite pleased and not surprised however at our results and certainly think, I would just suggest there is more to come elsewhere in the industry because there clearly is a lot of pressure from the agencies on labor twining. And I think you will see that impacted come out as we move forward.
Starnes: Matt this as Clarke. As you know we look at a number of metrics and factors in our model not just a particular ratio -- any one particular ratio, so there is not really a binding constraint necessary in one area. But obviously our reserves stand at 1.27% very strong coverages, but where the releases having been coming from has been the liquidation of the older higher yield advantages as Kelly said earlier, the fact that our NPAs are moving more toward a normalized level. We just wouldn't expect substantial or if any releases going forward, as our non-performers have more or less moderated and we're down to a more normalized level of absolute reserve percentage, so that's really what's driving our thought at this point.
Starnes: Sameer, this is Clarke. That's a great question. It continues to be highly competitive. I think what you are seeing in our portfolio and across the industry is the continual trend of the old one, it's running off at higher spreads and the new one's going own at lower spreads, so you are exactly right. For us we are encouraged to some degree in that while we continue to experience the old one run off, we are beginning to see some stabilization in our new spreads. So for example in our C&I business, our spreads in 2Q were about 190 basis points, were about a 185 basis points in the first quarter. So for us, our belief and hope is that if we stay disciplined in our pricing and our risk selection that as those old managers burn down if we can have some continuity in those spreads quarter-to-quarter then we will see that pick up in choke in our net interest income.
