Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Allay, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist's first quarter 2023 earnings call. With us today are our Chairman and CEO, Bill Rogers; and our CFO, Mike Maguire. During this morning's call, they will discuss Truist's first quarter results, share their perspectives on current business conditions and recent events, and provide an outlook -- updated outlook for 2023. Clarke Starnes, our Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer; Beau Cummins, our Vice Chair; John Howard, Truist Insurance Holdings' Chairman and CEO are also in attendance and are available to participate in the Q&A portion of our call. The accompanying presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist Investor Relations website, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on Slides 2 and 3 of the presentation regarding these statements and measures as well as the appendix for appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Bill.
Ankur Vyas: Great. Thank you, Bill. Allay, at this time, will you explain to our listeners how they can participate in the Q&A session? As you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to limit yourselves to one primary question and one follow-up so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Ankur Vyas: Thanks, John. Okay. That completes our earnings call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you for your interest in Truist. We know you guys will have a busy day, but we hope you have a great day. Allay, you can now disconnect the call.
Bill Rogers: Great. Thanks, Mike. So to conclude on Slide 19, Truist is on the right path. And I'm highly optimistic about our ability to realize our significant post-integration potential as summarized in our investment thesis. Our goal financially is to produce strong growth and profitability and to do so with less volatility than our peers. As we began to shift from integrating to operating several quarters ago, we also made a strategic decision to focus our resources on areas where we have an advantage in the marketplace and are most synergistic with our core strengths. Since that time, we focus on product solutions and distinctive experiences that are most relevant to our primary consumer and deposit households into our commercial, corporate and high net worth clients while reducing our investment in businesses and clients that are less strategically relevant with respect to returns and relationship opportunities. We believe these changes are consistent with where the banking industry is likely to go from here. We're already realizing the early benefits of this shift. For instance, first quarter net new consumer checking account production was among the best we've seen since becoming Truist, driven by our continued focus on core deposit clients, the attractiveness of new products, including Truist One and improve retention as well as flight to quality. Branch checking account production has increased 13% since the launch of Trust One, and as I said earlier, has accelerated up to 18% compared to a year ago in the first quarter. The steady improvement we've seen in client satisfaction has been driven by the distinct service our branch and care agents provide as well as improvements in our digital processes and procedures that originated in our client journey rooms. As I indicated earlier, I'm really proud to care of our teammates -- care our teammates provided to our clients in March, and this is reflected in higher voice of client scores during the last few weeks of the quarter. Lastly, we continue to advance our integrated relationship management program by establishing long-term growth targets for our most strategic IRM partnerships, details of which I shared in December. Relative to the first quarter of last year, these strategic partnerships have grown revenues by 35%. At the same time, we acknowledge that the environment is tougher and strong balance sheet and expense management will remain critical for our stakeholders. In closing, while uncertainty has increased, Truist is in a position of strength across a broad range of outcomes because of our diverse business mix, dynamic markets, conservative credit (ph) culture, balanced approach to interest rate risk management, strong profitability profile and our strong risk-adjusted capital position. I am truly optimistic about the future of Truist as our more than 50,000 talented teammates build on our momentum to create distinctive client experiences and deliver on our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities. So with that, Ankur, let me turn it back over to you for Q&A.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. Ken, it's Bill. We're -- pre-COVID, we were sort of at 29%. As you mentioned, we're right 32% now. We're going to clearly migrate down to that high-20s. And sort of depending upon where rates are, I think that sort of is the stabilization level as based upon what we know right now. And just to add to what Mike said as well and continue to just focus on the positive side of the retail deposit production, I just expect that engine to continue. So while sort of on balance, we might be down flattish to down 1 or so percent, that includes a really good positive production momentum we have in our core franchise.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. They're going to continue to get lower like, we instituted our Truist One, which is sort of a big part of the deposit generation and new client acquisition, but it's also our no overdraft fee accounts. So those will continue to draft lower. And those are in all of our guidance and everything that we talked about. And they’re basically right on path to where we thought they’d be.
Bill Rogers: Right. And Mike, I'm going to spare from the corvette analogies is just try to sort of go right at it. As Mike said, I mean, we're really -- we're going to continue to focus on positive operating leverage. The revenue guidance is really an NII guidance issue. Our continued focus on insurance, investment banking, all the other things that comprise that, we're still very confident of. And hopefully, if markets really improve in the second half of the year, might even have some upside. But your point on the expense side is exactly right. I mean, we have call it, 4% or so, sort of embedded in the categories that you talked about. So the ability to manage in that other component of that. And trust me, every business leader has a positive operating leverage plan, and they are readjusting those plans based on particularly those that have an NII component to their plans and the things that they can do. You saw already this quarter, things that we're doing that are more reflective of the strategy you talked about the realignment of fixed income, consolidation of LightStream. I mean in the past, these might have been things that sort of would have been off the table. Now they're firmly on the table like everything else as it relates to expenses. We'll do more work in the mortgage area, all the things with spans and layers, real estate, digitization, automation, all that is firmly on the table and a clear focus for us as we move into the rest of this year with a keen focus and eye on positive operating leverage.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. Really sort of same way around actually. So we really -- we're going to eventually wind down the LightStream brand and increase the Truist side of that. We created LightStream for completely different reasons that don't really exist today as it relates to Truist. So we've got this incredible franchise, incredible market, really good digital capabilities. And what we're doing now is say, let's bring all those digital capabilities, really fast turnaround times, incredible Net Promoter Scores with LightStream to all the Truist client base. So the emphasis will be on the Truist client base and then also with partnerships that are Truist clients rather than sort of this national brands. So I'm pleased with what we did. I think we did all the right things. We created this really cool capability. But to the comment I made earlier, we are also supporting a separate brand, and that has a lot of expense associated with it. There's a lot of marketing and other things with that. And we're having incredible success with the Truist brand. So we want to bring it under that umbrella, create some more efficiencies from an expense standpoint and then I think accelerate from a revenue standpoint and penetrating and further cementing these incredible deposit relationships we have.
Bill Rogers: Yeah, Erika. Thanks. Remember, we're actually at 9.4 today, as we've completed the interest and Truist Insurance Holdings. So if we start with there, I mean the mode we're in right now, I mean, we're comfortable where our capital level is. But we're in a capital build mode right now until we're not. So we want to really understand the landscape, understand the regulatory landscape, be prepared. We've got 20 basis points or so of sort of organic capital accretion that comes into play. That's post our dividend. Our dividend will continue to be important to us, and we'll continue to support our dividend. So I think we've got -- we're at a good place right now with capital. We'll continue to be in a little bit of the capital build mode. So we'll sort of blow through that 9.5 number you mentioned here in several quarters. And then we'll see. We'll just sort of see where the regulatory things line up and the opportunities that we have. And I think we've got the most organic combined with financial and strategic flexibility on capital to respond to sort of anything that might come our way. You did mention though, our focus is going to continue to be on supporting organic growth. We're going to maximize RWA, but we don't need to reduce RWA. So that we don't need to change RWA from a capital standpoint. But we do want to optimize it. We do want to create more velocity around RWA, which I talked about. Dividend being important and then M&A on particularly things like insurance and then capabilities to create sustainable advantages. And then as you mentioned, share repurchase is just not in our short-term window. I mean that's just not our focus right now.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. I think relative to the first part of that, yes, that would be the goal. And I think they’re getting cleaner every quarter, and they’re going to continue to stay on that flight path. But when we have opportunities that we think are long-term beneficial, we’re not going to miss those. But I think your basic statement of we’ll be – will we have a cleaner quarter process in ‘24, yes. And I think they get cleaner every quarter along that path.
Bill Rogers: Yeah. And for us, to your margin question, investment banking business always been a good margin business and has had a lot of discipline over a long period of time. And part of that sustainability, I think you saw some of it this quarter is back to the earlier comments and questions were having about the strength of the franchise. So being able to take advantage of this incredible franchise and client base really afford us this opportunity all across high grade, debt and equity, earn revenue being up. So it just creates more consistency and more confidence for us in that revenue base.
Mike Maguire: Hey. Good morning, Ken. It's Mike. That's right. We saw really throughout the course of the quarter, relatively stable flows. Actually, if you think about sort of where we saw our balances evolve throughout the first-two months of the quarter, very typical. We saw some seasonal outflows related to public funds. We saw the expected impact of qualitative tightening, which we've seen throughout the previous couple of quarters. And so we're probably down about 1% or so. And then in the last month of the quarter, we really saw continued public fund outflows. We saw a little bit of higher rate pursuant behavior. We saw people cycling into money market accounts to a higher extent. We saw some of our wealth clients cycle into investment accounts and ended down about 2% for the quarter. I'd say the bulk of the money [indiscernible] happened during that week that Bill mentioned in our opening remarks. As far as outlook is concerned, it's been business as usual and steady since really that first week in March. And our expectation, frankly, is that the impacts that were driving some pressure in the fourth quarter and the first two-thirds of the first quarter will continue to put pressure on deposits, probably to the tune of 1% to 2%.
Mike Maguire: Sure. I'd say from a TLAC perspective, this is something that we've had our eyes on for a number of quarters that the entire industry has, certainly, companies our size. We've studied the framework. We've previously probably were considering tailored versions of TLAC, perhaps that will ultimately be the case. But in the abundance of caution, the framework that we've assessed is sort of a traditionally applied framework, the same that the largest banks in the country have applied. And from our perspective, our regular way issuance, certainly given some reasonable phase-in period will allow Truist to comply really without much effort. And so to your question around debt issuance, we -- you saw we raised $3 billion in January. Our expectation given Truist scale and funding needs and perspective is that we'll be a relatively regular issuer. And to the extent that we get a better sense for what's eligible and not eligible from a TLAC perspective, that may influence how we issue whether it's at the holding company or the opco. But I think the net of it is that we feel really well prepared and positioned to comply with TLAC to the extent that that's applied to Truist.
Mike Maguire: Yeah. That's a quarterly view. And I'm not sure that's going to sort of be linear in its progression. If we think about just the impact of qualitative tightening and some of the work that we've done and certainly prior to this first quarter was just getting a sense for our share of the easing and how that may impact our share of the tightening. And so that 1% to 2% is reflective of QT continuing on a quarterly basis, and it's also reflective of, frankly, is the rate environment that we're in as people continue to assess bank alternative products where perhaps higher rates or investment products are or an alternative, but that's a quarterly view.
Mike Maguire: Sure. Maybe just -- and we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our net interest margin in the first quarter, we were down on a reported basis, about 8 basis points, and that really had two primary drivers. The first was, we also mentioned that we have a little bit more liquidity on the balance sheet. That was something that we made the decision to do sort of in the abundance of caution. And so while that doesn't really have an impact on NII because there's very sort of de minimis negative carry relative to the funding cost there, it did swell the size of the balance sheet a bit. So the denominator impact drove about 2 basis points of net interest margin decline. And then we also had just the overall funding mix shift, which probably drove the bulk of the rest. There's also 1 basis point in there for PAA. Those same factors that drove our NIM down 8 basis points in the first quarter exist in the second quarter as well. Perhaps to -- and to some extent, in terms of the behaviors, maybe it will be a little bit more modest, but you also have to quarterize some of those impacts. And so our expectation is that NIM probably has downside of another, call it, dozen basis points in the second quarter. As far as the second half, probably have a more stable outlook for the NIM. There's -- we've mentioned before that we've sort of intentionally approached a more neutral kind of rate sensitivity position, but I think beyond that, it's really going to depend on some of these other factors. The betas, the mix that Bill just talked about on the DDA side, whether or not we see credit spreads widen as an example, is a factor two. The beta that we have in our assumption around NII and NIM, you mentioned we're at 36% today. That until now, we've been exceeding our expectations just as the first quarter where we performed a little worse than we expected, our spot data today on a IBD basis is 40%. We expect that to migrate to the low-40s for the full second quarter, and we have a terminal outlook of 44%.
Mike Maguire: Yeah. I'll start there and maybe Bill may have something to add. But the investment banking business is performing well. It was a bright spot for us. In the first quarter, we have expectations that it will continue to perform well. Pipelines remain solid. And I think that a lot of that is driven by the fact that we've been adding really high caliber sort of franchise type talent to that platform, not just recently but consistently over the years. And so look, I mean, there's no doubt about it. There's market interruptions, transaction markets, deal markets are a little harder. But in sort of the middle market and upper middle market space, where we feel like we've really got a powerful franchise, we continue to get deals done for our clients on the corporate and sponsor side. And so we're still very supportive and optimistic about the investment banking business. And look, we're managing it carefully and revenues will be highly correlated with expenses in that business, but that's always been the case.
