Alan Greer: Thank you, LeAnn, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. With me are Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review the results for the third quarter and provide some thoughts for next quarter. We also have other members of our executive management team who are with us to participate in the Q&A session. Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer; and Ricky Brown, our Community Banking President. We will be referencing a slide presentation during today’s comments. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information, are available on our Web site. Let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information in our presentation and our SEC filings. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to page two and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. At this time, I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Kelly. LeAnn, at this time, if you will come back on the line and explain how our listeners may participate in Q&A session.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, LeAnn. And thanks to everyone for joining us. If you have further questions today, please don’t hesitate to call Investor Relations team. And this concludes our call. We hope you have a good day.
Kelly King: Thanks, Daryl. So as you’ve heard, we believe the quarter was an overall strong performance quarter. I would point out that our mergers are working really well, expenses are being rationalized market acceptance in all of our new markets is very, very good. And our Community Bank teams are executing extremely well in expense reduction and revenue productions. Loan growth in today’s market to be honest is just very, very challenged. Still, Daryl indicated we do expect our loan growth to be in the 1% to 3% range as we look forward to the fourth quarter. And that’s going to be based, we think, probably somewhat lower levels of pay-offs. And we keep looking at possibilities of asset purchases from some other institutions that are rationalizing their balance sheet. So, when you put it all together, we think that we’ll be in the 1% to 3% range. And frankly, I expect much of an impact on the fourth quarter. But here in next year, I think the market is likely to get better, once we get through post elections. Part of what is going on in the third quarter and in turn that this kind of slowed down that everybody has talked about is there is just a lot of anxiety. I saw report a couple of days ago that 60%, or slightly less, but about 60% of the market it is really, really anxious about the elections. And I suppose we quite understand that. And so I think when all this subsides, however it goes, it will be less uncertainty and less anxiety, I think that will in still a bit more confidence then people will be a little bit more willing to invest, and make acquisitions and borrow money. So I think that’s a bit on deposit side. We did have several good strategic agreements that have helped future earnings. We continue our system investments. And I’ll point out, we did add three members to our executive management team. So, we feel good about where we are, and we, at BB&T, are building for the future. Now, I’ll turn it to Alan.
Kelly King: Matt, I think what you’re seeing is that everybody in this low environment taken a hard look at the structure of the balance sheets, and their ability to accumulate capital. And so like us, I think everybody is looking to risk adjusted return of asset starts business. So, if an institution has a relatively low capital base and not much growth opportunity, one of the best ways for them to improve their return on equity is to reduce certain assets. And so, if they have a particular asset that does, maybe they’re high and they’re mix in terms of their appetite with regard to that, they may chose to exit. We’ve seen some of that. It’s not a big deal out there, Matt, to be honest. But you’re seeing some of it, and we are continuously looking into the market to take advantage of any of those that come about. Because as I said, our strategy is to grow from the organic market what make sense. And then the settlement of that with other opportunities that allow us to get to some additional growth. And that’s one that we’ve had some success we’re doing this year and we think will have some success going forward.
Kelly King: Ryan, I think to go the speech it was very consistent with what he’s been saying really for last two to three years. He’d been I think appropriately moving to adjust some of the initial Fed criteria around CCAR. He clearly I think believe that CCAR process needs to be much tougher on the large systems versus large regional like BB&T. And so, I think he speak simply to some degree he codified his movement in that direction. But from our point of view, frankly, it does not change a lot, because we have a robust CCAR process. We’re not going to dismantle it just because we wanted 250 million, that wouldn’t make any sense. Number one, the way we’re doing CCAR today, we actually benefit from it. We think it's a healthy process. And so, we would continue basically as it is in any way instead of drop there the whole requirements. But certainly we wouldn’t drop it and they have to pick it back up if we did it strategically, it would put us out to 250 million. So, it was encouraging and that I think the signal is that the intensity of change with regard to really banks under I think 500 billion is just not going to increase. In fact, this is -- it's kind of stable. And as he said, the intensity of additional increased scrutiny is on the SIFIs, so that relatively is good news for us.
Kelly King: The energy portfolio is really, it's just a very small portion of our strategy in Texas. We review the energy portfolio as more of a national kind of a strategy. And I would expect it to continue to grow modestly as the overall industry continues to recover from the lower rates. With regard to Texas, in general, our acquisitions on the city branches, de novo branches, are growing extremely well. The Texas market overall is doing well. We’ll begin to see a little bit of softness in Houston around some multifamily knowledge which you might expect, nothing dramatic. But you’re beginning to see the effect of that a bit nowhere else really across Texas. So we’re gaining momentum substantially. We have about $7 billion or $8 billion operation in Texas which is strong with 14th in market share, up from 53rd in market share when we started in 2009. So, Texas is still growing about 1,000 people a day. So we’ll continue to grow faster than market in Texas. And continue to build out our franchise with de novo types of branch expansions. We will certainly, in the long-term, be in some acquisitions but that’s not a part of our strategy today. And our organic strategy is play very well. We love Texas, and Texas loves us. And so we’re having a lot of fun in Texas.
Daryl Bible: Yes, so it is early as you pointed out in budgeting process. But we’re being very, very intense about our expectations for next year. So, I am thinking as we look forward for next year for off of this base of expenses they’re kind of flattish. So we do not see a material increase and some opportunities with a slight decrease.
Daryl Bible: It’s just our normal strategies of growing our loan book in specialized area as faster than the total loan book. So you have higher growth and higher earning assets from that side. On the funding side, we continue to get really strong growth in DDA, which is a free funding source which gives us positive. So I think we feel very confident that our core net interest margin will remain stable even with these low rates. The GAAP margin just has pressure coming down as our purchase accounting runs-offs over the next couple of years.
Daryl Bible: So, I would say, you have the same number of days in the fourth quarter as you do in the third quarter. Net interest income dollars will be down from third quarter, mainly due to a little smaller balance sheet as we reduce our securities portfolio. But we’re really trying to optimize and get higher overall performance in the long run that set us up for 2017. We think where we want to position us that being more optimal in ’17. And so, I’d say dollar is probably down in that $20 and to $30 million range on a linked quarter basis.
Daryl Bible: LIBOR, as you know, moved up with money market change that happened this month. LIBOR will continue to probably stay at relatively high levels as we cross over year-end. So that benefits us as we have a lot of loans still tied to the LIBOR rate. We have I think three times more assets that we do funding and liability starts that’s to tied to LIBOR. So that should be a benefit for us. So I think we feel good. And in our forecast right now, we do have an increase in December. We aren’t really forecasting anything out ’17 right now, but we do have the increase in our forecast in mid-December.
Daryl Bible: Majority of our assets are tied to one month. Our liabilities are tied more towards three months and one month. But there is a mix.
Daryl Bible: I would say if we were to buy securities now, they still probably -- we’re very conservative in what we buy. We buy treasuries, agencies, MBS, so all high quality. The yields are still no more than 2%, probably in the high 1s. We do feel that, from a liquidity perspective, our securities portfolio can shrink a little bit. We also feel really good that that will set us up, I think, for a strong 2017. And we’ll have optimal opportunities that can higher performance numbers as things start to happen in ’17.
Daryl Bible: Kevin, this is Daryl. I’ll answer. We really aren’t giving a whole lot of guidance for ’17 right now. We’ll give much more or better clarity as we get into January and finish our planning process. But with Erika’s question, our banks right now has a $1.691 billion. We expect that to be down a little bit this next quarter, call around 1%. And what Kelly said in ’17 is we’re going to try to hold that expense rate flat, maybe down a little bit. But we’re going to do our best with all the competing priorities to keep our expenses relatively flat for ’17. But we’ll give you more color as things get finalized in from our operating plan.
Daryl Bible: Yes, good question, Kevin. So we had $33 million in MSR valuation income, $18 million was that valuation adjustment to the MSR. And every now and then you have to update and soon your prepayment models and basically our asset valuation was lagging peers that we index and looking again. So we had to adjust our prepayment models, which have allowed us to take that $18 million into the valuation adjustment. So, if you take that out, we had good hedge performance of $15 million and that was just good performance in the TBAs that we had that we’re hedging.
Daryl Bible: When we got through the planning process, we always have our business lines planned positive operating leverage. We want them to stay within the risk appetite of what they’re trying to accomplish. So, we’re going to have a plan that puts the other positive operating leverage. So, hopefully, we will be able to generate and give improvement on efficiency. But we’re really aren’t guiding to any specific number. It's really going to depend on the execution and what the market will allow us and what we can grow from a revenue perspective. So we can control expenses. As Kelly said, we will be very tough on expenses and do what we think is right for the long-term benefit of our Company and our shareholders.
Daryl Bible: Ken, we are constantly looking at our balance sheet, and always try to optimize our balance sheet. And what we are aware of what we have on our balance sheet on the long-term debt side. And potentially there could be some that we would evaluate as we enter into ’17. No decision has been made. Nothing is final. But obviously there is potential opportunity there to maybe improve run rate and improve efficiency and returns.
Daryl Bible: Steve, this is Daryl. I would say we’ll continuing to run down we’ll probably average our securities down another $2 billion give or take from where they were. So they were down about $1 billion linked-quarter, second to third, and maybe down about $2 billion linked quarter from third to fourth.
Daryl Bible: I would say our merger related costs have probably been in the $20 million to $30 million. I mean, it’s pretty much phasing down. This might be the last quarter of any substance. We’re getting some little dribbles and drabs in maybe first part of ’17. But I’d say $20 million to $30 million fourth quarter.
Clarke Starnes: John, this is Clarke Stanes. I’ll take that. Basically fact is Kelly mentioned our production was actually pretty good for the third quarter, not substantially different than what we have seen year-to-date. They’ll be challenged with headwinds for the pay-off. So, assuming those pipelines continue to stay strong. And to Kelly’s point, if we see some more clarity around political side of things, we may see more activity as we go into next year. But our view is we believe we can produce reasonable growth within our risk appetite around GDP plus 1% or 2%. So, given where you think the economy is going to grow, we think that we can grow a little bit faster than that. But we don’t certainly believe we can -- its preview for us to get it well beyond that.
Clarke Starnes: Ryan, this is Clarke again. Certainly, we are being more cautious in the CRE sector. The two areas that we’re most cautious in right now is multi-family, because we believe that market may have peak or is peaking. There is a lot of projects in the pipeline. They’re going to affect potentially absorption of vacancy and those sorts of things. So we’re very careful to make sure we don’t create a new concentration there in. We’ll see some issues market-by-market. They will remain -- you see some of those symptoms. The other area is hospitality. We think that’s also had a peak in likely to potentially have some over-capacity as we move forward. So what I’m seeing is others sensing the same thing. And it is, the underwriting has clearly tightened and pricing increased for those that are still active in that space. But I think all the banks are being more cautious.
Clarke Starnes: Jason, this is Clarke Starnes. I think we put it on our deck. We believe our reserve rates are pretty much more or less at the bottom given where we are at this stage of the cycle as we come through the crisis and rebuild portfolios they’re now seasoning. We’ve been in the benign economy. So, we would not anticipate our reserve rate to go lower. So the way we think about it is the likely impact on provision is NPOs plus enough reserve build to maintain dollars, to maintain that reserve rate that we have today. So, that’s how we’re thinking about it, at this point.
Clarke Starnes: The rate hike is so late in December. It’s not going to have a big material impact. You’re getting the LIBOR benefit just crossing over year-end. So, I wouldn’t view that as material and we might be off a basis point. But you could be up a basis-point in core margin. So, it’s pretty much a non-issue for fourth quarter.
Clarke Starnes: Chris, fourth quarter has probably tends to find seasonality in those particular platforms. And so the retail oriented platforms tend to have higher loss rates in the second half of the year, that define seasonality goes the other way in the first half of the year. You also get the same impact on the growth rates. So I think all-in-all fourth quarter represents more of a seasonal peak than it does a run rate.
Clarke Starnes: No. I think it will be higher. They’re relatively small to the total of the bank. And there is some specialized niches where there is still more penetration opportunity to expand market share. So, I think we would expect those to grow higher than the bank rate.
