Kelly King: Thanks Daryl. So, again just to reinforce a couple of points, it was a strong quarter, higher revenues, increased margin, excellent asset quality, strong capital and liquidity, focused expense management, three really important strategic developments. Really great opportunities in several large markets, particularly including Texas and Pennsylvania. So I would say, overall, given that it is a challenging environment out there, we remain very optimistic about our future at BB&T. Alan, I will turn it back over to you for Q&A.
Kelly King: And Betsy, one final point. With regard to the analytical part of your question on the ROIC, as you alluded to, it is really hard to measure the specific ROIC on any individual products particularly in the case of the SORC platform because what will happen here is to return on capital will bleed over into all of the areas. So your deposit profitability will go up because you have higher acquisition and lower attrition and so forth. So, it’s practically impossible to measure it, but I would point out that on a product like this, because in terms of putting it up, it’s actually a very people-sensitive strategy. It didn’t take a huge amount of actual capital in terms of equipment et cetera to put it out. So it’s not a huge investment of capital. I am quite confident long-term to implicit total return is outstanding but I’d be really, really be hard pressed to try to prove it exactly. 
Kelly King: And then finally, John, I would just point out that we and I suspect everybody today are looking much more carefully at the components of our balance sheet in terms of risk-adjusted returns. Remember that there’s been a dramatic increase in capital and liquidity in the banking business today, certainly true for us. We believe that’s going to remain to be true and so historically, you kind of look to the bank and have strong loan growth kind of feels good about that. It’s not quite that clear today. Strong loan growth does not inherently means improvement in shareholder returns and so, if you can grow loans that have good asset quality and have really good returns relative to the rates you can get, that’s a good deal, but if you originate narrow spread loans that have a low return on equity, you either need to build originating sale or you shouldn’t be in that business. So you will see us like in dealer finance and in mortgage today you’ve seen us tweaking our strategies and you may see more of that as we go forward.
Kelly King: Yes, absolutely. I mean that market, I keep waiting for it to turn because, as I just alluded to, everybody has got some capital out there and so at some point the industry really had to turn on this, but it hasn’t turned yet and so this – I think what’s happening, John, is that, everybody is struggling with the fact that the economy is growing slowly, expenses are going up, and you naturally think that growing loans is the way out of that trap, But, we’ve kind of concluded that that growing loans just by growing loans is not a good strategy and so, yes, we will be very careful in that marketplace and based on today’s pricing, you would not expect to see that grow at a very fast pace. 
Kelly King: Yes, Gerard, what we said is that, we are really happy about the deals that we have underway. But because, for us, our M&A has a very long-term strategy, it’s been very successful for us. It has been very successful for us because we measure our sales and we do what we do well. And so, after we announced National Penn we simply say we are going to take a pause and we are going to make sure we do everything while having to reservation about that except this being sure that we stay focused and so, we are tightly focused on executing on these now and as I said, they are going very, very well. Long-term, our acquisition strategy has not changed. We think we still like to grow 5% to 10% of our assets in new deals each year, but I think sometimes when we are talking about this, people expect that will turn into a lot of – so that’s like $10 billion to $20 billion, so you might see us do more than $10 billion in assets in a particular year which is pretty immaterial. To be honest, Gerard, I don’t think there is much activity and large deals today depending on how you define large. Our focus is in that ideally in the $10 billion to $25 billion range. So if you think in large, it’s above that. We are not in that game today. So, I think there has been a lot of talk historically about that, but as far as I can see today, BB&T doing anything larger than 25 is virtually unlikely. Therefore, with regard to the $250 billion level, we could do another one or two smaller ones over the next couple of years and still not be over depending on how organic growth is going. You say that we are measuring our organic growth, so as we are able to see acquisition opportunities, at reasonable prices, we can tailor back more organic growth, keep our balance sheet under $250 billion and improve our overall return on capital pretty dramatically. Nonetheless, from a long-term point of view, I fully expect us to go past $250 billion, but as I said at one point, you wouldn’t expect us to be at $249 billion and do a $2 billion to go to $251 billion. I don’t think that would be very rational. And so, as we approach that $250 billion level, we will just have to be pretty clear that we’ve got lined up opportunities that will get us pretty meaningfully over that in the not too distant future. So, Gerard, if the $250 billion is not as big a deal as lot of people think it is, it does have OCI implication, it does have some advanced approaches implications. But other than that, we are already being regulated that if we were over $250 billion. So, it’s under the guides of our good practices and so we are making all the efforts to methodically move to be prepared from a regulatory perspective to go past $250 billion. We are not in a rush to do it. We are tightly focused right now Gerard on shareholder returns. And so, I wouldn’t be surprised to see us being little slower in acquisitions than people expect because we did a lot. We did over $30 billion in the last year and that’s a lot and particularly in a slow growth environment, we are really so tightly focused on returns and let the shareholders benefit from what we‘ve done already. 
Kelly King: So, just a final overall conceptual perspective with regard to M&A and this issue, historically, you thought about M&A as you are acquiring loans and deposits and a bunch of branches, and that’s why some people asking today why would you do it, because you have all those branches and branches are going away, that’s not really looking into the essence of what you really do when you are acquiring it. You’ve gotten this issue, you are acquiring relationships with clients which has created these relationships of the associates and the clients. So, we go in and we do rationalize the loan structure. We do go in and rationalize the deposit structure, but now, you do go in and rationalize the branch structure. But just because you go in and close branches, if you are – for example, it’s more effective which we think it will be, you go in and close more branches, that’s just one more really good opportunity to reduce the expenses. Eliminating a branch doesn’t mean you eliminate the client. In fact, by having a really well developed integrated platform like U, it gives you more opportunities, Rick alluded to, to be a little more aggressive on the branch side. So it’s not a negative, it’s just a more of a positive than it has been in the past.
Kelly King: So, we said, Michael that, clearly, insurance is our best and most significant non-spread business. Last quarter it was about 18% of revenue. To be honest, some people want us to grow really, really fast and we could be growing much faster. But, the overarching strategy for us is diversification. So it’s good as insurance is, we are not going to grow it so fast as a percentage of our business because there could be scenario where insurance gets really bad. In fact, it’s not as good today as it was ten years ago at certain points because of little bit softer market and we think that will be changing going forward. So, actually as we do things like Susquehanna and all those, where we build a revenue stream we can grow insurance faster. So, we wouldn’t want to think about insurance as revenue getting materially over, say 20% of revenues and – but what we think will happen is the rest of the bank will grow and we will be able to grow insurance and hang around in that 15% to 20%. Every time we do another deal there is likely a person here, another bank deal he can go do more insurance sales and so it’s a really good long-term strategy, but we are not going to grow it so fast and it get downsize relative to our diversification strategy.
Kelly King: But, Nancy, one other thing to think about and I am sure you know this, but, with regard to the insurance companies which of course drives the pricing, they are very competitive like banks are in terms of pricing and all, but in my view, when this thing pivots, this is going to pivot sharply for two reasons, one is, these companies have been accreting capital but they’ve also been having reductions in yields on securities. And so they are very yield-dependent on securities and so they have second win on their securities portfolio and so, pretty soon they will be pressured to get their rates up to get some decent turn on capital. And then the other thing is, they are doing what I call the insurance version of reserve releasing and they have not had any losses for a long time and so they are having reasonably good profitability because of the no losses. So you combine the fact that insurance, the yields on the securities are going down and then any kind of losses flowing because of catastrophes you are going to see them jack rates up really fast. So, what we are trying to do and Chris is doing a great job of is basically building that annuity and so we are really good at acquiring and retaining. We have one of the best native retention ratios in the business today. So actually, it didn’t hit us much in the short-term. Our long-term point of view, this is a good scenario for us because rates are down, demand gets really elastic. We are able to go out and acquire more, because people are more willing to compare their services and then we are really going to keep them. So, when it does pivot, you are going to see BB&T be in a really good place. 
Kelly King: Nancy, I think the – I think, we have seen the bottom with regard to credit quality. We are at the bottom while some may or may not started building yet - I think in the next quarter or so you will see that, because I think, the building actually occurs as a function of when you think you are at the bottom and where they are in terms of asset ratios. But we are at the bottom, you see a little bouncing around probably in my view over the next few quarters. I don’t expect quality to deteriorate substantially over the next several quarters. But, just the mathematics is that, with the bottoming, people are going to have to transition from releasing to building for growth. I don’t think you’ll have to see a lot of building for deterioration in credit quality for the next several quarters, but you will have to be because of growth. 
Clarke Starnes: Yes, I’d just echo what Kelly said, a big driver of the third quarter always is the seasonality in our subsidiary businesses. So I wouldn’t say that demand was materially higher, it was just a typical seasonality we see on – particularly on the C&I side. I would just remind you Betsy, that we are still relatively under penetrated in the larger middle market area in our corporate lending group. And so, again, we are just moving up to our reasonable share of the market there. So I think that necessarily new demand in the overall market is just our penetration there, but I think one bright spot for the quarter that was unique is we had the strongest growth in C&I and our community bank portfolio than we’ve seen in a long time. So, Ricky, you might want to comment.
Clarke Starnes: John, this is Clarke and Daryl could kick in on the rate-sensitivity I think for us. We just think those were very low margin assets for us with long duration and so we are – we would prefer to focus on being an originator and creating in the mortgage making income and just not use our balance sheet so extensively there. So we are very focused on volumes and originations but it’s more in a form of producing the fee income.
Clarke Starnes: Paul, this is Clarke. Absolutely, as Chris mentioned in some his comments, we had a really strong growth rate in our merging wealth model and a big part of that is home mortgage finance and so we are very active on jumbos and construction and perm loans for those clients and we do a whole those on the balance sheet and feel really good about that. So I think you would see that as a growth area and it’s a focal point for us in the future. 
Clarke Starnes: Mike, this is Clarke. We don’t have any second-lien exposure. And as Kelly said, the vast majority of what we have is senior secured reserve based credits. Very modest midstream and almost no oilfield services which is the policy exception for us. So what we did do in both the first quarter and now in the third quarter we actually did a very comprehensive stress test and looked at significant stress and prices well below where they are today. We looked at the results from the SNIK exam and the agent re-determination process and we re-graded the entire portfolio again in the third quarter. We did see a few credits go over the lots list based on that very conservative process, but, again to Kelly’s point, no non-accruals at all. We feel really good about where we are and all of that’s baked in to our allocated reserves and our allowance.
Clarke Starnes: Yes, I think, we picked up a small agency with both Susquehanna and National Penn which is unusual. We typically don’t get those. So we have a real good opportunity to build around and National Penn provides us a real opportunity we think to build out of Philadelphia which would be really key to supplement our C&I business. So I think, it clearly has opportunity and we’ve already had some lines in the water, but it takes time to sort of work through those opportunities.
Ricky Brown: Yes, thank you, Clarke, we did. We had a very good quarter production, linked-quarter was up in C&I, well it went almost 20% and that was really strong for us. We had growth in C&I for the quarter linked, which was solid, it bucked the trend of what we've been seeing because of this Main Street Wall Street kind of dilemma, where Main Street has been very slow. I don’t think it really sends a message that things are significantly different. I think it just sends a message that we’ve been working really hard as Kelly said, our opportunities in Texas and South Florida and Washington DC and Atlanta are all giving us good opportunities. And in fact, that’s where the most of our growth did occur in the larger regions in Texas and Florida and DC and Atlanta. We continue to be in pretty good shape with our pipelines. They are holding up fairly well. Our CRE business had a good production quarter as well. Growth was not quite as robust, part of that was just we had some paydowns with some construction projects, but good activity. So we look at the third quarter of this year as one of our very, very best quarters, but I think it is not necessarily market, it’s just the fact we’ve been working really, really hard.
Ricky Brown: Betsy, this is Ricky. Thank you for that question. What we think is that this really has three prongs that we hope to be able to exploit. First is that we think it can be a real driver for new household acquisition, and particularly in the Millennial space, it should really be attractive for Millennials and the early returns they really, really like it. Secondly, we see this as a big opportunity to reduce attrition. So if we can get our existing clients to put more of their financial lives on our application integrate with more products, we get them to be stickier and attrition goes down. And then thirdly, we hope to be able to launch more cross-sell activities, because they are going to be able to see things more clearly, be able to use their products more effectively and the good news about this platform as Kelly said is, it’s integrated, it’s not built at a private that has an in lock that it will iterate over time or be able to add new products to it. Clients will be able to choose what they want, they’ll be customizing the look that they want for themselves. So we think it’s pretty, pretty unique and we feel really, really good about it. We are about one month into all regions having access to the product in terms of clients. All of our new clients that we are signing up for our online services are going through our U platform. We are beginning the process of converting existing clients through an up-sale and or a request process. So far we’ve got approximately 70,000 users on the platform and that’s only in about a three or four week timeframe. So we think it’s really being adopted very well and the response to the application has been exceptional, that’s what we are getting from our people in the field that what our people are driving this program getting feedback is it’s been very, very good. As we said, it iterates and we hope that through our next release, we will be able to have the ability for folks to have stock reports on their application. They will be able to get weather and news and we also are very hopeful that we’ll have a FICO score that would be refreshed every quarter for our clients to be able to see. So that we think that’s the important for them to understand credit and financial literacy and that’s a way we can help do that. So, we are very excited about the platform and we hope we will continue to get good growth. 
Ricky Brown: Gerard, this is Ricky. Thank you for the question. We see branches continuing to be a very important part of our delivery channels to our clients. Still from data we can see clients do want to have a branch. They see that as the real tangible evidence of their money and they like to be able to get to it if they got a problem they will be able to walk in and see somebody face to face and clients still see, I think financial institutions as a people business. And yes, we are getting more mobile and more digital when things like U and other types of digital offerings are there. But we still see branches important. We will be very judicious in terms of expansion of branches and I think we got to be very careful about acquisitions to ensure that what we do acquire would fit in the distribution system that makes sense and over the long haul, we will clearly try to rationalize the number of branches that we’ve got. We’ve been doing that year after year after year. We will be doing that with National Penn and Susquehanna. We have already announced that we were closing 22. We think there is some more that we will be evaluating when they will happen. But clearly, rationalization of your branching network is the direction that we are going to continue to go in. We think that with the advent of digital and things like U, that we’ll be able to go into markets where we’ve gotten great distribution, great coverage, great brand and perhaps be able to take branches out that you wouldn’t ordinarily think that you would be able to take out because you can absorb them into your digital space into your overall branch distribution. We are doing a few experiments on that as we speak so far successfully. We think there are other opportunities. So, we think that long-term branches play a big part. We think that you got to do things like U. You got to have a good ATM system. You got to have a good call center system. You got to have 24/7 access that’s absolutely consistent with our point of client experience. But long-term you got to figure out how to have the interplay between all of these channels so the client gets the access to BB&T, but clearly our most expensive channel is the branch. We will be rationalizing over time and we will be building smaller branches when we do build them reducing cost in that network is important.
Daryl Bible: Hey, John, this is Daryl. We are right in the midst of our planning period right now and we typically update everybody on 2016 what’s going to happen in our January earnings call. So we are kind of lay low on any 2016 guidance right now.
Daryl Bible: Yes, John, this is Daryl. If you look at the credit spread that we make on mortgages, if we put it on balance sheet because of the long tale in a negative convexity that mortgages have – you are less than a 100 basis points, about 85 basis point credit spread. So it’s really hard to get any good long predictable returns in that business and we’ve been doing this strategy now for several quarters and what we are seeing in our balance sheet is that we are basically originating less fixed rate and more floating rate which is what you would say more about 50-50 mix now. So it’s been significant move on our sensitivity to a little bit asset-sensitive, less tail risks, but we really are capturing all the revenue and volume because we are originating everything we can do on our markets, which is choose to securitize and all the conforming products. So it’s not going on balance sheet.
Daryl Bible: One of the other benefits, Paul, is, jumbos tend to be more shorter duration. You basically don’t stay in the houses as long so it’s a shorter asset for our balance sheet as well.
Daryl Bible: Yes, so, for Bank of Kentucky, we closed on that transaction in June and integration happened the same time that we closed and for the most part, all the cost have been taken out and we are pretty much what we thought we would be from that. That’s pretty small a transaction. As far as Susquehanna goes, there are some cost cuts that have come out, but for the most part, you won’t see big drops in their expense base until you get into the first quarter. Remember that the conversion is in November. You have to give a 60-day notice period whenever you are going to have ref individuals. So, you basically won’t get big drops in FTEs until you start to see first quarter and then by second quarter of 2016, we will probably fully effected phased into 2016. So that’s when you will start to see the efficiency ratio possibly impacted by those cost cuts.
Chris Henson: Yes, Paul, this is Chris Henson. We definitely could, I think, specifically on the areas of Texas and Pennsylvania, we will need to build up those markets. And that’s why I think you had the key, I think likely to be small fill-in where we don’t represent the branching network currently. We really don’t have to have anything else with respect to products. We have all the product coverage so it be small fill-in.
Chris Henson: We even have a specific program that’s really more sort of a white – approach to the wealth side as you mentioned.
Chris Henson: Nancy, this is Chris. In the US market, it is generally down about 1%. We are little heavier in property, especially with AmRisc which is CAT property. So we probably are filling it a little more along the lines of say, 2% to 3%. On the other hand, the way to outrun that is do new business production. So our new business on average is up in the – call it, 8% to 10% range. So, we actually, as Daryl commented are growing on a same-store sales basis, about 2% and in the fourth quarter, it will persist, but with the new business production and the bounce back of the seasonality we’ll expect fourth quarter to pop back up 10% to 12% range over the third quarter. So we will recover the seasonality and hopefully outrun the price challenges through new production. 
Chris Henson: I think so. I mean, we saw in 2012 and 2013, price improvements of about 4% that built 1% to 2% last year and we are kind of that in that flat to down 1% nationally. Property seems to be catching little bit more brown over at the moment. So I think it could continue through next year. But we have in our business a couple organic opportunities that are unique in the sense of Trump Life where we actually are building a cross-sell life insurance within all the points within the bank well P&C insurance, C&I businesses. So we have really a model with a focused effort as well as through the branches. And then we have a state-of-the-art EV platform, we bought a company called Preset bank in 2012. We build what we think is state-of-the-art platform nationally and that really got up and running mid last year and we had really good momentum. So those two areas provide us a bit of a offset to the pricing as well. 
Chris Henson: And Nancy, a point I would make is, what really drives pricing is, catastrophe in the market and what we just experienced while – it’s been terrible for many people in the south it will begin to turn the market. So it was directly related to what type of weather events we have in catastrophe events we have in the country. But I do think we have some organic engines, some opportunity to actually outpace and if it’s down nationally 1% today we are growing 2% we are outpacing the industry by about 3%. And we think potentially as we get these organic kind of run up, we got actually some upside. 
