Ankur Vyas: Thank you, Jake. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to Truist fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. With us today are our CEO, Bill Rogers, and our CFO, Daryl Bible. During this morning's call, they will discuss Truist's fourth quarter results and also share perspectives and how we continue to activate Truist purpose, our progress on the merger, and current business conditions. Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer; Beau Cummins, our Vice Chair, and John Howard, our Chief Insurance Officer, are also in attendance and are available to participate in the Q&A portion of the call.  The accompanying presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the Truist IR site, ir.truist.com. Our presentation today will include forward-looking statements and certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please review the disclosures on slides 2 and 3 of the presentation regarding these statements and measures, as well as the appendix for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. In addition, Truist is not responsible for, and does not edit nor guarantee, the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized live and archived webcast are on our website.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Bill.
Ankur Vyas: Thanks, Bill. Jake, at this time, if you'll explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session. As you do that, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary question and one follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible today.
Ankur Vyas: That completes our earnings call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thank you all for your interest in Truist and attending our call. We hope you have a great day. Jake, you can now disconnect. 
William Rogers Jr.: Thank you, Daryl. Slide 24 is our investment thesis which is built on four pillars or themes that we believe truly differentiate Truist and allow us to inspire and build better lives and communities as well as deliver purposeful growth for all of our stakeholders. I also think it's the same reason I've got the best job in banking. I shared color on this refreshed investment thesis with many of you in December.  So, on slide 25 and in summary and conclusion, Truist had a very good 2021, highlighted by improved financial performance, strong fee income from our diverse business model, significant capital deployment and strong risk management as evidenced by our excellent asset quality metrics. We also made substantial integration progress, taking many significant steps towards becoming One Truist.  As we look into 2022, our formula is going to be simple. First, we'll complete the merger in the first quarter, eliminate merger related costs by year-end and achieve our cost saves, all of which will help us produce positive operating leverage.  Second, we'll begin to pivot from an integration focus to an operating focus on executional excellence and growth. The momentum we have going into 2022, combined with being One Truist across all dimensions – technology, digital, brand, products, process – gives me great confidence in our performance and potential as we make and complete this pivot.  Lastly, we'll have the capacity to deploy more capital on behalf of our clients and shareholders as integration risks subside and the economy stays on sound footing.  So with that, let me turn it back over to Ankur for Q&A.
William Rogers Jr.: John, the simplest way to think about it is the 2% sort of assumes a flattish kind of NII. And the upside of the 2% to 4% is in the NII. And then the balance of the growth is non-interest income. 
William Rogers Jr.: John, maybe I'll do a little sort of where we are and what the jumping off point is to put a little put a little context around that. As you well know, loan growth is a function of production utilization, pay downs, and pipelines is the way that I like to think about the about the formula in its most simple way. And as we finished the fourth quarter, we really saw the production start to increase, utilization was up about 2.5 points, which was – that's the first time we've seen a swing in the utilization front. And that was pretty universal. So, we felt good about that from a momentum standpoint. Paydowns were up a little bit, but maybe most importantly, is the pipelines were at really, really high levels. So, our CCB pipeline, our CIB pipeline and our CRE pipelines all were at historically sort of high levels compared to the quarter and compared to this time last year. Usually, this time of year, you're starting to clean out pipelines and sort of trying to refresh in the first quarter. So, we enter this with a little more confidence and momentum than maybe we have in the past. On the consumer side, we have some headwinds from student loan, but that was really just left purchases available. So, I think that's sort of a little bit of a conscious kind of decision. And then home equity, which I think just is a symbol of sort of how people want to borrow in the future, but remember, things like service finance are coming on. So, we completed that purchase in early December. So we'll sort of get the benefit of that on the consumer side as we come through.  So, in terms of thinking about the whole year and thinking about puts and takes, I think sort of a mid-single digit from here kind of growth rate based upon everything we know now, nothing else changing, so on and so forth, I think is sort of eminently achievable, and I think reflective of the momentum we have right now.
William Rogers Jr.: One other point I'd add. I think Daryl was making this earlier. This also covers the investments that we're making. So, we have this unique opportunity, in that we've got cost saves out of us, but the ability to cover not only the inflation pressures, but also our investments in talent, our investment in technology, the ability to grow our businesses, that's all factored into this guidance. 
William Rogers Jr.: I'll take a crack at that. Obviously, that's an extremely high focus area for us. If we start with deposit and client side, I would say it's been exceptional and exceeded our expectations. The branch closures, retention numbers have been really in the high, high 90s. I think it's just a reflection of clients' confidence in us, our presence in the market and our ability to handle their needs, whether it's digital or whether it's physical. So, that part has been exceptional, exceeded probably all expectations.  And the same thing we see it in the deposit growth. Those are hard numbers, look at market share, but I feel like we're taking share in that sense, in that retention model. As it moves to teammates, I think you and I have talked about this. Right into the first year of the merger, our retention numbers were actually higher for Truist compared to each heritage company. So our teammates had voted for the merger and wanting to be part of that. And we look at not only overall with retention, we look high performer retention. We divide it up a lot of different ways. Obviously, that attrition has picked up. And that's picked up across the industry. I still think on a relative basis, we look really strong from that standpoint.  And if you think about what's going to happen to us, we also changed the denominator a bit when we closed a lot of branches and we're still consolidating. So, our ability, I think, to stay ahead of the attrition game, I think we're really, really well positioned from that standpoint.  But also, and maybe equally importantly, is our attractiveness to hire talent has never been better. We are bringing in some fantastic people that want to be part of our company. They've bought into our purpose. They love the idea of being on a strong legacy company that feels like a startup. So, it's got sort of a nice combination to it. Our commitment and capacity to innovate, make investments has been really attractive. So our attrition numbers are up. There's no doubt about that in the last year. Everybody else's is. I think on a relative basis, we're okay. We manage it to an absolute, though. That's the way I think about it. And our ability to attract talents, really, really strong. Never been stronger.
William Rogers Jr.: I think the commitment to positive operating leverage is clear in our guidance. Related to how much we achieved, I think given we've had a pretty conservative forecast on the rate increases, if we get additional rate increases, this was predicated – the 1% in your lineup was predicated on two rate increases. If we get more, those sort of follow straight through to the bottom line. So, we create more operating leverage.  But I also think, the point I made earlier, we're continuing to invest in this business. We're not going to achieve positive operating leverage and starve our business. The ability to achieve the cost saves, redeploy them into the appropriate investments for the long term, that was the vision of Truist. That was the premise upon which we established this merger.  And I think, arguably, and it'd be hard to dispute, it's taken a little bit longer. Some of those were decisions we made, the best of both was a little more expensive than we had anticipated at the outset. But I think you're really starting to see, and I can feel, you can feel it in the pivot in the fourth quarter, you can feel it in the pivot in our guidance, of the promise of Truist is manifesting itself in not only positive operating leverage, but purposeful growth and an ability to invest in the business for the long term.  So, yes, we're committed to positive operating leverage, underlined, exclamation point and all the other comments, but in a way that we're continuing to invest to grow our business for the long term. 
William Rogers Jr.: I think it's a combination of things, John. When I'm out visiting with clients, demand is never the issue for business. They all have demand. And that cuts across actually a wide swath of industries and geographic locations. So, the ability to do business.  I think you're seeing a couple things. One is, I think what your premise was, and your question, people building a little inventory, sort of anticipating, trying to get ahead some of the supply chain, I think you see that. Then you just see stuff happening, like in the dealer side, cars are showing up on lots. They may be showing up on lots needing a chip, or whatever it may be, but they're showing up. So the ability to borrow against those capacities. And then, I think people are just making the decisions to move forward. Deploying capital, they've had plans. If they've delayed plans, they're continuing to look at the current Omicron as potentially a short term situation that reverses itself, and they don't want to get behind. They're all in competitive situations. So, I think they're deploying capital against the opportunities that they've had planned for the several years. So I think it's a combination of a lot of things, just resiliency of the economy and a little bit of positioning to get one step ahead of both supply chains, wage pressure, whatever it may be and the competition.
William Rogers Jr.: The thing I would add, Ebrahim, and what I said on Mike's call, the run-off of the purchase accounting accretion gets easier year after year. So, the ability to drive positive operating leverage will get easier as we go out two, three, four years.
William Rogers Jr.: Maybe just to clarify the first part of your question, we've been on offense. I think it's just an ability to be further on offense and to accentuate that capability. If you look at virtually all of our categories, if you think about insurance, as an example, relative to insurance, if you think about our investment banking relative to investment banking, if you think about deposit growth, loan growth, client acquisition, digital adoption, whatever measures you want to choose on a relative basis, I feel like we're already gaining share. And I think, to your point, our capacity to gain share, our competitiveness, the breadth and depth of our product capability, the talent that we have on the field, the training that they're receiving, the way they work together and integrated relationship management, the way that they allow all cylinders of the company to benefit the client, we've just never been more competitive against small, against regional, against large. I think all the things that we wanted to see and feel from Truist are absolutely coming to bear on the field every day.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, Matt. I think we were at the conference in the fourth quarter, we said we would have around 3% inflation. That's about $400 million. That's what we're ballparking for us for next year. We have the benefit, obviously, of having our third tranche of cost saves coming through in 2022, which really makes the adjusted expense growth pretty moderate versus not having those cost saves.
Daryl Bible: If you looked at my prepared remarks, we talk about net interest income. We really right now have in our base forecast only two Fed increases, one in June and one in December. That's the lower end of the revenue guide. Obviously, if you look at the forwards markets where they are today, it's I think 3.8 times, so almost four Fed moves factored in. That would get us to the higher end of the curve. We gave you a couple of metrics. We're using a 25% beta in our rate sensitivity. And that 25% beta equates to about $25 million per month for every Fed increase that we have there. If you look back historically and look back at the recession that we had when Fed started to raise rates in 2015 and 2016, the betas for the first 100 basis points were 15%. And we're modeling 25%. So I think we're a little bit conservative on that side. We'll see how things play out. We are modeling a higher beta when you go up over 100 basis points. So, the next 100, we're at 35. And then anything over 35, we're at a 50% beta. It's kind of the assumptions we're using.  On the fee side, we feel pretty  growth on the fee side. We had momentum there. We had a tremendous year in 2021. We still think we'll continue to have pretty good pull through of revenue, with the exception of mortgage just because of lower spreads and volumes.
Daryl Bible: Ken, as I said before, our trajectory on expenses is not just down every quarter, it moves up and down. Obviously, we've got some seasonal factors going from fourth to first with FICA and 401(k). And then, we are building our marketing budget and basically rolling out our Truist brand across the whole footprint pretty aggressively to build brand awareness.  I think as the quarter and years play out, I think you're going to see expenses maybe pick up a little bit. And then,. as we get through all the technology decommissioning, that's probably the biggest cost saves to still come through. That's really back end loaded right now. We still have 400 branches that will go away early in the quarter. But for the most part, other real estate and technology savings are probably the biggest savings, which will be towards the end of the quarter. And we feel really good about still hitting our target that we originally set when we announced the merger. 
Daryl Bible: If you look at the investments we're making this quarter versus last year, it's probably double what it was. So, we're actually investing more in the company and still achieving our cost saves. 
Daryl Bible: Gerard, I think as we've said before, we're going to continue to look at sort of where we are in our merger integration, where the economy is, the health of our business and make those adjustments on an ongoing basis. And this won't be a quarterly kind of thing, but just as we see significant shifts in those criteria, evidenced by the fact we went from 10% to 9.75%, and also the fact we've got flexibility. The good news was we had loan growth at the end of the quarter that probably exceeded our expectations and that took our CET1 a little below that target, which we think is great. By the way, that's the sort of high class way to go below that target.  So, as we go through the process this year, we go through the CCAR process, look at all the stress testing results, I think sometimes toward the middle or the end part of this year, we'll take another harder look and be more communicative about where another goal might be.
Daryl Bible: The only thing else I want to add to that, if you look at our net interest income, just to remind you, we have run off of purchase accounting accretion of about $400 million planned for year-over-year. And we have about $325 million run off of PPP planned to be lower year-over-year.  So, for us, just to be flat in NII, 6.5%, the guidance that we gave for revenue growth has net interest income being up maybe a little bit, maybe 1% on a GAAP basis, but that's really 8% if you look at the real true operations of the company and potentially up to maybe 10% if we get rate increases and maybe some more loan growth. So, the company is really performing at high levels from a production basis on the amount of volume that we're putting through on the asset side of the equation.
Daryl Bible: I'll do your latter question first. So, the base for 2021 revenue is $22.3 billion, is kind of base I would grow off of. And then, for the Truist One, recall in Bill's remarks, it's probably going to start in the second quarter. And it's probably anywhere from a third to 40% of the impact would be in 2022 and probably spread out evenly over second, third and fourth quarter, and then kind of builds up in '23 and then the full run rate in '24 of $300 million.
Daryl Bible: It's a good question. And to the latter part of your question, there is some normalization of rate dependency to get to that lower efficiency ratio. And we won't make as much move on that in the next year, but our efficiency ratio on a relative basis, I think, will continue to be industry leading. So I think the ability to invest in our business, do it in a way that, to your points of scale, achieves a much more efficient company. I think we'll be able to continue that progress.  And then, if we get some sort of normalization of rates, I think looking out over a two and three year period, I think the low 50s is a reasonable target in a normalized kind of right environment. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah, so the base is correct. What you said was right, Erika. And then, if you look in our tables in the back of the appendix, we actually gave guidance around that out there. So you'll be able to easily kind of fill in your models with all that information. So, it'll make it easy for you.
