Clarke R. Starnes: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to report an excellent quarter of improved credit trends with very strong problem asset resolution. In particular, we've continued to execute our strategy to aggressively liquidate foreclosed real estate. This is having a very positive impact on reducing nonperforming assets and related credit costs and certainly contributing to higher earnings growth. So if you'll follow with me on Slide 8, you can see that total NPAs were down 15.9% on a linked quarter basis, which is significantly better than the 5% to 10% guidance we gave last quarter and represents the ninth consecutive quarter with lower NPAs. In fact, total NPAs have declined approximately $1.5 billion or 43.4% over the last 12 months and now, we're at the lowest level since 3Q '08. This linked quarter decline in NPAs is driven by lower NPLs, as Kelly said, of about 10.6% and within that, commercial NPLs were down 11.2%. Residential Mortgage NPL is down 17.8% and direct retail NPL is down 4.3%. So we're very pleased about that, and foreclosed real estate down a large 41.5%. I'm also particularly pleased with the strong results in our commercial book. This quarter, we had lower watch list, early delinquencies, performing TDRs, NPLs and OREOs, all across the board. Now given these positive results and our continued focus on improving asset quality, we are reiterating our guidance for a 5% of 10% reduction target in NPAs for Q3, assuming, as Kelly said, the economy does not deteriorate further from here. If you'll look at Slide 9, we've continued to make significant progress in reducing foreclosed real estate. This quarter, we decreased foreclosed real estate $157 million or 41.5% compared to Q1. And since the second quarter of last year, foreclosed real estate is down $926 million or nearly 81%. As these balances are now down to $221 million, and we continue to be aggressive in our disposition as we go into the third quarter, we think we'll effectively complete the targeted OREO strategy in the next couple of quarters. Our efforts to reduce OREO include a focus on minimizing inflows, which were down 33% compared to last quarter. I'm also very pleased that we've been able to reduce inflows while also reducing charge-offs. We continue to sell existing properties, with Q2 sales activity of $143 million. And we have approximately $70 million already in our pipeline, going into Q3. And what this is doing for us is substantially reducing our foreclosed property expense run rate. So these expenses were down $72 million this quarter versus $92 million in Q1, or about 21.7% or 87.4% on an annualized basis. So we expect foreclosed property expenses to continue to trend lower in Q3 and thereafter as properties are liquidated. Turning to Slide 10. You'll note that our charge-off ratio ex covered loans for the quarter was 1.22%, which was down from 1.28% last quarter and a bit better than our previous guidance. And Q2 losses are actually at the lowest levels in 3 years for us, so we expect total charge-offs ex covered to be in the 1.15% to 1.20% range in the third quarter and to trend lower thereafter as we continue to liquidate nonperforming assets. Given these improved credit trends, we did reduce the allowance by approximately $64 million in Q2, which is essentially the same level we had in Q1. Our reserve coverage remains, we think, very strong at 1.21x nonperforming loans. So overall, we feel very good about our allowance level. So in summary, we're very pleased about the solid pace of credit improvement this quarter. And we believe the strategies that we have set in place and continue to work under are performing exceptionally well. We expect to continue to have strong execution as we move forward. So with that, let me turn it over to Daryl for his comments on the quarter.
Clarke R. Starnes: Hey, Greg. This is Clarke Starnes and I know Daryl can chip in, too. But our spreads are holding up pretty well on our C&I and Corporate Banking, we're in about the 2.44%, 2.45% range, which is pretty good. CRE for us is typically about 100 basis points above that. So we feel good about that. Our home equity spreads right now are north of 200 basis points and certainly, we watch that. We'd expect it to maybe get a little bit better over time. Our Sales Finance, which is where prime auto is, is about 1.90% overall. And then obviously the Specialized Lending business is much higher than that. So we feel really good about our ability to hold our spreads up in a very, very competitive environment. We think that mix gives us a overall yield advantage with a nice risk adjusted return.
Clarke R. Starnes: Hey, Matt. This is Clarke. What we've seen is actually a little bit of firming, particularly in the corporate space, particularly around the near-investment grade. Our investment grade continues to be very, very competitive, but it's firmed up a little bit. So we feel really good about that. And that's probably what you're hearing the most about. It's still very, very competitive on the small business side. And the Community Bank-type originations, and that's probably reflecting in the Fed survey to a degree. But again, from our standpoint, we are very focused on the yields that we get and the type of clients that we go after. So we will let credits go overpricing, and that's one reason you've seen us hold up our margin really well.
Clarke R. Starnes: I can give you the mix, Paul, and Daryl can give you the spreads. But for the quarter, we put $2.1 billion on our balance sheet. About 34% of those were the 10 and 15 years, which was about at $712 million. That's what will no longer be portfolio. And 26% were ARMs and about 40% were jumbos and affordable. An so you can see what we'll be holding going forward is primarily variable rates, so...
Kelly S. King: Thank you, Daryl and Clarke. And just as an overall statement, I'd say we had a strong quarter, our best earnings ever, as I've mentioned, broad-based performance. What you see from us, I think, is what we promised you several years ago, very strong execution on our strategy and diversification and intense -- focusing on execution on the basics. And we're not a complex company, but we execute the basics in banking very, very well. I'll give you as one final example of that, we just received in the last few days a notice from J.D. Power and Associates that we are now being recognized as #1 in mortgage servicing quality for the third year in a row. So we are very pleased with our quarter and now I'll turn to Alan, to you, for questions.
Kelly S. King: You're right. The contribution specifically on revenue for the quarter was about $77 million, which is in line with what we expected. Recall that, that company is primarily bringing us revenue in the wholesale life business. It does have some wholesale property and casualty. What we like about it is in -- particularly in the life side is, that life insurance is, number 1, much more stable than P&C, and it has higher margins. So you think about property and casualty, EBITDA at one time at being about 20% and life at about 30%. So it's substantially more -- has a better margin. And we like that because, again, it's just balances out our whole insurance business. So it's an exciting opportunity. And I would mention to you, Greg, that even though it's fairly early now, we've had 90 days or so under our belt of being in the family. Everything we see is better than what we thought. So the synergistic opportunities, the quality of the staff, the product making, the brand that they have out in the marketplace is just absolutely fantastic. So it's a home run.
Kelly S. King: Gerard, this is Kelly. I would say if you look at our specific numbers, it would not affirm the slowdown, because as I indicated earlier, we actually have momentum building through the -- during the quarter. But if you look at what we actually think, what I actually think is happening in the economy, there's no question that it is slowing. And you've certainly seen that in most recent jobs numbers and retail sales numbers, et cetera. And anecdotally, just the problem I've noted during traveling in our regions, a lot, I've talked to lots of business people and everybody you talk to is getting more nervous by the moment because of the uncertainty. I mean, we're heading towards this abysmal cliff and people are getting really focused on it now. So no question, in my mind, the economy is slowing. I personally think it will continue to slow throughout the end of the year until we see what happens in Washington. But I would be very clear to say that we do not translate that into a dismal look -- forward look with regard to our own performance. We actually, as I said before, affirming our loan growth we got is in the 5% to 7% range. But to be honest with you, Gerard, it's because of -- we are moving market share, and we have a lot of business coming our way today, some of the institutions have passed, have some downgrades, frankly, and ratings and other circumstances that have caused clients actually to seek us out. Our strategies in Corporate Banking, Wealth Banking, Specialized Lending, et cetera, are executing extraordinarily well. We're just really fortunate that we've got some really unique opportunities in places like Alabama and Texas, Florida, that we're able to move market share just because of our brand value.
Kelly S. King: Erika, I would also add -- and this is intuitive, but I think as we go forward and everyone experiences more of the real effect of a prolonged low slight yield curve, everybody's running out of gas. Most have run out of gas earlier than us on that. And as everybody contemplates the shifts in terms of capital requirements on Basel, et cetera, all of that is going to cause, in my view, everybody to get firmer with regard to pricing. Our industry tends to ebb and flow in terms of how we price relative to the risk and we tend to do a better job when we get under pressure. And I think we're under pressure now and I think that would put pressure on the margin and you heard Clark talk about this firming already, just in the last 90 days or so, with regard to some corporate space bookings. So we'll see how that works out, but I personally think you will see a bit more rationality flow through loan pricing as we go forward.
Kelly S. King: Yes, Ken. We continue to be very vigilant about the execution. I'll visit 2 parts of that. What we started maybe 9 months ago was the reconceptualization in the expense area. And recall that the way we're approaching that, and frankly it's working perfectly, is to challenge our business leaders to go and then reconceptualize their business from a clean sheet of paper, with the overview from us that it's a new world. And thinking about your businesses today the way you did 5 years ago or a year ago is unappropriate. So think about your businesses as we currently see the new environment. All of our business lines are challenged for those plans from an expense perspective they did. We're now in the execution phase of that. And the projections are exceeding what we had expected. We're now right in the middle of launching the second phase of that, which is reconceptualization on the revenue side and we're going through the very same process where all of our business leaders are putting together revenue optimization plans and we present it up through and roll that to executive management and then as we head in the latter part of this year, will be an execution about a follow-on through next year. So that's a 2-part plan, it's going extraordinarily well.
Kelly S. King: Thank you very much, and just thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We really appreciate your support today and on an ongoing basis. Again, we feel very excited about the quarter. It's interesting where I think the industry is selling into is the differentiation between high performance and low performance it's going to be about execution. That's what BB&T always has been great at, it's what we'll remain great at and so we are -- relative to the environment, we are very, very optimistic about our performance as we go forward. Thanks very much everybody, and I hope you have a great day.
Daryl N. Bible: Jefferson, this is Daryl. When I look at it, and you can debate what the capital levels should be in some of the categories, but clearly, the Residential Mortgage is getting hit really hard and the higher capital in this mortgage area will definitely have an impact on the economy longer term. Unless the classifications between a Category 1 and Category 2, a lot of mortgages are going from -- to the higher category. They're going to double in capital and maybe quadruple, depending on how it's underwritten and how that -- it's calculated. Other areas, the unfunded loan commitments under a year, does it have a capital charge now, can it have a capital charge? Banks will probably have to either charge higher to get more revenue or the structure is going to change and we won't be doing any year and under unfunded commitment. So there's a lot of areas where they're going to raise capital charges and it's going to have an impact on the economy and growth for sure.
Daryl N. Bible: You bring up a lot of good points. Obviously, with OCI and the calculation, we have to maintain a nice healthy margin above the minimum level. So you will see us operate at a level, probably 150 basis points at least over what we have to target, our capital ratios. We also -- as you see, I think we're one of the banks that have the largest percentage of securities and held to maturity. Right now, a third of our securities are in there to avoid some of that -- the risk there. And you could see, you have to weigh the size of the investment portfolio also against some of the liquidity rules that are coming out. They kind of go against and contradict each other. But I think, overall, that the size of the investment portfolio could potentially be impacted as well. You definitely have a lot of different drivers there and you're just trying optimize the best you can without taking undue risk.
Daryl N. Bible: Okay. So if you look at it, this quarter, we benefited in margin by the TRuPS redemption. We've got additional $29 million because we're able to amortize that -- some of that fee gain this quarter. The rest of that will come in the first part of July. All the TRuPS that we called were out of the books this week. So when you look at that, we actually lose that coupon from the -- now until the end of the year. That's real money that we didn't have at our forecast before. That's another $70 million of earnings that we had, although we have to pay higher interest cost on there. The other thing that we're doing, as we mentioned it in our opening comments, is we're going to be selective in reinvesting our investment cash flows. So that's going to shrink our investments a little bit. Earning assets will still grow, but it's going to be driven by loan growth. But we are doing that in conjunction with not issuing debt. There's a negative spread right now between your investment yields and what you have to -- cost to borrow, so -- but that strategy actually adds another $15 million to $20 million to net interest income. That actually improves margin. So those are some of the strategies that we have to improve margin this year and in the next year. As far as BankAtlantic goes, we expect that to close and be on our books starting August 1. We have some purchase accounting in there, but it's really not a big driver to the numbers that you're seeing. The mark there isn't a huge mark compared to what we have with Colonial, so it's not going to be a large impact there. It's so small to the size of the company, it's not going to really be a big driver.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So remember, when we had -- when we've talked last quarter, we had our TRuPS coming out in the fourth quarter of this year. So we're basically -- by the MPR coming out, we're able to call our TRuPS early. So we amortized that remaining gain a little bit in July and -- in June and July. But then, those securities, the debt has gone off our books this week. So we're basically replacing that with just funding that we have in deposits within the company and we're shrinking our investment securities to help fund that. All that is positive drivers to net interest income and margin.
Daryl N. Bible: Matt, our foreclosure cost will continue to come down. It won't come down to 0, though. I mean, we still have some NPLs that are being worked through and need to go through the cycle. Our inflows are coming down, but it's probably going to take another year to 1.5 years before those balances get to more de minimis levels. But definitely, the trajectory is down in foreclosure expense, but it won't be to 0 this year.
Daryl N. Bible: Sure, John. Some easy things we can do, we've identified -- so we're at 8.2% right now and we are -- this is a very conservative number. We're assuming all the worst in how we are interpreting the language right now. Obviously, we aren't 100% sure in how it's all going to be applied, so we're trying to be very conservative in this number and this number is what it is today without any mitigation whatsoever. I know others this past week or so have added mitigation, added earnings over time and all that. This is what the number is today. So very, very conservative. Just a couple things we could do, we think, easily, if you look at the commercial construction book, they have a certain percentage of equity that needs to be funded in there. We just need to tweak our rules just a little bit on how we underwrite to get within, so that all of our construction loans follow within that 15%. Clarke feels very comfortable that, that's doable over the next year or 2. And that area, if you look at it, is our home equity lines right now. They're variable rate, they have no caps on them. We can move them from Category 2 to Category 1 just by putting some annual and lifetime caps on that. Those strategies right there raise our capital from 8.2% to 8.5% off of the numbers we have today. So we definitely think and we're going to get together and continue to work on trying to optimize these rules. Obviously, these rules aren't final yet, but we feel very comfortable and confident that our Basel III numbers will be strong and we still have a lot of financial flexibility.
Daryl N. Bible: John, all I can say is that, I think if you look at these Basel III rules long term, you really want to maximize the 150 basis points that's allowed between Tier 1 Common and Tier 1. So we will be opportunistic and try to issue preferred qualifying capital at times we think are advantageous to us to issue, to kind of fill that up. We did a great issuance this past quarter, and we will look for opportunities to do that. We just think longer term, when you look at your capital stack, we believe we really want to fill that extra 150 basis points up there just so we have strong Tier 1 Common, strong Tier 1 and strong total and leverage numbers, all very strong regulatory capital.
Daryl N. Bible: We were about 2.12% with our spreads. That was actually a little bit lighter than first quarter. So as your pipelines fill up, you are able to basically just have lighter spreads because the pipelines are full and everything is just able to get higher margins.
Daryl N. Bible: Erika, this is still a very challenging marketplace with a low, slow rate environment. And over time, the lower yields definitely does put pressure on margins and all that. I think our key really to counteract that is to continue to price our funding costs and those should continue to come down, and I think that will continue to come down into '13. We're at 44 basis points interest-bearing deposits. We are not out of gas there yet, so those can still come down and believe that's definitely still doable. If you look at our long term debt, we'll have some maturities next year that we can basically replace at lower cost there, so all of that should be positive. On the asset side, I think you hit a very excellent point. You really just need to drive your assets and try to focus and grow the ones that are the higher yield. So our specialty businesses are growing 3x faster than the total portfolio. CRE is 100 basis points higher than C&I, as Clarke said. So those portfolio should be growing as we're expecting. That said, I'm sure margin will still come down from 3.90% in 2013. But our ability to continue to reprice and counteract those things, I think, will make it more manageable as we get into '13 and '14.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes, Michael. I think when you look at it over the next 2 to 3 years, if you look at the TRuPS redemption, I'm having 3.60% to 3.70% as still in that ballpark, it's really dependent on how long the rate environment is and how long that lasts. We still have our covered assets that are running off for the next couple of years, but that guidance has not changed longer term.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. If you look at the spreads on that, Paul, the 10- and 15-year conforming had spreads about 3.30% was the -- that was the rate on it, the spreads were 1.20%. But if you look at new originations now, the 10- and 15-year rates are under 3% to probably 2.75% and 2.875%. So we really don't want to have that asset on our books for the next 5 years.
Daryl N. Bible: Well, I think we are very bullish really on Florida, have been, frankly, through the whole cycle because it's such a long term attractive market. But really, in the last 12 months, it's been a pretty dramatic change in Florida. In Miami, for example, a year ago, there were 24,000 unoccupied condo units. And now, they're virtually all gone. I think it's like a 5% vacancy rate. There are like 3 buildings under construction. So what happened is an awful lot of smart money out of Latin America came in and sucked up all the inventory and put it in the runoffs and that stabilized that market and that's why you're now beginning to see some positive growth in terms of the real estate sector. And the overall trends in terms of in migration versus -- we had a year or so of out migration, all of that has changed. I'm not saying it's booming, but based on all the feedback we get from our folks down there and all the general macro data we get, it looks to me like it's dramatically better than it was 2, 3 years ago, and it's steadily improving every day.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So for BBX, it's not significant from a total number. But it's a little less after that we marked. Well, that's a little less than $2 billion in loans that will come on the books. Yields on those loans should be very close to what the yields are on our current outstandings. And then on deposit side, we get I think about $3.4 billion in deposits. Here, 90% of these deposits are non-CDs, all very good core funding. And you get a little bit of fee income pickup from there from service charges and some other things, but that's really the main drivers that you have with BankAtlantic.
Daryl N. Bible: Yes. So we're at 44 basis points. Right now, we feel that the CD runoff and some sale adjustments in our MMDA accounts, we can probably approach 30 basis points over the next several quarters, so I think all of that is doable and in forecast, assuming rates stay low for a long period of time, that's something that we can definitely accomplish.
