Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So in summarizing, again, we did have a solid quarter, good loan and deposit growth, real momentum in the Community Bank, stable margins as Daryl described, excellent credit quality, strong capital, strong liquidity, acquisitions give us a real opportunity in terms of cost saves and revenue enhancement as we go forward, and while we don't think the economy's tanking, we don't think it's going to be super robust either. It's kind of a slow, steady as you go activity. But even so we have huge opportunities in new markets, in new product penetrations, though. Overall, a good quarter and we think we have a decent momentum as we head forward into the first. So, with that we'll turn it over to Alan for Q&A.
Kelly King: Thanks, Betsy. I'll give you and then ask Rick to comment on this. I feel relative to the economy, I feel pretty good. This combination of Susquehanna and National Penn giving us the number four market share in Pennsylvania is a real opportunity for us. We are further along in those two mergers than we've been in any mergers we’ve ever done that I can recall. And Pennsylvania is a really good market, a nice, diversified market between Philadelphia and the Lancaster area. So, it's our kind of area. So, we feel good about that. Florida is doing really, really well now. Texas is having a little bit of a dampening effect because of energy. But you know energy is only about 10% of the overall impact. So, I tell people, you say Texas was increasing by 1,000 people a day, so now maybe it's down to 850. Texas is still doing really well. And we have such tiny shareholder, whilst I think it's going to be relative to the economy a pretty good loan year for us. Ricky would you comment on that.
Kelly King: So for example, probably the most aggressive - you're seeing cap rates in the multifamily space in the 4 to 5.5 range rate properties, office would be in the 5.75 to 7.75 retail, down as low with 6, industrials low as 550, hospitality down to 6. And so again, we don't underwrite merely on the cap rate. We're going to look at a stressed cash flow coverage and we're going to look at existing market rents and we're not going to look at those pro forma escalations and we're going to look at stress exits. So, a lot of lenders are lending against that really low cap rate. So, it looks like you've got a lot of equity in the deal, but it's really probably over-financed. So, our loans would typically have less proceeds, given our approach.
Kelly King: Let me give you an overview. Gerard and Ricky can give you more detail. [indiscernible] What we've said, even though U is extremely successful and that will be true for the industry. We're clearly seeing transactions slowly, methodically reducing in the branches. And at the same time though when you talk to Xers and Yers and the lineal’s they will still tell you that one of the top two preference items in terms of selecting a bank is the convenience of a branch. Fact is, people still want to be able to go into a branch and see somebody to have a complex product or have a problem and there is a little bit of just pure psychology that we’re eyed by the branch and that’s where are money is and it makes me feel good. SO, you are not going to see a dramatic change in the number of branch, but you will see an increasing focus on the size of the branches, the structures, the staffing in the branches and all of that will help to relatively reduce our cost as we shift more into the digital platform. But Ricky, you could give a bit more color on that.
Kelly King: I know it sounds comical, this is a very important question for us and others. So, if you take a portfolio of clients as those clients move to more mobile digital technology and as Ricky continues to downsize to 5 and the number of staff in the branches. There is no question in my mind than to aggregate net cost to that portfolio of clients goes down. That's a big deal for the industry. [indiscernible] 10 years or 15 years for it to phase out, but it is a big positive trend for our industry.
Kelly King: But keep in mind one of the really positives about our insurance strategy is as you grow your client base better than the market, which we're doing, as you have a high retention rate better than the market, which we're doing, you're building in basically the way I think about it is a really positive annuity story. Because, best I can tell catastrophes will probably continue to have for since the creation of the earth, so I think it probably will continue. And so when they occur, premiums will go up. Premiums will go up, our commissions go up with virtually no increase in our cost structure. So, it's not there today, but it will be there.
Kelly King: So our comment was really saying that looking forward if there's a substantial decline in manufacturing that would impact loan growth.
Kelly King: No, no, no. Remember, June 1st we sold American Coastal and so we had - that business was worth to us about $145 million in revenue. So, we had in say the first five months of the year, we had in about $53 million or so and then from June 1 on we would have lost about $92 million in revenue. So it's really relative to selling. And when you look back at our common quarter comparison for this quarter versus fourth 2014, that's pretty much all American Coastal. If you pull out American Coastal, we're in fact up a couple of percent. So it has to do with the sale of American Coastal.
Kelly King: And remember, the American Coastal sale was not a net negative. We diversified. We reduced our risk. We reinvested that money in and risk and produced more stable, more profitable margin business in that area. So it was a net positive to us, but it shows a negative on the revenue line.
Kelly King: I'd say quite the opposite. We're outrunning the market. The market's down 4%, we're up 1.5% on same store sales when you pull out acquisitions. What you're seeing in the number is all American Coastal related.
Kelly King: Nothing's really changed in terms of our capital deployment strategy. As you know, we made it very clear that capital should first be allocated to organic growth and second to dividends and third to M&A and fourth to buybacks. So nothing's changed about that. Nothing's likely to change about that. These are long-term concepts that we run our business by. So you would expect to see us think about kind of a steady relatively positive increase in the dividend. You would expect to see us hold our total capital request for deployment to the low side of what a lot of people do, because we are committed to keeping a relatively strong capital position. And keep in mind, there is a big issue out there yet to be determined that is around the counter cyclical buffer. Not many people are talking about it, but that is a potential increase in capital. And so we're going to be conservative so that we don't end up having to go get capital a at a time when it's not market friendly. So given all of that, I would you say that you will see our performance in 2016 kind of look like 2015. Whether we do specific buybacks or not, as always it will be a function of whether or not we have acquisition opportunities that allows us to use up that extra capital like we have done in the last couple of years. And a function of what our price is. We're simply not going to go out and buy back stock when the price is high and it produces us negative internal rate of return for our existing shareholders.
Kelly King: And keep in mind, when you're doing reserve based lending, the fact that price goes down doesn't mean that they are all automatically evaporated. The oil's still there. The gas is still there. And so while you may have an extended period of time at lower prices, the cash flow and payoff the loan, the odds of losses in that kind of scenario is still extremely low.
Kelly King: Well, Erica, I think your question is insightful. I think the longer the challenging environment persists, particularly in some spaces, maybe like in the energy space, it's certainly putting disproportionate amount of pressure on certain companies. And to the extent that it lasts a while, it certainly could cause them to re-evaluate their strategic thinking going forward. So we remain from a long-term point of view committed to our acquisition strategy. Recall that it is to grow on an average basis 5% to 10% of our assets. And that's an area you could see the probability increase of potential partners that might be interested. So it always comes down to two things. Well, three things. It comes down to a cultural shift, but we don't really talk to people that are cultural fit. And then it comes down to their willingness to combine and then it's just mathematics. So to the extent that they are more challenged and that changes their appetite to consider strategic combination and to the extent that our performance does better and our price does better, that would enhance the possibility of us being a able to do combinations.
Kelly King: Big picture wise, I would tell you that excluding acquisitions, both the benefit we get from Susquehanna and National Penn, we feel very good that we can grow NII year-over-year from 2015 and 2016. That number is probably in the $150 million to $200 million range. With the acquisitions that the NII grow significantly more than that, just because we have a bigger balance sheet, higher earning assets. But this is the first year in a long time where we basically feel core is stabilized and potentially starting go up. We're going to grow our loan book and we're going to grow organic core NII in 2016.
Kelly King: Nancy, as well as you know, our company, you'll recall that our company was built with a lot of mergers of small community banks and thrifts that had a huge portion of their funding from CDs. And so as we layer in these acquisitions, we're constantly in a process of rationalizing those deposit structures because a good portion of those CD portfolios that we inherit each time are really, really price sensitive portfolios. And as we bring the pricing more in line with our normal pricing, a fair amount of those CD portfolios tend to exit. So that's why you've seen a kind of relative decline in CD financing over the last few years. You'll see some more of that as we think through Susquehanna, National Penn, although the price variation for them is not as different as it had been, some of our acquisitions in the past. We think CDs are a necessary and important part of our ongoing funding structure. There's a portion of that portfolio that is kind of core bread and butter, fully committed clients that we always keep. And we're willing to pay a little more to keep those because they're long-term, stable uses of our services. On the other hand, you always have the one that's are single service clients and they're shopping 15 banks and going to the one that has the highest basis point CD and we don't tend to keep those. So I suspect as rates go up, you will see our CD portfolio increase some, but it won't be as dramatic as you may think because we are growing our DDA and other funding sources at a very fast pace. And so that we intentionally and not as CD dependent as we've been in the past. It depends on the company. But with our variety of funding sources, I don't think CD financing for you us in the future will be what it was in the past.
Kelly King: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us. We have no further commentary at this time. This concludes our call. Thank you and I hope you have a good day.
Daryl Bible: It really includes both. When we go through the model, Betsy, every quarter we go through an analysis that look at how the loans are rated and how they're going to perform and what the embedded losses are and the marks are part of the embedded losses and what's on balance sheet. So, I think we feel very good about our current allowance level. As we said in the last couple quarters, as we grow our balance sheet we're going to continue to have to provide for loan growth, which means we're going to have to get paid for incremental growth from that perspective. So, I would expect the provision unless something changes materially to be basically charge-offs, plus also coverage for loan growth going forward.
Daryl Bible: I'll make a comment, Gerard, then let Clark give you much more color. We've said for several quarters as you know that the competition in the whole at CRE space has been very difficult. And that's been really low cap rates being used and high advance rates. And so we've maintained our steady conservative underwriting. For example, everybody's underwriting on these low cap rates. We underwrite on long term expected normal cap rates and that makes a big difference, how much you advance. So, we look at a lot of deals, we don't get them, but we're fine with that. We're just not going to violate our risk appetite to get volume in that space. But Clarke you could add some color on to that.
Daryl Bible: John, I think the way we look at it, you heard us say this before, it's probably what GDP is plus 1% or 2%. Our estimate and what our plan has is loan growth in the 3% to 4% range next year. But there's a lot of volatility right now. But that's what we have in our plan. As far as loan spreads linked quarter, versus third versus fourth, C&I was pretty much stable. A little bit of deterioration in CRE. Pretty stable in C&I and on the consumer side sales finance as Kelly mentioned in his earlier comments really well, but flat, about 1% on prime indirect auto, which is one of the reasons why we're shrinking that portfolio. And the bright spot is in Ricky's growth, a direct retail, we have strong growth in retail and our spreads are continuing to widen. We're up about 10 basis points, 15 basis points in that sector.
Daryl Bible: In fact, I would even say we invested in a higher margin business. At the end of the day, it should drive more profitability.
Daryl Bible: So, Erica, in my opening comments, we said that our efficiency ratio throughout 2016 would continue to improve and by the fourth quarter of 2016, we would have an efficiency in the range of 56% to 57%. When we put together our operating plan for 2016 a couple of months ago, we were very conservative and looks like we were at least based upon the futures now on target. But we've only embedded the December rate hike that we got in the plan until we get to the fourth quarter of 2016 and then I think in November, December timeframe we have another rise. So we basically have interest rates flat for 10 months of the year in 2016. We didn't have any more rate increases factored in when we came up with our operating plan and with these efficiency targets.
Daryl Bible: Okay. They really haven't changed for a couple years. So when we show our sensitivities, Marty, in an up 200 scenario, we have all of our deposit betas averaging around 60%. What we have seen to date -- so we've had a rate rise increase in December. We've had and we're projecting an outlook of positive margin in the first quarter of a couple basis points, it's really dependent on how successful we are and what the market does on how deposit rates change. I think we feel very good up 2 or 3 basis points in margin and we'll see if it's any better than that, depending on deposit line.
Daryl Bible: I would say -- I can give you a range and kind of bracket it because it's probably in between the range. I would say that our margin will be up 2 to 3 in the lower end and maybe double that, 4 to 6, on the higher end depending on how we have to adjust deposit prices. The retail deposit rates are pretty static. Commercial has been inching up a little bit. But it really depends on how things play out and it's probably not going to be the same deposit beta for all the rate increases. We're going to have lower deposit betas in the first couple of rate increases and as rates continue to rise, you're going to have probably faster deposit beta. So it's going to be very fluid and very dynamic going forward.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, so we had about $70 billion of loans that are tied to LIBOR and prime. I think it's about $50 billion LIBOR and about $20 billion in prime. You are right in that the majority of the LIBOR does move fairly quickly. Some of it immediate, some first of the month, but prime tends to move first of the month or quarterly so there's a little bit of lag. So even though rates rose in the middle of December, we still have not received the full benefit of all of our assets repricing and we're in the middle of January. It probably takes a good full two months, maybe three months before all the assets are going to be positively impacted.
Daryl Bible: Sure. I mean, we have $1.4 billion in outstanding and energy loans, and our allowance that we have allocated to energy is approximately 5%.
Daryl Bible: But, Nancy, in case you missed that, it's a very conservative portfolio, 67% is upstream, 30% is midstream and only 3% is support services and we also have no delinquencies, no losses, and no non-accruals.
Daryl Bible: That's -- 75% of our portfolio of course, I recall, are either in upstream or investment grade portfolios.
Clarke Starnes: Yeah Gerard, you've seen recently the regulators sent back out all the historical interagency guidance around CRE, which is clearly a signal that they think that it's moving a little too fast right you now. We see and hear most about multifamily concern about just the sheer number of continued starts or units in pipeline. At some point that's going to outstrip certainly the [indiscernible] markets in balance today and fundamentals look really good. We are seeing some markets where rents are as high as home ownership. You're seeing some of that again, but we're seeing underwriting things like lenders underwriting off these low cap rates looking at pro forma trended rents that are above market, really low vacancy, et cetera, et cetera, and certainly the regulators are just asking everyone to go back to the fundamentals in which Kelly described well for us, which we look very much at the cash flow and not so much just the low cap rate environment that we've been in the last few years.
Clarke Starnes: Hey, John, this is Clarke. We haven't seen it substantially impact growth yet. I would say the early signals that we've seen out of that is mostly when we look at large Company manufacturers or exporters. Their sales are softer. Their margins are down. Profitability is strained a bit. But we've not seen that necessarily translate yet into slower overall demand in the market. So, it's been more of just a subtle signals as we continue to analyze the credits.
Clarke Starnes: That's a good question, Matt. Obviously, just like everyone else, we are monitoring the oil and gas exposure daily and redoing our price decks and looking at the sensitivities and stressing accordingly and we're going down right now to at $20 or below in our stress case. So my biggest concern is that while we believe even down pretty low, we've got very strong asset coverage and our PV9s look good. I don't think even at low rates we fundamentally have a lot of loss exposure. I'm more concerned about this time around, there's a lot of layered bond debt behind the senior secured lenders. And traditionally that was not the case. And so what could happen this time if it stayed down long and low, it could cause a lot of non-accrual risk as you try to work through all that layered debt. And that could cause you to have to work through and consider discounts or losses beyond the collateral coverage you normally see. So we're trying to think about all of that and take a conservative view of loss given default, even if we've got good collateral coverage view right now. We're trying to make sure we stay ahead of that. I think our 5% reserve, given the quality of our portfolio, is very, very prudent and it takes those kinds of things into consideration.
Clarke Starnes: The true answer is no one really knows. It's all an estimate. And everybody has different opinions. But we have done work in our sensitivity, in our allowance process, and even down to a $20 level that in an ago aggregate basis we have asset coverage. And even if you look at the cash flows, discount that, we think it would not be material. Certainly, if it continues to stay down we would have to put more on the watch list potentially move some to non-accrual and a provision accordingly, but even with all that, we don't think it's a material number at this time.
Clarke Starnes: Nancy, this is Clark. They're originated out of a specialty group out of Houston, but they're all over the country in all the different energy bases.
Chris Henson: Well, this is Chris. We were a little lighter in the fourth quarter, primarily because we've got really, we got a soft market, really cranked up in the fall. So, average P&C prices today are down about 4%. We might be a little heavier in that us because we're heavier in property. But our new business growth has been, given the market, really good, up north of say 3% to 4%. So, on average, if you kind of look at like, look at same store sales when you pull out acquisitions, et cetera, we're up about 1.5% or so. We think this next year with sort of run rate and growth, we think potential acquisitions, we think we could be up in say the 3%, 4% kind of range. Next quarter, probably up in the 10% sort of range. And there's less volatility. We still have volatility from quarter-to-quarter, but there's becoming less volatility. We think first quarter's certainly become one of our stronger quarters, first and second, second could be a little stronger than first quarter, but pretty much similar run rates I would say.
Chris Henson: Yeah, what you've got in the general market is a lot of overcapacity. We just have not had huge catastrophes to sort of eat up the capital. So, you've got retailers which the standard underwriters are just sort of bidding each other up for price and they're trying to take deals from the next guy. So you got pricing on the retail side falling rather substantially. We're the second largest wholesaler. We try to keep about half of our business in retail, half in wholesale for this he very reason, because generally when retail is struggling, wholesale is a bit better. We're seeing pricing actually hold up in wholesale P&C pretty well today and we as you know being the second largest, we've got pretty good efficiencies. On the Amber side, which is more of an MGA, specific sort of wind cat underwriter, you've got deep, discounted price. We've been able to make it up for the most part with volume in terms of the bottom line. It's really all about overcapacity in the market and each other really kind of competing heavy on price. That all rectifies when you have a catastrophe. It sort of flips the other way then.
Chris Henson: And I think Kelly's right. I mean our retention which is the amount of existing business you retain at renewal is about 93%. We think the peers are probably in the upper 80s, mid to upper 80s. So, we think we clearly are advantaged there. The other thing with the pricing market, in early 2000s, used to have huge volatility. You had up 30%. I think in 2007, we might have been down in the mid-teens. Today, you see much less volatility. They might be up and down 6% or 7% because they have much better forecasting models to determine losses. So, it’s within a much tighter range.
