Alan Greer: Thank you, Kim, and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of our listeners for joining us today. We have with us Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer who will review the results for the fourth quarter of 2014. We also have other members of our Executive Management team who are with us to participate in the Q&A session; Chris Henson, our Chief Operating Officer; Ricky Brown the President of Community Banking; and Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer. We will be referencing a slide presentation during our comments today. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you that BB&T does not provide public earnings, predictions, or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express management's intentions, beliefs, or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. I refer you to the forward-looking statement warnings in our presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, please note that our presentation does include certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to page two and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Alan Greer: Thank you, Kelly. At this time we will begin our Q&A session. Kim, if you would come back on explain how our listeners can participate in this session.
Alan Greer: Okay. Thank you, Kim. And we appreciate everyone joining us today. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to call Investor Relations. Thank you and have a good day.
Kelly King: Thanks Daryl. As you've heard it really was an excellent quarter, solid loan growth and very strong fee income. Very pleased about our expense control focus. All of our key strategies are working. We are very excited about our mergers. To be honest relative to the market I feel really good about our future performance and look forward to discussing that you as we go forward.  So I will turn it back to Alan for Q&A.
Kelly King: So, John I want to give you -- and I appreciate that is the first question, because I wanted to kind of address that philosophically. To be honest, last year we spent a lot of time and focus on efficiency ratio because we had the unusual situation where our expenses had popped up at the end of 2013 and there was lot of concern that our efficiency ratios will go on to 59, 60, whatever. And we knew that was not going to happen and so we set a target of in the 56 range for the year and we ended up making it. But as you know, it was a little up and down, and this is, as you just pointed out, it’s a tricky ratio because you can manage your expenses more carefully than you can manage revenues, and revenues vary a lot and that impact from a denominator point of view really makes thedifference.  So we’re not going to set an efficiency ratio for this year, because I just don’t want to spend that much energy worrying about exactly whether it’s 56 or 57 or 58.1. I mean it’s just too much energy on that.  But what I would say to you having said that is, our intensity focus on expenses will remain to the extent that revenues grow more rapidly and that will put downward pressure on the efficiency ratio to the extent that it doesn’t put upward pressure on it.  What we are going to be focused on is absolute level of expenses. So we think expenses this quarter can be roughly flat. We've got a little challenge covering that $72 million, all of them in pension expense, but we’re going to target to try to cover that, and so that would argue that we would have a relatively attractive efficiency ratio. Long-term, we still have a target. I will say that in the 55 range, I don’t think at this year, it could be at that level. But, certainly, better than the 59, 60 kind of level, but probably in the middle area, but I'm not going to give a particular number.
Kelly King: And Betsy, I would add that, depending on how it goes my personal prediction is that, as I said earlier, I think rates will start rising, as I said, in June, and as Daryl alluded to LIBOR going up in advance of that.  And then I think you’re going to see institutions lagging in terms of deposit cost increase going up just because of the narrow spreads we’re already operating under. And so if all that happens then that will bode well for net interest margins as we get through the year.
Kelly King: Yeah. We spend a lot of time thinking about that Gerard. And obviously, you well know the ROA depends a lot on what's our level of equity is. But, we cannot think given the projected levels of equity we've talked about that ROAs will be in the range of 130 to 150 and that will probably kick out ROEs of 13 to 15. I think that’s kind of the way it would go. It depends a little bit how the mix works out in terms of equity levels in any given short term period of time. But -- so, I think you get back to kind of where we were on ROAs, but that’s because the relatively stronger equity. This could be a little challenging to back to the kind of ROEs we had, because we just got a lot more equity.  Now, that argues well for multiples in my view with regard to the stock, because you've got a less risky and more conservative and more resilient type of forward looking earnings theme. And so -- but I think for us and for the industry, you think about good ROAs, more like the old days that we remember so fondly and ROE being somewhat less, but still 13 to 15 with a low risk kind of company. Relative to the other alternative investments, I think it’s pretty attractive. 
Kelly King: But that doesn’t take away that we are still talking about flattish this year, Daryl just making there clarifying point that if you adjust to more normalized level 13, we would have there. What I'm trying to focus, Ken, is flattish kind of expenses for this year. Because -- in terms of the expense management all you can really do is focus on what's happening in terms of absolute level of expenses. And so if we can do that, even though it’s on adjusted 2% kind of increase over the no adjusted lower level of 13, I feel really, really good about that for 14.
Kelly King: So, Mike, I think your -- see your logical deduction around the math is reasonable. All I'm trying to do math -- and Mike you know, you've been around business long time and I just don’t like to have so much attention focused to one number, because obviously there are times when your efficiency ratio going up is improving EPS and return to your shareholders. So you don’t want to get the market too polarized and focus on that. But that having been said, I think your logical deduction between we were 55, we got it to 59, somewhere in the middle is probably reasonable phase to be. So I think in terms -- and Daryl can comment. But I think with regard to project one we feel really good about where we are on that. We are in parallel. Everything is balanced to penny of a day. So it’s working really well. We are working on fine-tuning the processing times to get the efficiencies and so we’re trying to decide right now to be honest how we go live in mid-February or maybe mid-April. But that’s not about the quality of system, it’s just we want to get the efficiencies of the system running. So that to your second point, when this system gets running and just to be efficient then we will ratcheting down the expenses that are running to parallel all the system and then over the next 12 to 18 months we will get efficiencies that this system is really designed for, which is to be able to go out and extract information from cost system on a much more efficient basis. Now, it’s lot of work to make that happen, but we know that there are lot of system improvements and design of how we extract information of those is going to make a system much more efficient as we go forward.
Kelly King: Well, we will unscramble it for you as we go along, Mike as best as we can. As you know it is a scrambled egg. But as -- you know the Citi and the Bank of Kentucky won't have material impacts, the big change will be Susquehanna, which will be in the third quarter. And so we will build it, pretty clearly identify for you then what the run rate for BB&T will be for the rest of the year and we will be able to be pretty clear about what the Susquehanna numbers will be. So, I don't think it will be as confusing as it may appear at this point.
Kelly King: As we talked a little bit about earlier, it will be pretty broad-based, which is why I feel very confident about over the course of the year and our large corporate is growing at 23% growth rate. That will continue at a very nice double-digit type of growth rate, I think, certainly for this year. Our retail is coming on really strong at 8.7%. That momentum will continue and maybe even build as we go through the year. Small business has been the challenge, but, to be honest, I think that's the bright spot for BB&T as we go forward, because the guest effect across Main Street America is likely to be very positive and that will cause more economic activity in the smaller credit area, which will really work to our advantage because we have a huge market share out in that space. And so when you look at overall loan growth, it's pretty diversified especially lending businesses, all of that will be very, very positive. So, we feel very confident.
Kelly King: Yes. Eric, we've said pretty consistently that when we think in terms of capital deployment, we're always focused on organic growth, first, because that's the most efficient utilization of capital. Dividends are a clear number two for us, and strategic opportunities are number three and buybacks our number four. And so, I think as we think about 2015, we clearly are going to be asking for an increased total payout. We expect to ask for a modest increase in our dividend. And so, you would expect to see a request in the neighborhood of 6% kind of range. We'd still be low compared to a lot of folks, but we're still very conservative and we just don't want to -- we just don't want to get ourselves strained at all on capital because you never know when opportunities are going to come along. So, we'll be relatively conservative, but still that will be a nice increase relative to 2014.
Kelly King: So, where you will see it, it will be hard for you to see, to be honest, Eric, because it's enterprise-wide. So, think about it this way. Our current systems have to go out and extract information from like 83 different places to pull together information on a monthly and quarterly basis and doing our CCAR preparations. And today, frankly, an awful lot of that is very manually extracted. And so, this system eliminates a lot of the manual extraction. It's automatic computer-to-computer extraction of information. And so in every line of business, you will see less staffing requirements because all of these data have to come out on these various lines of business, so loans and deposits and other areas across the bank. So, it will be very widespread, very hard for you to see, but it would be very easy for us to see in terms of the aggregate processing cost and as sort of will be as I said, a downward indicator with regard to overall efficiency ratio.
Daryl Bible: So, John, if you look at net interest income, rates have fallen in the last three to four weeks. I would tell you that net interest income, we’re planning for it to be up slightly on a year-over-year basis a lot of it is really determined by what happens by the Fed.  The Fed impact will impact us more than what we are seeing on the long end of the curve. As Kelly said, we are still expecting the Fed to increase middle of the year. And if Fed with their announcement in March takes the word patience out, you’re going to see LIBOR rates start to increase in the second quarter, which you’re going to see that starting to flow through into the net interest income in the second quarter just by LIBOR rates increasing. As far as margin for next quarter, we expect it be down about three to five basis points, couple of basis points on purchase accounting, maybe one or two basis points on core, but thereafter what we think a relatively stable margin, maybe margin actually going up a little bit for quarters two, three, and four.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So the first acquisition will be Citi, and hopefully that will close at the end of this quarter. That acquisition will basically increase our core deposits. We really won't have any impact on the size of the company. We’re just going to pay off national market purchases from that perspective, but we will add to run rate, because their cost of funds is actually lower than our cost of funds. So that should start to help.  The Bank of Kentucky, we plan for that to close in the second quarter. That will be a good transaction. On a size basis it’s a couple of billion dollars. But you will start to see a little bit impact, positive there, just because our earnings assets, balance sheet growth is a couple of billion dollars. And they have a lot of good momentum going on there, good market in Greater Cincinnati, so that should actually be a really strong transaction over time. And then Susquehanna, we are expecting that to close some time in the third quarter, and as that closes in the third quarter you’re going to see a nice lift in net interest income, fee income from that acquisition. And then expenses will start to fade away over the next year or so. So I don’t want to get any more definitive than that. But that’s kind of the timing that we are looking at.
Daryl Bible: If you just look at what's happened, what Kelly talked about early in our remarks, we are really growing our core deposits from DDA and our non-maturity deposits and it’s just outpacing all of our rather funding. And what Kelly said was exactly right. We've doubled our percentage of DDA in the last five years funding our company and we still expect to have strong momentum there. I mean, all the investments that we've made in wealth and corporate banking is really paying dividends and our company is really becoming advantaged from a funding perspective.
Daryl Bible: So, we are still learning about the LCR ratio. Our daily reporting starts to go live later this quarter, and we are just going to see try and see how -- what it is. Our best guess is right now that we want to manage about 20 points over what our threshold is. So we have to be at 90 by the end of -- next year and then 100 following year after that. So I think long-term we should be in the 120 range give or take. We actually are continuing to buy Tier 2 securities. It’s just our funding mix continues to improve which is helping from a liquidity perspective, that’s offsetting that. So we've shifted away from our Tier 1 securities and are buying more your Fannie and Freddie now. But it’s just that our funding mix is also moving to positive direction for us. So that’s why you didn’t see it really move a whole lot this quarter. 
Daryl Bible: Yeah, all of Kelly comments really incorporated all the pension impact. We are talking about a flattish non-interest expense number on a GAAP basis. If you back out some of the two large items that we had in 2014, specifically the FHA charge and the Federal Home Loan Bank unwind, we’re probably up maybe 2% at most on a year-over-year basis. Still able to be little bit under the revenue growth that we are forecasting.
Daryl Bible: So, when you look at interest rates Erika, we’re -- about half of our assets are floating rate and the other half is fixed rate. The fixed rate portion of our assets for the most part reprice for the yield curve five years and end.  So I know lot of people focus on a 10-year, but the 10-year really just impacts more the mortgage market little bit in prepayments from that perspective. When we ran our models, we basically used current rates and what was in the forward curve and all that, and I will say that net interest income will be challenging to grow. But I still think depending how we grow our loans and our funding mix continues to improve. I think we still have a good chance of actually growing NII little bit. 
Daryl Bible: So, we're running actually both numbers right now, Geoffrey, and for us right now, it's about 40 points. So, 130% LCR for us, under $250 billion. Once we cross over $250 billion would be 90 from that perspective. So, we're managing, we're monitoring that in case we ever did get over $250 billion in the next couple of years. So, we won't be surprised or caught off guard. It's -- we're actually doing the calculations and monitoring it today.
Daryl Bible: It really depends on how you get over the $250 million, Geoffrey and where you are in the environment. The acquisitions that we have this year, both Citi, the Bank of Kentucky, and Susquehanna, all should improve our LCR because of the core finding that these institutions bring to our company and how we plan to basically put the balance sheets together. So, it's hard to say today, what the financial impact is. Obviously, it won't be a positive impact, but how negative it will be, it really depends on how you get there. And as we continue to grow and our core funding continues to strengthen and get stronger, we may not have much of an impact at all. It really depends right now.
Daryl Bible: Yes, Matt. I think that's accurate. This past quarter we had a negative $84 million in our loss share account and fee income line item. I would expect that to trend down probably in the $10 million to $15 million range every quarter over 2015, probably ending around $40 million to $50 million negative. So, that should be lift. And if you couple that with the change in the tax credit accounting, you're really going to see really strong fee income numbers for us next quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that, Eric is that we also incorporate the acquisition into the [inaudible] and the acquisitions to use up capital. So, it's really the acquisitions plus the 60% total range that Kelly talked about.
Daryl Bible: Kevin, this is Daryl. Every quarter we go through and we look at our MSR valuations. We compare it against a couple of other services and peer information. And our MSR valuation has been trending lower than the others for the last several quarters. It's at a point now where it's so far under that we had to rebalance it up and when we did that, we adjusted our prepayment models, and the prepayment model changes, basically was a positive to the valuation. We are still well under our survey peers. We use a PWC survey, we use FDIC survey and Mountain View are the services we use. And we're still significantly under those from an MSR servicing perspective.
Daryl Bible: Well, I mean the adjustment we made to get the $11 million increase was really in the prepayment models. But there's a lot of assumptions that go in to how you come up with the total valuation. It's hard to say exactly which assumptions make us lower than all these other surveys because they are an average of a lot of other services combined together. But I think we feel very comfortable that our valuations are adequate and on the conservative side.
Daryl Bible: If you look at mortgage volume, since rates have come down, our application volume is up. It's hard to know how far this is going to play out, but it's definitely a positive bent for income. I mean you're seeing refis now approaching two-thirds of our business right now, which is positive spreads widening out. So, that could continue into the year, really depends on what happens with the longer end of the curve. But it's definitely a positive event from the mortgage perspective.
Clarke Starnes: Erika this is Clarke, I think it is. Keep in mind Daryl’s comments. We do have a large -- relatively large contribution losses from our non-prime auto business which is really well run. But it -- is producing a core level losses. So, we’re not going to go dramatically lower. So I think in that 40, 45 basis points range is probably a good number as we look forward for the year. 
Clarke Starnes: Yeah John, this is Clarke. We think roughly total 4.5% to 6% in that range, that's including mortgage. So, ex-mortgage, maybe more than 6% to 7% range.
Clarke Starnes: Yeah. John, this is Clarke, again. As far as our C&I spreads, a little pressure this quarter, but relatively flat, about 178 basis points on new production on C&I on the spread basis. Our CRE income property, 258, and then our construction development, about 340. So, a little bit of pressure, but I think given where we're holding on our risk tolerances, they held up relatively well for the quarter.
Clarke Starnes: We don't disclose that level of segmentation. But I can tell you we have a robust overall methodology for our allowance and certainly the energy segments included in that analysis and we do believe that, at this point in time, for what we know, we've allocated appropriate reserves for that book. I will tell you just to explain what Kelly said, we've done very thorough sensitivity analysis on our book down as low as $40, looking at coverage on proven producing reserves-only, realize that we have other collateral and liquidity sources other than that and we're going on a name-by-name basis. So, I feel good about where we are. We don't anticipate even as we look forward to next quarter. So, any material increases in our reserved related to the energy book beyond what we've already done.
Clarke Starnes: Yeah, Matt, on the first point, the market is still very liquid and the pricing is very attractive. And so, we were opportunistic and felt like it was a great risk trade-off given the pricing. And Daryl's point about the efficiency, just to give you some context, I think between the two sales there were over 2,000 loans or so. So, those would be TDRs and non-performer, so those are very servicing-intent. I do think, over time, you will see that bleed out into some improvement in the cost structure down in our service and operation and that's really why we're doing it.
