Richard Baytosh: Thank you, Leanne, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all our listeners for joining us today. And on today's call, we have Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Henson, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will review the results for the first quarter and provide some thoughts for the second quarter of 2019. We also have Clarke Starnes, our Chief Risk Officer, to participate in the Q&A session. We will be referencing a slide presentation during the call. A copy of the presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental financial information are available on the BB&T website. Before we begin, let me remind you BB&T does not provide public earnings predictions or forecasts. However, there may be statements made during the course of this presentation that express management's intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, in connection with the proposed merger with SunTrust, BB&T has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 to register the shares of BB&T's capital stock to be issued in connection with the merger, which contains the joint proxy statement and prospectus that will be sent to shareholders of BB&T and SunTrust seeking their approval of the proposed transaction. Please refer to the cautionary statements on Page 2 regarding forward-looking information in our presentation, our SEC filings and the legends on Page 3 that relate to additional information and participants in the solicitation. Please also note that our presentation includes certain non-GAAP disclosures. Please refer to Page 2 and the appendix of our presentation for the appropriate reconciliations to GAAP. And now I'll turn it over to Kelly.
Richard Baytosh: Thank you, Kelly. Before we start the Q&A session, we recognize there will be a lot of interest in getting an update on the merger planning and what's happened since the announcement on February 7 as well as our current expected timeline for things that unfold from here. So we'd like to have the Q&A to be a balance of questions about our stand-alone BB&T results and trends from the first quarter and merger questions. Leanne, at this time, if you'd come back on the line and explain how our listeners can participate in the Q&A session.
Richard Baytosh: Okay. Thank you, Leanne, and thanks everyone for joining us today. I hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Chris. Continuing on Slide 20, you will see our outlook. Looking to the second quarter, we expect average total loans held for investment to be up 4% to 6% annualized versus first quarter '19. Net charge-offs to be in the range of 35 to 45 basis points and the provision is expected to match charge-offs plus loan growth. We also expect both the GAAP and core net interest margins to be down 4 to 6 basis points from the first quarter. Fee income to be up 5% to 7% versus like quarter and expenses to be flat to up 2% versus like quarter. And finally, an effective tax rate of 20% to 21%. Full year guidance has not changed, but we have updated the effective tax rate to 20% from a range of 20% to 21% previously. We will continue to grow revenue faster than expenses, driving positive operating leverage as we move towards the MOE close with SunTrust. In summary, the quality of our earnings this quarter was excellent, resulting in record adjusted earnings, positive adjusted operating leverage versus last year, good loan growth, excellent credit quality and strong expense management. Now let me turn it back to Kelly for an update on the merger equals to SunTrust and closing remarks and Q&A.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So this quarter, John, just like we have in other years, we have to record an entry in net interest income. It's basically on a deferred comp plan and it's the earnings that are generated out of the funds that are invested, the dividends that we receive. This quarter, it was $18 million. If you go back a year ago, it was $12 million. So last year, it was worth 3 basis points. This year, 4 basis points. That basically just comes out of net interest income. With the loan growth that we're projecting across all major loan categories, even though margin will be down, we still expect net interest income to be up in linked-quarter basis between first and second. We do benefit by an additional day, so that helps. But if you look on a year-over-year basis, we still are expecting our net interest income year-over-year to be up in the 2% to 3% range, so still positive revenue even with this margin guidance [ph].
Daryl Bible: Yeah, I'll just reiterate that, John. So we talked about five major categories where we would achieve the savings: facilities, retail, third-party vendors, technology and shared services. As we have met as a new co-management team and we talk about these, we feel extremely confident that we can achieve the $1.6 billion net number. We are in the process of getting more information and detail as our companies come together so we can plan to how basically allocate by all the business lines, so that it will be held accountable for these savings and still believe that we are very confident in achieving the net savings of $1.6 billion. As far as your accounting question goes, we really don't know what the rate environment is going to be when we close a transaction. We're looking at late third quarter or fourth quarter close. So interest rates will have some say on what their potential mark on our portfolio is. It's probably less now with rates down a little bit, but I'm not sure which way rates are going to go across the curve by the time we close. We will basically be reporting both GAAP and cash earnings for the foreseeable future because we're going to have a lot of non-cash expenses. Recall that non-cash expenses still fall to capital, so it is very accretive from a capital usage perspective, but we feel very confident in the projections that we gave a few months ago.
Daryl Bible: So as we put the two balance sheets together, we will have purchase accounting MRRCs. What we said two months ago is that capital ratio should be between 9.75% and 10% and we would start capital actions in the amount of share repurchases once we achieve a 10% CET1 ratio. That's still the plan. Right now, we want to make sure that we get through all of the conversions and conversions are going to take probably 1 to 2 years. We want to make sure our earnings get to the really high levels that we can achieve that we have out there projected. And at that point, then we'll revisit the leverage and capital of the company. But the combination of these two companies should be leading industry capital generation at the end of the day, which will help bolster our overall returns and returns back to the shareholders.
Daryl Bible: So we will basically - this is - obviously the Board has to approve this. But when we approve the transaction, both boards said that we wanted to get our capital ratios, CET1 to 10 and then at that point, we would do share repurchases.
Daryl Bible: That's a great question, Erika. Being a former treasurer, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. When the two companies come together, we're basically going to have half the balance sheet mark-to-market. So as that gets closer, our treasurer and executive management will decide if we need to adjust the interest rate risk profile or if we need to change some of the asset classes or mix of what we have. Everything - half the balance sheet will be available to basically buy or sell it in that time or change positions. So I would view that as a huge opportunity for us and position us for the future. So I think as the time gets closer to when we know we're going to close, we'll be able to give you more color on that. But I think this is just an unbelievable opportunity for somebody to really position the company forward from that perspective.
Daryl Bible: So when we came up with the credit mark on the SunTrust portfolio, it was 2%. And Clark and I still agree that's the appropriate number as we get in and look more at it. We did hire a third party to help us with the evaluation methods for the whole balance sheet and that is going on. And that - it's not completed yet, that will probably be completed in the next couple of months. But from the closing of the transaction in '19, we'll have the typical PCI amount of loans and then with the rest, we'll have a fair value mark. When we adopt CECL in 2020, the PCI loans and some of the other loans will be reclassified into PCD. And then, we will allocate a life of loss, the CECL reserve to the remaining SunTrust and BB&T loans at that point in time. So in essence, if you look at just the SunTrust loans from a good book perspective, you'll have a discount amount on there that will creep through income plus you'll have a life of loss reserve with CECL. So from that perspective, I would say, the loan portfolio will be more than adequately covered. It's kind of really odd accounting. We have a comment letter into FASB. And I think some other banks that have done deals recently have comment letters into FASB, but that's the way we understand the accounting now is how it's going to play out.
Daryl Bible: I would say, we will continue to work on that. As we put the two companies together, we have financials, we get more clarity. We are in the midst of selecting the layers of management from executive management on down. That will create some cost savings from that perspective just because you've got duplications in a lot of business managers from that perspective. So that will kind of start where some of the savings are, but it's going to really evolve over time. We really aren't looking at and can't really look at any vendor information until we close the transaction due to antitrust. So that's just out there at a very high level. And as the branch systems come together and we'll have some branch closures, we'll have more color on what those savings relate to. Shared services, there's a lot of overlap on shared services as business models are selected and locations are selected and that's going to impact closures on those areas and facilities. So I think there is a wealth of areas that we'll be able to piece together to achieve a net $1.6 billion number that will leave enough for technology and other investments in the company. So we think we can have industry-leading profitability returns as well as still increase the ramp-up of our technology investments in the company.
Daryl Bible: I think we're forecasting every category to be up one quarter but CRE. So it will be across-the-board contribution like.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So we're going to be reporting both the core net interest margin and reported or GAAP net interest margin and it will probably a wide variance between the two because you're marking the market basically half the balance sheet. We'll give you more specifics as we get closer. But our core margins overall should be pretty much simply just putting our two margins together today. So 330 plus or minus would probably be a good ballpark number. But as far as reported GAAP margin, there is a lot of puts and takes in there. And we'll give you a lot of color and a lot of tables and basically disclose how all that's going to play out because it will be complex as we put the two together. And we'll just have to be very transparent with you and show you how it's going to work and just how it's going to run off over time from that perspective. As I said earlier though, on an earlier question, we will have the opportunity to basically reposition the balance sheet if we want to do that at some point, that could potentially help and drive core margin at that point, but it's too early to know that right now.
Kelly King: Thanks, Daryl. So let me update you all on kind of where we are. As you know, we announced this combination on February 7 and I would say that it is going extraordinarily well. Now remember, we said that fundamental foundations for this is that it is highly synergistic, it is financially compelling and it is transformative, and everything we've seen in the last couple of months just affirms that to be true. Bill and I and our teams are working together extraordinarily well. We started immediately having weekly meetings. We've already had eight weekly meetings, where we are reviewing and planning for the merger. Just this past week, we had our first team-building session at the BB&T leadership entity, which went extraordinarily well. So we're making really good progress in terms of the teams working together. We are working through the process of pulling the organization together in terms of how it will operate when we actually combine. So we've named integration leads across businesses and functions. We have outside consultants working with us on this, which is really, really helping. We're spending a lot of time focusing on risk oversight to make sure that we have that process nailed down very, very tightly. The merger application and registration statement was filed in early March. We are working with Interbrand, a global-leading brand agency to help us develop the new name and branding. Our cultures are very similar. However, we are still planning a process to be sure that we pull the cultures together in terms of terminology and how we talk about ourselves, but the fundamentals we knew in advance that were really firm, now are really very, very similar. We are in the process of holding listening sessions from the community, community groups, individuals because we really want to know what people have to say about this. We recognize this is a major combination. We recognize we have a major responsibility in terms of giving back to the community. Both organizations have done this as a matter of our moral commitment to the marketplace, but we believe we can do even more. So that's very exciting. We've already done four. We've got a couple of more to go. The feedback has been very, very positive. So in terms of next steps, the FRB and FDIC actually hold their public meetings to get feedback. Those are being held in Charlotte on April 25 and Atlanta on May 3rd. We will be submitting our joint capital plan and stress test in May. We'll be continuing to name additional business leaders as we move down through the organization. We expect to announce our new brand and new name in late second quarter. We will be finalizing the divestiture commitments and undertake the marketing process as we head into the second quarter and then the shareholder vote is expected in the early third quarter. We remain very confident in our projected $1.6 billion net cost savings. Remember, that is net of technological investments and HR expenses. So that is going very, very well. So in terms of our quarter, it was overall, I think, a very good quarter. We're extremely pleased about our progress also in working towards creating a premier financial institution. So a great quarter, outstanding strategic combination announced with a combination with us and SunTrust, and it really positions us to drive in a really challenging environment, so we can continue to focus on making the world a better place to live and focusing on lighting the way to financial well-being. So with that, I'll turn it back to Rich.
Kelly King: John, I'll give you a broad answer and Daryl will give you in detail if you like, but no, nothing in aggregate. As you say, in a large combination like this, there are puts and takes. You get more detail, more specificity in terms of some of the projections, which early on, as you know, are necessarily broad-based and assumption based. But we're too much into it and I would say, in terms of the aggregates, we feel as confident as before, if not a tad more confident. The combination of the businesses, now that we've learned more, leave us very encouraged in terms of the complementary nature of these businesses. Remember, the big levers on this are the expense control. We feel very good about that. But the long-term enduring benefits are around, you know, are cross levering the benefit - the specialty focuses of SunTrust over BB&T and BB&T over SunTrust. And the more we've learned, the better we feel about that, so I would say net positive.
Kelly King: And Betsy, remember that it's a multifaceted set of variables that we have to consider and the Board has to consider. The progress with regard to the merger, the combinations in terms of systems, et cetera, but we also have to pay attention to what's going on in the economy and in global geopolitical issues and all of that. And so for all of those reasons, we are being admittedly conservative when we say 10%. And there certainly is some upside opportunity with regard to capital utilization as we go forward. But as you know, we are conservative and we're going to be careful as we go through this because there's so much earnings power in this organization as we go forward. We will be able to provide extremely good returns, in my view, for our shareholders, but it's important not to rush it in terms of overleveraging the company in the beginning.
Kelly King: Betsy, we still are putting together the plans as you would expect and trying to figure out what the net savings will be, what will be the investments in terms of innovation and technology. So we gave you a good broad number. We will be refining that as we go forward, but it's a bit early, to be honest to knowing exactly what the branch savings costs will be, exactly what the investments and innovation will be. But make no mistake, we're confident with at least $1.6 billion and we're confident that that allows us to make the kind of investments we talked about in terms of leaning forward with regard to innovation and technology investments because that's really the juice in this thing, Betsy. I mean it's the cost side of play we get that, but that's not what we're really focused on. We're focused on positioning ourselves to be a leader in terms of innovation and technology so that we can compete effectively with the largest institutions in the country. And we believe there's enough economics in this to allow us to make those kinds of investments from a long-term point of view and still generate robust returns to our shareholders.
Kelly King: Well, thanks, Mike. I mean I think that is kind of at the heart and soul of the issue, I would say, but I feel really good on all those, but let me be direct. With regard to your positioning that BB&T is more hierarchical, I would disagree with that. When you really look at these two organizations and now we've lived very closely together for 8 weeks, and I know that's not like 25 years, but it's been a pretty involved eight weeks. And Bill and I have known each other for a long time. I really think when you get into it, Mike, there's not any substantial difference there. We're both very focused on empowering our associates and leading from principal, leading from purpose, leading from mission. And so when you really get into it, I have not been able to find any kind of difference in terms of hierarchy or any other words that you might chose to use with regard to that. In terms of our associates, which is the most important, we feel really good about that. We've had very little - very, very little loss of associates at this point. And yes, we are using retention programs, et cetera. But much more importantly, Bill and I agreed day 1 that we're not taking anything for granted and we're not expecting our associates to just line up and be good soldiers. We take the responsibility and all of our team does to re-recruit every day. And so we are recruiting our associates to remain a part of this team for the purpose of being a part of something that's very exciting, very dynamic. It's an organization that has and can continue at an enhanced basis be a really good place to work. I mean, it can be a place where you can find your why, for your purpose in life and align it with an organization that is deeply committed to purpose and why and making a difference in the world and lighting the way to financial well being. I mean all of that and these two organizations is extremely consistent. And I think this could be kind of hard to find somewhere that's any better and not - hard to find many places that are as good in terms of just pure opportunity. I told some people, I wish I was 40 years old again. I mean this is just so exciting in terms of thinking about where this organization could go, but not just economically, I'm talking more importantly in terms of the contribution we can make to the world. I mean we can truly help our clients achieve economic success and financial security. We could really -- we have a fantastic associate benefit value program and we can enhance it. We're working really hard with our communities to even enhance an already outstanding community involvement program. And so there is no meaningful difference in terms of how we do business. Our associates get that and I don't expect to see any substantial reasons to leave whether you're talking about technical or not or mostly about having their heart and soul into the game. When I'm talking to our associates, I mean I'm getting feedback from the SunTrust associates and Bill tells me the same thing, they're genuinely excited about this. They recognize we're putting together two great companies that can forge an opportunity for all of us to have a lot of fun, make the world a better place to be and do some good stuff. Get up in the morning, excited about coming to work. That's what we're trying to do. The CEO risk. I know everybody talks, Mike, a lot about that, but Bill and I get along great. We've known each other a long time. We're both, as I say, North Carolina boys, although he's been, basically, all of his career in Atlanta. But look, I have spent a lot of time in Atlanta too and there's no material difference between Georgia and North Carolina. We're all from kind of the base root cultures and we get along great. We're both kind of really, really purpose-driven individuals. We're both achievement-driven individuals. We're both deeply committed to our communities and our associates. And while you might find slight differences in terms of our personalities, I really think we are an awful lot alike. I know we've got to work on our fist pumping. We've been practicing that. But other than that, there's no material difference between Bill and I and we're working together great.
Kelly King: So Mike, as you know, I've been through 1 large MOE, although it was 20 plus years ago, but these two are very similar. And I'm seeing the same thing here that we saw then. The stock market doesn't have it wrong. The stock market just kind of says prove it.  And I don't blame them for that. I think the smarter ones will take a bit of a - more of a leap of faith and trust the experience that Bill and I have had over all these years. I mean I've been at it 47 years. He has been at it like 39 years. We're not like just starting out. So I think the smart investors will recognize it, but they'll find a high probability to a successful venture and they'll invest early. Those that are more conservative will lay back and wait for us to prove it. It kind of does not matter to me. I'm not interested in short-run results. I'm not interested in short-term pops into stock. My commitment and Bill's commitment to the long term for our shareholders is to produce a good, steady, less volatile long-term growing TSR and that's exactly what we're going to do.
Kelly King: Yeah. I was glad you were there, Mike. And we were actually there last week. You may appreciate, we spent 1.5 days over there last week with our new executive team. We have - we'll have multiple leadership team-building sessions going forward. And all of the SunTrust executives have committed to go through and excitedly committed to go through. They loved it and frankly - and they feel really good, but yes, they are definitely going to be going through that and we'll be doing things together. So the Leadership Institute is a powerful organization in terms of helping people grow individually and as teams. And so far, I would say, there's a 150% commitment to working together in those types of endeavors.
Kelly King: No, John, we don't see any changes. Based on everything we see now, those numbers were derived very mathematically based off of reasonably conservative assumptions and nothing we see today or looking forward change the fundamentals of those assumptions.
Kelly King: So I think, Ken, that having watched these things over a number of cycles, you get these spurts where everybody kind of -- are kind of price insensitive for a while and then they look at it and they become price sensitive and there's a spurt of time, 60, 90 days, where they are much more sensitive, and then they kind of go back to running their business again and they are not as sensitive, so you kind of go ebb and flow. What I think is that we just saw, over the last 90 days or so, a spurt up in sensitivity. But with rates stable to back down kind of now, I think it's probably going to move into -- you won't go back down in terms of sensitivities, but you won't see a rise up in sensitivities if that make sense. So I think you will see less focus on betas and moving money around over the next period of time than you've seen over the last 90 to 120 days. Now if there's a dramatic shift in rates one way or the other, that will change that, but nobody expects that. I certainly don't expect that. So I think you're getting ready to go into a period of less price-sensitivity focus in terms of moving money around.
