Tamara Gjesdal: This call is being broadcast on the Internet from our website at www.BBT.com/investor. Whether you are joining us this morning by webcast or by dialing in directly, we are very pleased to have you with us. We have with us today Kelly King, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Daryl Bible, our Chief Financial Officer who will review the financial results for the first quarter 2010 as well as provide a look ahead. After Kelly and Daryl have made their remarks, we will pause to have the operator come back on the line and explain how those who have dialed in to the call may participate in the question and answer session. Before we begin, let me make a few preliminary comments. BB&T does not make predictions or forecasts, however, there may be statements made during the course of this call that express managements’ intentions, beliefs or expectations. BB&T’s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual result to be materially different is contained in the company’s SEC filings.  Now, it is my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kelly King.
Tamara Gjesdal: Before we move to the Q&A segment of this conference call I’ll ask that we use the same process that we have in the past to give fair access to all participants. I have instructed our conference call provider to limit your question to one primary and one follow up. If you have further questions please reenter the queue so that others may have the opportunity to participate. Now, I’ll ask the operator to come back on the line and explain how to submit your questions.
Tamara Gjesdal: Unfortunately we are out of time for questions today. But, I will turn over the call back to Mr. King for closing remarks. We thank you for your participation today.
Kelly S. King: I think that’s mostly just continued realignment. To be honest, now that we know exactly what the rules are, we’ll probably be a little more conservative in terms of we’re not going to dramatically change our business practice but some of these probably would not have been a TDR if we had known exactly what the interpretation of the rule was just because we could have raised it a little higher rate. So that will be an offset. I think you will continue to have some newly created TDRs but all that you are seeing here Kevin is basically about catch up.
Kelly S. King: We do have the stronger builders as you pointed out. We do tend to work with our builder clients and so as we work through that cycle it probably takes us a little longer than some do just because we remain committed to working with our clients through the cycle. We don’t carry clients, if it gets to the point they can’t make it we don’t carry them when they shouldn’t be carried. But, you know we have some really good clients that have been in busy a very, very long time. This has been a tough recession and so we’re committed to working with them all the way to the point that we’re clear they can’t make it going forward. Where you will see that really benefit us Brian by the way, is on the other side of this as those folks remember the people that worked with them in the tough times. So, that’s all you’re seeing there is us taking the time to kind of work with those clients through the cycle.
Kelly S. King: Definitely the competition has heated up. About everybody in the world small or large now wants to go do a deal. This is not unexpected when you have opportunities out there and people perceive it to be wonderful and all positives, they all tend to line up. For example, we priced a deal recently, what we consider to be consistent with what we said is we’ve been very clear, we’re interested in deals that are meaningful in size, strategically important, no meaningful asset quality and meaningful immediate accretion. So we bid it that way, we missed it and I’m happy with that. We’re not going to fall in to the trap of what others may which is follow the herd all the way to the point where it becomes bad deals. That’s what happens in almost every scenario. It’s probably going to happen here too. I wouldn’t rule out the possibility of us doing other deals. We’re certainly going to look at everyone that is meaningful that’s in our marketplace but we’re not going to do anything crazy. We’re going to stay committed to what we said because we’re about building shareholder value, we’re not about growing just to be growing. We don’t feel like growth just for growth sakes makes any sense to our shareholders. Now, with regard to unassisted deals, we are beginning to head in to a zone as the economy continues to improve and we’re getting more visibility with regard to asset quality. We’re beginning to enter a period where it will make sense to look at unassisted deals. But, the criteria is still the same, you’ve still got to be able to contain the asset quality. Now, you can do that with marks as you know but the more you mark it the more capital you require which means it puts more downward pressure on the EPS. So, we’ll have to see what the market allows but we’re not opposed to looking at unassisted deals at this point but we are remaining firm in terms of having a conservative view with regard to the economics of it.
Kelly S. King: Okay, so what’s happening today to be honest is we’re all trying to figure out what the impact of it is going to be. Remember, it’s very fresh. We just made the market changes April 1 so we’ve got 20 days of data. So, we’re trying to figure out what that will do. Our early indication is that’s not nearly as bad as we thought it was going to be. With regard to the opt in which is effective July 1, we’re in the process of disclosing to our clients what the change is, giving them the opportunity to opt in if they prefer.  It’s very important from regulatory guidance and our own sense of what is right and wrong to not go out and brow beat people and try to talk them in to opt in but we should make them aware that they can opt in or opt out, they decide. We have to see how that plays out. So it’s a little too early to know exactly what the negative effect of revenue will be but as I said, based on what I’ve seen in the early returns I’m willing to say at this point I think it will be in the low end of $75 to $80. Now, to your question of what’s the makeup on that, we are already in the process of doing a complete review of all of our products and processes and no doubt we will be making adjustments. Whether we fully recapture that $75 or $80 or if we’ll go over it is too soon to tell. But, we will definitely make changes that will recapture a meaningful portion of that. I personally thing Craig what will happen is we’ll go back to where we were 20 years ago where there will be kind of a certain number $5, $8, $9 stated charge for having a checking account every month and we’ll move away from a lot of the free. I think the market will see the wisdom of that and that’s what we’ll all kind of go back to. So, we’ll have to see but I don’t think when it’s all said and done – you’ll see a dip for us and I think for everybody in those two quarters or so in that service charge income. I suspect by the end of the year, first quarter, you’ll see restoration of that substantially if not fully by changes and it will end up not being a material impact. 
Kelly S. King: Yes. What we’re really doing right now is we’re literally collecting day by day data in terms of what our clients are doing when we approach them about opt in. So we’ll getting literally data, we don’t have enough yet to be statistically accurate, but we’re getting data in terms of how many chose to opt in and opt out. For example, if the vast majority opt in, then the July effect will be nothing. There’s an absolute effect with regard to what went in effect April 1 because we literally capped the number of items to four which is a big change and then we said if they just overdraw their account less than $5 we won’t charge them. So you can’t really do anything about that today. This opt in opt out thing is a bigger item and we’ll just have to see but my optimism is based on some very, very current data from what our existing clients are saying. For example, this is not statistically accurate yet but just up through yesterday our existing clients are opting in to the tune of about 75%. 
Kelly S. King: We might lag a little bit Bob, a quarter or two. We think it’s more important to do the right thing with our clients than exactly who comes out first. We’re in this for the long haul so we could easily lag a quarter or two. I don’t consider that to be meaningful. It’s more important that the direction which is positive and we do the right thing for our clients.
Kelly S. King: Let me just close by saying we really feel like this is overall a very good solid quarter. Credit quality is clearly improving. The market is positioned to grow, we’re quite confident of that based on our talks with a lot of clients. There’s a question about all that is coming out of Washington but we think that will subside so as we head on through spring and summer we think the market is positioned to grow.  Our value proposition we believe is the best in the market based on very good outside statistical data. Our earnings power is strong, our capital is very strong. We think by the third or fourth quarter as we’ve said, we remain clear that you’ll kind of a peaking of non-performers, you’ll begin to see a peaking and heading to the peak of a reduction in allowance build, you’ll begin to see we think a reduction in charge offs. All of that sets up improved earnings as we head in to the third and fourth quarter and in to ’11.  We didn’t get a question on the dividend so I’ll just make a comment about that. We are already contemplating the question of a dividend increase. We’ve said before we’ll consider that when we have clarity with regard to the economy, clarity with regard to our own assets and our cash flows. I’m feeling relatively optimistic about that. We’re not going to rush and try and be one of the first. Remember, we didn’t take ours way down to $0.01 like everyone else did. Some of the ones that are talking about raising it took it down to $0.01. I’d be talking real fast too if I took it to $0.01. We took ours to $0.15, you still got a 2% yield. But, nonetheless we think fourth quarterish, first quarterish is a time we can begin to think in terms of a small dividend increase. So all-in-all, we’re not cocky, we’re not calling it over. We think it’s a time to be calm and patient, stick to your niche but, feeling certainly more optimistic and certainly absolutely feel that our best days are ahead. Thanks for your support and hope you have a great day.
