Kelly King: Thank you, Daryl. So in summary, we feel like we're really well positioned for the future. Our underlying performance for our businesses is strong as you've seen. Client service metrics are at historic highs. C&I loan growth accelerated during the quarter. Likewise, substantial improvement in the deposit mix area and accelerated DDA growth. We have maintained a positive revenue growth in the very challenging environment, significant investments in revenue businesses. And as we have mentioned, we will be adding several hundred revenue producers during the year.  And we expect meaningful declines in the credit cost area in the coming months, continued steady declines in inflows with more significant decreases we expect in the second half. In NPAs, we expect continued declines as we complete the disposition strategies. TDRs, as Clarke described, we expect continue to decline.  So if you look at kind of the macro strengths that we have looking forward, as we've talked to you about in the past, we think this industry-wide reintermediation is going to play well for us to cover our capital strategy and our lending expertise. Significant investments and revenue growth opportunities will continue to pay dividends for our shareholders. We think there will be merger opportunities as the industry continues to consolidate.  Our community banking model, we believe, can support produce the best value proposition in the market. We are fortunate that we are in some of the best markets in the country and maybe in the world. And we have an outstanding team. Really, a deep culture that allows us to execute on strategies that we think are important. So with that, we'd be glad to take your questions.
Kelly King: As you know, Adam, we're all in the process of the capital stressing process. That said, all of the data had to be in by January 7. We made, we think, a really good submission. We feel really confident about our capital levels and our projected capital levels even through difficult stress scenarios. And so we're very confident that we will be qualified to have a dividend increase. Obviously, they get to decide. And so none of us can say with any certainty what will happen. We'll know, I guess, in the March timeframe. But we would certainly hope to have a small increase. But Adam, as I pointed out, you should not look for BB&T to have a huge increase like the others because remember, they're mostly trying to get their dividend to where we've been for the last two years. So we have the fourth highest dividend of the S&P banks, 2.5% or so yield. And so while we want to have a small increase to show our shareholders that we are committed to returning capital to them, we just don't want people to expect it to be huge increase because it wouldn't make sense because we need to, of course, return capital to our shareholders. But importantly, we need to maintain capital for important organic and acquisition opportunities as we go forward.
Kelly King: Well, clearly, we will be creating meaningful capital as we go forward. And I think a lot of people are thinking in terms of substantial dividend increases and a lot of people are talking about major capital repurchase programs. We certainly are thinking in terms of dividend increases. We're not thinking so much about repurchase programs because we do think that we will have opportunities to lever our capital in terms of acquisition opportunities. So we remain, I would say, meaningfully aggressive with regard to looking at merger opportunities. But I think the key is going to be helping settle out with regard to the reasonableness of mergers. We've said in the past and I remain committed to a disciplined approach. Any merger that we consider have to meet three criteria. And that is being sure that it is strategically compelling, that it is an acquisition where we can ring the asset quality so that we don't take on any material level of asset risk and that it's meaningfully accretive to our shareholders. Some of the recent data points that you alluded to would suggest that some buyers are going to be heading back to the 90s or the last decade in terms of pricing. I think that's more of an aberration than a sustained trend. I think you're going to find most of us being pretty disciplined in terms of pricing deals. And frankly, the acquisition targets need to be very careful in terms of importance that they consider because people that are willing to go and pay absorbative prices are not likely to be able to generate a long-term returns that they might think they're going to offer, because the market I don't believe is going to tolerate overpaying for deals today or going forward.
Kelly King: Yes, Ken. Just before I mention that, just keep in mind we have made substantial investments in corporate banking and capital markets. And as those corporate banking relationships pickup, that generates huge related capital markets businesses. So when you look at our wealth strategy, capital market strategy, investment and insurance, et cetera, all of those we think are really performing well in '11. On this Durbin thing, I think it's premature to start trying to project what earnings impact they may have. I am reasonably optimistic that before July, when it is supposed to kick in, that we will see some change coming out of Congress with regard to this. I've talked to a lot of people. There is a lot of effort going on to try to explain to Congress that this whole Durbin amendment is an absurd intervention into the flea market system. First of all, for Congress to step in and specifically implement price controls in one area, it's just silly on its face. But more importantly, we can demonstrate that the effect of this will be bad for consumers, bad for the institutions, bad for the economy. And so many congressmen are beginning to be sensitive to that including Barney Frank, who has recently said on several occasions that he is quite willing to work with the Republicans to revisit this issue. So we're being reserved right now in terms of what impact that may have. We think it will be muted. But in the event that it's not, then we would expect to make appropriate fee and pricing changes in all the other areas to compensate for it over a reasonable period of time.
Kelly King: So really good questions, Gerard. I think that when it all settles down, ROAs will be on the 140 to 150 level, not materially different than the past. Now remember, the ROA depends meaningfully on what levels of equity we end up with because when you have higher equity, you will definitely have higher ROAs. So I'm assuming in this that we will have ROAs in the 16% to 18% kind of level because we think equities going to be relatively inflated prior to those previous periods. And so I think what you're seeing is there's some movement on the equity side upward. It's putting some pressure on ROA. The increase in equity is holding up ROA. The headwinds are pushing down on ROA. And when you get through with it all, there won't be a material difference in ROA as we go forward.
Kelly King: Matt, I might add that what we are doing and I think most are doing is frankly restructuring our deposit products. We went through the last decade or so of giving everything away and free checking, et cetera, et cetera. We're moving already back to where you were more in the 70s and 80s where you'll have fees for accounts unless people keep substantial balances or other revenue producing business with us. So the days of free checking are gone and the days of pricing more standard fees for accounts will be what you see going forward. And then they will be adjusted over time depending on the overall revenue levels of growth and also our cost structures. So it will take a little time for that to adjust out. But in the bottom line, I don't think they're going to sell us out. The whole Fee business will be materially different. It will just be materially different in terms of levels, it will also be different in terms of the structure.
Kelly King: Well, I don't think more or less goodwill independently will be a factor. I think it'll be a matter of looking at the EPS accretion. And so as we look at the internal rate return and net cost of value in our merger models and they drive us. So we're not opposed to goodwill at all. It just depends on how the whole earings stream works through in terms of our models and specifics in terms of EPS.
Kelly King: Well, we think your markets and the characteristics of them is obviously, really, really critical because if you think about it, banks are nothing more or less than a reflection of the markets they serve. And so therefore, it's very important to be an attractive growth market, which we are. That having been said, that would not preclude us from looking and expanding into less higher growth markets. As we did, for example, in West Virginia. You really you just have to look at two kinds of strategies. And so in a slow growth market, you have to focus much more emphasis on cost control, having deep relationship with your clients and expects for loan growth. In the higher growth markets, of course, you invest in revenue production and you have higher increases in cost but you bring a nice profit to the bottom line. I personally think and kind of thought about this first over the last two, three years I really think that's a merit to some more diversification in terms of markets. I'll be honest with you, I'm real happy that we had Kentucky and West Virginia in the last two, three years. I wouldn't be opposed at all, for example, to have some exposure in the Midwest. I think the Midwest is a market that has been in a state of decline but has probably found its the bottom. With all that's been going on in manufacturing and the auto industry, I think it's quite possible in the next 10 years or so, that market may surprise a lot of people. I wouldn't want to be domiciled in the Midwest but a nice blend of fast-growing markets and good, stable, more rural and manufacturing type markets is actually a pretty good place to be.
Kelly King: I wouldn't, Adam, comment specifically about that deal. But I would say that when we look at deals like that, we think in terms of our three criteria of strategic alignment, asset quality control and resulting in a meaningful accretion. I would say that some of the prices that I've seen recently in our models would produce permanent dilution. And so we would not be interested in deals that are pricey. I know sometimes people think in terms of deals like that as being just because of scarcity and other considerations. But we think in terms of at the end of the day, if it's probably diluted to your shareholders, it's not a good deal. And so I think it you're seeing a little bit of exuberance right now that will probably wane when the reality of those kinds of prices have settled in.
Kelly King: Good question, Bob, and what we would suggest is that we would still have recently heavy but steadily directionally declining levels in the valuation marks and write-downs over the next couple of quarters, trending downward particularly, as we hit the second half of the year. So in our internal view in forecasting, we've assumed again trending downward but still healthy levels of cost to eliminate the OREOs when we move forward. I'd also remind you that maintenance expenses is really a function of promotional size of the portfolio and the way you can think about that is the maintenance cost on that is typically about 10% of the notional balance on an annualized basis. So that continues to be very consistent number for us. So as that number comes down, the OREO notional comes down, you're going to see that maintenance cost drop accordingly. As far as the held for sale marks, again, we will continue to revalue based on sales activity and so we reset the portfolio at the end of the year based on sales to date. And so we'll see how the activity in demand goes for the remaining assets in the core right now, and then we will adjust accordingly. And so, we would expect potentially some more marks if we chose to exit more rapidly. But hopefully, it will be close to what we had originally put in.
Clarke Starnes: This is Clarke. It was a mixture of what you said but certainly some were liquidated, others cured. And then frankly, we're not doing as many new TDRs and modifications at this stage of the cycle. But the majority of those are other CRE and C&I, and we're doing less ADC as I've said.
Clarke Starnes: We would expect, as I said, that the held for sale portfolio will be liquidated over the next quarter or two. Given the velocity we have, we think we will be out hopefully by mid-year.
Clarke Starnes: Certainly a very good question. We've been thinking a lot about it. As we've said before, we intend to be pretty thoughtful and considerate about the appropriate level of our reserves. And we want to avoid frankly a risk of a premature release. However, given the continued improvement in our credit trends and as I've said, a more positive economic outlook, we would expect lower provisioning as we move forward and that's likely would include some releases.
Clarke Starnes: Great question and I think that's the right way to view it. We would view that to get to the initial rightsize of this problem, we would know the three quarters or so. So I mentioned the $2 billion to $3 billion on the longer-term basis is probably the right size. But with muted starts right now, we would expect to be more on the lower end of that. And then as the market improves and there's more construction starts, we would obviously have a normalized level at the higher end of that range. So in our view, we probably got another three quarters or so to really get it where we need to be. So we feel confident by the end of the year, it will probably be close.
Clarke Starnes: Yes, Adam. As I mentioned earlier, for the quarter, we sold about $311 million worth of commercial notes. We also told you we have $249 million. But as far as pricing and valuations, we originally, when we move the commercial notes to held for sale last quarter, we took an initial mark of about 45%. Since that time, our sales activity has been -- revalued those assets consistent with that activity and it's about 47%. So we're very really close to our marks and what I would tell you is our four-pronged strategy is really working well, and we had a good mix of all four channels this quarter. So what we see is that we get very strong pricing when we can do direct sale particularly if there is more involvement in finding the sponsor as opposed to, for example, an auction where you're going to have your weakest pricing but you can move the assets very quickly. So we think it's important for us to use a mix of that. But I would suggest to you that blending all that out best resulted us in our marks in our sales activity being very close to what we have originally targeted.
Daryl Bible: Sure, Ken. This is Daryl. What I would say is, we see insurance, our investment banking growing. Our other deposits, trust, bank card, all those line items growing next year.
Daryl Bible: Right now, I think the biggest wildcard is the Durbin amendment and the debit interchange fees. And Kelly might want to comment on that.
Daryl Bible: What I would tell you is we think margin for next year is going to be relatively stable. So it shouldn't really trend higher loan but cumulatively flat. And core should be pretty much reflective of that. Colonial has about $2.4 billion of accretable yield yet to come through as the assets amortize down. And that's going to be decreasing as those assets come down. But it's still going to be a fair portion of what you're seeing come through right now. So definitely it's going to contribute to margin overall and keep our margins close to 4%. But I think overall, core margins should be relatively stable, especially as we're growing our assets in getting a positive mix change by the yields that we're getting there and attracting low-cost deposits. Both of those drivers are really helping maintain our margin on a core basis.
Daryl Bible: There was a little bit of overhang from the de-risking strategy and investments in the fourth quarter. So you have a full quarter impact in the first quarter.
Daryl Bible: From an investment portfolio perspective, we will probably have about a third of our securities that will be floating rate. So as that goes up 100 basis points, the portfolio is increasing and then you're still replacing, I probably say, 30 or 40 basis point positive impact on the portfolio for a given 100 basis point move. As far as how much impact you have on margin, you can see on our table that we will basically benefit with the rising rate forecast. So I would say margins would continue to improve if rates were to go back up. The first 50 won't be as great because we have a lot of commercial loans that have artificial moves [ph] on them such as that you will get a repricing there. But after the first 50 basis points move, our net interest income will improve and probably in the five to 10 basis points range.
Daryl Bible: Matt, the service charges we expect to be relatively flat year-over-year for us. And then as far as the bankcard and check card fees, we're planning to have high-single digit, low-double digit growth in those line items.
Daryl Bible: What I would tell you is that the fee income was netted to zero. So we had $100 million in provision that we talked about. 80% of that was offset in the FDIC receivable. But then we had the accretion from the loans and the securities, and those basically cancelled out which will basically have a net zero impact on the FDIC receivable this quarter. You are correct in that, all we're really showing on the table is the purchased accounting for the assets. We do not share what the funding cost is of these assets. We don't show what the operating costs are or anything like that. So we're just showing you an earnings impact based upon these assets. But obviously, the net profitability of all that is lower due to the other costs that are layered in there. What you will see overtime is these assets will continue to wind down so that accretion on income of these assets will decrease as the assets come down. So the impact will be less and less on net interest margin. We're still about $2.4 billion of accretable yield left to come through, and we'll probably expect that over the next two to three years on average. But there will be a long tail because the loss share agreement on the retail side goes out 10 years. But it's definitely helping to keep our GAAP margin higher, but the rate that we show the 375 basically includes the FDIC loss share asset as an earning asset. So it kind of put those earnings -- part of that assets, you can kind of see what the full GAAP margin is altogether which is maybe one way you could look at it. Some of our peers show margin that way with all they netted together. We just basically show you all the pieces separated.
Daryl Bible: I think if you get out to 2013, our asset quality issues are behind us. And you basically get that picked up on that 11 basis points there. So I think we feel pretty comfortable. 370, give or take, five or 10 basis points is a good core margin once everything flows through. With Colonial and the asset quality issues, that's probably a good reflection of what our margin is. That said, these are real earnings. They are accreting to capital and it's basically capital that can be used to support organic and strategic growth or be returned to the shareholder.
Daryl Bible: You basically take the income from the loss share asset in the numerator and then you take FDIC loss share asset, that's a non-earning asset, put that in the denominator and the earning asset. If you have any more detailed questions we could take some follow-up.
Daryl Bible: I think at year end, the portfolios had a net loss. But there is approximately $50 million to $100 million left to gain, so we don't really have any plans to do anything. Our de-risking strategy is pretty much over with.
