Mike Tokich: Thank you, Julie and good morning everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our first quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 21%. Growth was driven by organic volume as well as 130 basis points of price. Acquisitions in total added $141 million to revenue in the quarter, which is broken down by segment in the press release tables. To assist you with your modeling, I will share some color on the acquisition revenue contribution within the Healthcare segment. Of the approximately $96 million in acquired revenue, about 70% is consumable revenue from both Key Surgical and Cantel Medical. About 20% of the balance is capital equipment revenue with the last 10% being service revenue. We will not be breaking that down any further as it is already difficult to differentiate some product lines as we are integrating the businesses quickly and that challenge will only escalate as with each passing quarter. Gross margin for the quarter increased 220 basis points compared with the prior year to 46.6% as favorable productivity, pricing and acquisitions were somewhat offset by negative foreign currency, inflation and mix. Looking at the rest of the year, we do expect additional headwinds from inflation on raw materials. EBIT margin for the quarter was 22.9% of revenue, an increase of 130 basis points from the first quarter last year. As anticipated, we are starting to see some operating expenses such as travel and sales and marketing costs return, which limited EBIT margin growth. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 20.8%, higher than last year, but in line with our expectations for the fiscal year. Net income in the quarter increased to $159.9 million and earnings were $1.76 per diluted share. Our balance sheet is a continued source of strength for the company. Our leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter is lower than our expectations and is below 2.9x. We have less debt and higher EBITDA than we originally modeled. Cash at the end of the quarter totaled $535 million. Regarding the Cantel convertible notes, 100% of the holders have elected to convert their notes. All conversions will be fully settled in cash during the second quarter of fiscal ‘22. As of June 30, the estimated total cash settlement value was approximately $366.5 million. During the first quarter, capital expenditures totaled $56.4 million, while depreciation and amortization was $83.6 million. Capital spending in the first quarter was somewhat lower than planned due to weather-related delays for several of our AST construction projects. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $41.2 million. And as anticipated, this is a decline from the prior year due to cost associated with the Cantel Medical acquisition. With that, I will turn the call over to Dan for his remarks.
Mike Tokich: Good morning, Matt, it’s Mike. In regards to the phasing, the percentages, we came out with 45-55 split for the year on our last call. It’s moved 1% or 2%. So it’s not material in our view. So we have not updated that. But it’s moving a little bit more towards, obviously, the second half, but again, 100 basis part or 200 basis points, nothing material from our standpoint. Corporate costs, obviously, we have seen travel and we have seen some return of additional costs. So I would say $75 million may be a little high, but think about obviously a larger increase as we go on. And usually, the first quarter is a little bit higher for us as we are providing for bonuses for the year at the start. Obviously, there are some commissions also in there. But I would say, relatively, you’re definitely going to see an increase in the operating expenses. If everything is assumed without, as Dan talked about, without seeing any additional variance, we have seen travel pickup for our field and for our corporate staff.
Mike Tokich: I mean, Matt, it’s difficult right now is what I would say, coming out of a post-COVID year in the sort of phasing where we’re still in COVID, but we’re not. So our overarching goals at STERIS is to deliver in the high single digits and the low double digits on bottom consistently as a company. I think we probably are getting a little lift this past quarter from a faster procedural recovery than we anticipated, but that’s our forward-looking statement that we’ve had consistently in terms of our objectives for growth.
Mike Tokich: And Mike, to give you some context, Dental, I mean, we just had it for 28 days. But it is – as Dan said, it is performing in line with our expectations. And if you look year-over-year, they have about a 30% revenue growth. So obviously, doing very nicely as they are seeing the dental market and the procedures on the dental customers coming back nicely as we have seen on the healthcare side.
Mike Tokich: Yes, certainly. So, it does include Cantel. And so one of the – as part of the calculation, we do have the ability to include the prior 12 months of Cantel’s EBITDA. And obviously, Cantel performed much better over the last two quarters than we anticipated in our model. So, that’s one factor of why leverage is lower. The other factor is Cantel actually was able to pay-down their debt much more quickly, and it was lower than we anticipated at close. And in addition to that, they actually had a higher cash balance than we anticipated. So, that also was a factor in allowing us to continue to pay-down, but more importantly, borrow less debt as the transaction closed. So, those are the two main factors.
Dan Carestio: I mean what we’re seeing now is obviously driven by a rebound in procedures, especially the highly elective procedures which are generally the higher value type products that we process. So that’s where we’re seeing a lot of the improvement now. In the past, Matt, we saw the benefit of PPE and some of the COVID-related products when we saw declines in normal procedural type products. Going forward, assuming that things are resuming at normal levels of procedural occurrences and we don’t get slipped up significantly by another COVID variant in terms of procedural slowdown, we’re highly confident that we will continue to grow. And we believe that the COVID-related products are here to stay for the foreseeable future anyways. And then clearly, the work that we’re doing with bioprocessing disposables is long-term sustainable growth for us. So all in all, I think we’re reaping the benefits of a lot of investments we put in place over the last few years in terms of capacity expansion and able to fill those as customers’ demand continues to tick up.
Dan Carestio: Yes. It’s not dental underperforming. They are right on target in terms of what our expectations were in our deal model. AST just is running a little hot right now is what I would say.
Dan Carestio: Yes, Mike, I would say that it’s probably a high watermark for us right now. We had a lot of things from a favorable standpoint happen during the quarter, and those are going to be hard to repeat. And I think one of the things that we want to make sure we come across with is we continue to expect higher inflation as we go out and hire material costs. So, that will put some – definitely put some pressure on those margins. So, I would say it’s a little bit lower than that. 46.6% is probably, again, a high watermark for us.
Dan Carestio: We are seeing issues, but nothing that’s constraining in terms of our ability to deliver for customers. There are certain instances where maybe we are paying a little more than what we paid historically. But generally speaking, we have been managing through it pretty well at this point.
Dan Carestio: Yes. As you know, our biggest concern probably this time last year when we spoke was what was going to happen with capital spending. And it actually recovered much quicker than we thought. And we were building backlog all through the second half of the year. What we are seeing now is just – there seems to be a lot of spending, both in healthcare, and we are seeing some of the replacement business in the research market and the healthcare also coming back at this point. So, the hospital systems just seem a little more bullish in terms of long-term growth expectations. And so we are well positioned to accommodate those expansions, both in SPD and also in the surgical suites.
Dan Carestio: I would rather say we have a steady diet of sort of iterative new products that we continue to roll out. Our R&D teams have done a really great job over the last 4 years or 5 years in making sure that we are able to be well positioned with new features, new benefits on core products around washing and steam and hydrogen peroxide and now with Medivators around AERs as well. So, there is nothing that’s revolutionary in terms of new type applications, but like I said, a steady diet of iterative new product development that’s coming to market.
Dan Carestio: It does. What I would say is it’s been during COVID, and it’s – this is universally applied across the globe. It is very difficult to build major projects. Buildings, let alone complex engineered structures and, getting resources, getting the skilled labor across borders to be in the right place at the right time, weather delays are all factors that can slowdown the process. Having said that, our teams are – we are building a number of facilities right now, and our teams are working aggressively to compensate. But we are optimistic that although a little later than anticipated or originally planned, we are in a pretty good spot in terms of our ability to bring them up successfully and in the right time.
