Julie Winter: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. As usual, speaking on our call today will be Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Dan Carestio, our President and CEO. I do have a few words of caution before we open for comments. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those risk factors described in STERIS' securities filings. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS' SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth, and free cash flow will be used. Additional information regarding these measures, including definitions, is available in our release, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter: Thanks, Dan and Mike, for your comments. Jamie, if you'll give the instructions, we can open up for Q&A.
Julie Winter: Matt, you guys know we are heavy U.S., right, compared to a lot of other healthcare companies. We're 80% U.S. in what we do. So, the trends here have the biggest impact on our performance.
Julie Winter: We called those out in the Q last night, Mike, some Healthcare and AST really small deals in some cases, buying out a former distributor, for example, where there's really no change in revenue to the company, but we're choosing to go direct to markets opportunistically.
Julie Winter: Thanks, everybody, for taking the time to join us this morning. If anyone would still like to chat, please let me know, and I'll be happy to do my best to accommodate you. Take care.
Michael Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our third quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 7%, driven by volume, as well as 300 basis points of price. As anticipated, the divestiture of the Renal Care business impacted our revenue comparisons to the prior year by about $47 million, which is detailed in the press release tables. This is the last quarter of a year-over-year impact for the Renal Care business as we divested it in January of last year. The integration of Cantel Medical continues to go well. We achieved approximately $10 million of cost synergies in the third quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to about $45 million. We are well on track to achieve our stated goal of approximately $50 million in fiscal year 2023. As anticipated, gross margin for the quarter decreased 200 basis points, compared with the prior year, to 43.1%, as pricing, currency, and the favorable impact from the divestiture of Renal Care were more than offset by lower productivity, unfavorable mix, and higher material labor costs. Sequentially, the impact of material labor costs have improved and totaled about $15 million in the quarter, compared to the prior year. This puts us at about $75 million year-to-date, with our outlook of $90 million for the year remaining unchanged. EBIT margin declined 10 basis points to 23.9% of revenue, compared with the third quarter last year, which reflects the gross margin pressures mentioned earlier, which were partially offset by lower SG&A expenses. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 23.4% higher than the prior year, due primarily to geographic mix and favorable discrete items, which occurred in last year's third quarter. Net income in the quarter was $202.4 million and earnings were $2.02 per diluted share, reflecting the lower anticipated value. Capital expenditures for the first nine months totaled $290.5 million, while depreciation and amortization totaled $410.7 million. Year-to-date, our capital expenditure spending has been higher than anticipated, primarily due to timing of our investments within the AST segment. We still expect our full year capital expenditures to be approximately $330 million. Total debt increased slightly in the third quarter to just over $3 billion, reflecting borrowings to fund a few small acquisitions and share repurchases. Total debt to EBITDA is slightly over 2.3 times gross leverage. Free cash flow in the first nine months of the year was $263 million. Free cash flow was limited by higher-than-planned capital spending, mainly due to timing, and higher levels of inventory. With continued pressure on working capital, in particular, inventory and, now, accounts receivables, we now anticipate the free cash flow for the full year will be about $500 million or a reduction of about $100 million, based on our last guidance. With that, I will turn the call over to Dan for his remarks.
Michael Tokich: Dave, I would also add in there. The reduction in bioprocessing was another $10 million roughly, and that was split about evenly between AST and Life Sciences, just so that we're all on the same page.
Michael Tokich: And Matt, I would just also add. Obviously, our backlog remains -- at least at Healthcare at record levels and within Life Sciences, near-record levels. And you have seen that we are getting through some of the supply chain constraints. We did ship more sequentially. That $30 million of capital deferral in Healthcare was $60 million last quarter. I mean, we are seeing progression there. So, that does give us, as we look out further, more confidence for next year.
Michael Tokich: Yes. I think surgical procedure volume was the other thing that we anticipated was going to be much higher this year. And obviously, everybody knows how that is playing out, although from a favorability standpoint, we have seen some improvement in Q3 in the U.S. in particular. But again, there is just so many moving pieces here. And to Dan's point, I think conservatism at the end of the day is the norm for us, and we have put out a outlook for the fourth quarter that we believe is conservative in nature, based upon the facts that we continue to work with throughout the year.
Michael Tokich: Yes. I would say that if we go back to the beginning of the year, we anticipated about $675 million in free cash flow. And obviously, we're down to $500 million. And I would bucket though, that inventory and receivables two-thirds, one-third. Inventory is remaining elevated. Obviously, as we have not been able to ship at the rates we anticipated, we are carrying more inventory, as we've talked many times the last couple of quarters. We continue to fill our manufacturing slots. So we're building, building, building, waiting for that golden screw. But that golden screw doesn't come, that product remains in inventory until we ship it. So, inventory has continued to be elevated. And then on the receivables side, it's not our inability to collect. It's just the timing of collections. We have about just under a 60-day DSO that we have collection. So, originally, we anticipated shipping earlier or more product in the third quarter. That has shifted to the fourth quarter, which pushes collections into the first quarter. So, free cash flow isn't lost. It's just more of a timing issue.
Michael Tokich: Yes. Your math is about right. And in total, we're somewhere between $25 million and $30 million for the full year for Mevex. But yes, you're exactly right, Mike. It was near zero. So, that full $10 million is flipped from one quarter, third quarter to the fourth quarter. And again, it's the timing. It is lumpy, unfortunately. I know that AST has in the past been much more predictable for us, but Mevex has hurt us twice now with shipping issues. But if you add the Mevex shipping issues, you take the biopharma processing, you're back to somewhere in the low-teens growth for AST. So, the trajectory hasn't changed dramatically, but it's the timing that is the concern, I think, from everybody's standpoint.
Michael Tokich: Yes. So, the debt balance went up primarily for two reasons. One, we did some minor acquisitions, some tuck-ins that we paid cash for during the quarter. And then we continued to fulfill our dilution offset for share repurchases. And then we also were opportunistic during the quarter on the share repurchase side just due to the overhang that we were facing with the EO situation. So, in total, we spent about $88 million in the quarter on share repurchases and then another $50 million to $75 million of cost for acquisitions. So, those are the two main drivers that changed our profile of debt. We still are within the leverage ratio that we are very comfortable in. We're just over 2.3 times. We did pay off during the quarter a private placement note that was due, which was about $91 million. So, we actually just borrowed -- it was fixed versus floating. So, our interest rate ticked up just a tiny bit. Our average interest rate is just under 4%, as we sit here today.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. So, let me give you a little background. So, our customers are typically, at least in AST, where we took the biggest hit, are typically the manufacturers of single-use technologies that are sterile technologies that are used in aseptic manufacturing for vaccines and biopharmaceuticals. What we saw -- what we have seen for the last couple years is high double-digit growth on a year-over-year in that sector within AST. It's been one of our larger growers and depending on the quarter, it's contributed anywhere from 1.5% to 2.5% growth on top of the normal growth that we've seen in AST. That peaked in Q2, which would be at the end of the summer, early fall, which would be logical going into high vaccine production sort of season. Our customers had built a lot of inventory. And with the slowdown and either vaccine reluctancy or just vaccine production in general, they were stranded with a lot of inventory. And consequently, our volumes in Q3 went down significantly. So, we started to see it in the beginning of Q3. At that point, there is nothing we could do to adjust, and we think this is something that will work its way through as the inventories burn down. And the underlying supporting growth for single-use technologies in bioprocessing remains. It's -- once we work through the tough comparison of the vaccine spike that was anticipated.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. I mean, our stated objective is to grow high-single digits on the topline and low-double digits on the bottom line. And we believe with a high degree of confidence that's something we can continue to do even in the current market conditions over the long haul.
Daniel Carestio: Matt, we've got to get through Q4 at this point. And so, we are not doing any guidance for next fiscal year. A few comments I would say that are -- this is preliminary, but encouraging is -- and you've heard some of our other medtech peers mention that they're optimistic about procedural recovery in the second half of the calendar year. We believe things started in Q3 to recover back to pre-COVID levels in Healthcare, particularly in the U.S.; it's still lagging pretty significantly outside of the U.S. But assuming that holds and improves in the second half of the calendar year, since we're largely a procedure-driven company, that would be beneficial to us.
Daniel Carestio: It's remained very strong at this point, which I know is a bit in the face of everything you read about the financial performance of a lot of the hospital systems these days. But they seem to be still willing to significantly invest in the future capacity requirements. For procedures -- and keep in mind, largely, everything that we sell in terms of capital into hospital systems, it's almost like infrastructure. In order for them to perform at a higher rate of sort of volume, they've got to have more sterilizers, they've got to have more washers, they have to have more OR tables and lights. So, I think our equipment is not -- it's not a luxury, it's a utility in many respects.
Daniel Carestio: I think what you're going to see as it relates to bioprocessing is you're going to see pretty tough comps leading up to Q2 of this past year, the year that we're currently in. So, I think as we burn those down and get back to what is the normalized growth rate for bioprocessing, which is still in the mid-to-higher double digits, but it's going to take some time to burn through the inventory and to burn through what was a spike in vaccine production demands.
Daniel Carestio: No. I mean, it's -- we're obviously looking at our capital spending and adjusting the timing of when we build and add this -- the infrastructure into our capacity. The market and just the inconvenience of supply chains and construction has helped us defer capital a bit, just because it's been a challenging time to build anything. But no, our plans remain largely unchanged, maybe different prioritizations of what comes online first. But other than that, the projects are still in play and we're very confident about those.
Daniel Carestio: I mean, what I would -- yes, at some point, and we're not defining that point at this time. We expect sequential improvement in our capital shipments as we look to the quarter that we're in currently. And as we look into next fiscal year, we continue to believe things are improving and that would lead one to believe that we will deliver a disproportionate amount of capital in that backlog in the first half of the year. But we have not modeled that out and we have not done our planning yet on that.
Daniel Carestio: I think that largely is determined by what happens or continues to happen with inflationary pressures. To the extent that we need to push through pricing and it makes sense to do so in order to protect our margins and still remain competitive in the marketplace, that's something that we'll do and we have always done consistently at STERIS.
Daniel Carestio: No, I wouldn't say so. I mean, the current situation in the industry is the capacity is pretty tight, especially as it relates to ethylene oxide here in the U.S. So, we have strong partners across medtech, and we're always striving to take a little more share of wallet wherever we can do that.
Daniel Carestio: Yes, Jason, I'll make one comment, and then I'll let Mike add a few comments as well. I think we came into the year when we did our planning in our guidance with an awfully large backlog. And just -- and we're under the impression, because we had navigated COVID incredibly well at that point relative to supply chain and we really got -- we got tripped up pretty bad in Q1. And it exposed some vulnerabilities in our supply chains across our manufacturing network. What I can tell you is we're a lot more resilient now and we have a much better eye and a much better strategic focus on managing those supply chains and having much more resiliency, and I believe that will carry forward into next year. Now, having said that, just because you roll into the year with a large backlog, I think we need to be a little more cautiously optimistic and a little more metered in our expectations of how quickly that will shift.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. Just to add to that, Mike, those systems for Mevex can be anywhere from $5 million or $6 million to $12 million, and they're large build systems with lots of conveyance and complicated electronics and control systems. And we rely on our customers to have the infrastructure in place before we can come install. And sometimes there's change in scope and sometimes, there's just delays in construction. So, it's as much as we try to stay on top of it and help project manage. Ultimately, it's in the hands of our customer as to when we can deliver.
Daniel Carestio: I think it's purely procedural volume-driven. They don't hold a lot of this, because it's heavy, it's bulky. It takes up a lot of space. So, it's not something that would carry a lot of excess inventory of.
Daniel Carestio: You can get into a really complex stratification of this. But in the end, it's not really any one particular piece that's driving it one way or another. So, I wouldn't say it's a mix issue. It's truly procedure-driven, certain procedures in terms of where we have a little more exposure with our endoscopy products, obviously, to endoscopy procedure rates. But generally speaking, it's all procedurally-driven demand.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. Well, keep in mind, all single-use technologies for bioprocessing only run in radiation, so not ethylene oxide, where there's real significant shortage. And really, the phenomena is, if we're running with a lot of product backlog, especially as we come up to the holiday seasons, in a typical year in AST, we would starve out our plants. So, we'd shut down a day or two and you either do it the Christmas week or you end up starving out, because it takes customers a longer time to start up production, because they've shut down factories before you see their supply chain start to flow in early January. In the case of the last couple of years, we've been sitting on so much backlog demand in bioprocessing that we ran at a number of our plants straight through the holidays, 24/7, 365. So, not doing that in this year's case; it's basically straight drop-through because of the high fixed cost model at AST.
Daniel Carestio: We're still fully competing. And you got to think of it this way. These are generally -- a significant portion of our business is long-term projects. And then the other portion is replacement, and that's largely replacement of equipment that we already have placed in the marketplace. So, if we have a longer term in terms of delivery for replacement unit, we tend to be able to work with the customer and manage that through our service arrangements and service contracts until we can replace that with a new system.
Michael Polark: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I want to follow up on bioprocess and AST and trying to put together some math, Dan, that you mentioned earlier in the Q&A. So, at one point, not long ago, it was contributing 1.5 points to 2 points of growth to the segment. I also heard that it's been growing high-double digits, which I would interpret as 15% to 20%. So, if I put those two data points together, bioprocess as a portion of total and AST is 10%. Is that a ballpark? The question is --
Michael Polark: I have two for me. I would hop back in queue and ask a few more, but I guess -- maybe I'll do that and come back in. So, thank you.
Michael Polark: Makes sense. And the last one. The few small acquisitions in the quarter, anything to flag there? In what business segments and any revenue that we -- even if minor, any revenue that we should consider for our bridge work over the next year or so? Thank you.
