Walter Rosebrough: Sure. Yes, you are correct in your original assumption that -- actually, it’s a little over 1/2 that was a difference between where we were thinking we would be in the quarter and where the street was. And as you know, we don’t give quarterly guidance. So that’s not completely unexpected. We are usually closer than that together, but this time, we were a little further apart. But on the differences, I would say, almost by definition, all of the differences versus our plan, which is a little less than 1/2 of the $0.12, almost all of the differences are unexpected. That is, FX does what it does. We didn’t expect it. The tax rate, the IRS and we determine things at a time. And when they come -- we never know exactly when they are going to come. And so it was unexpected vis-à-vis the quarter. For the year, we think it levels out. And then the balance is really the shipments and mix, and that was unexpected when we set our plan, so -- but the flipside of that is our backlog grew $20 million, and that was unexpected too. So that’s why we have confidence that, that reverses. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. In any short-term period, that’s always a difficult question to answer, because the hospitals use things and then they choose to stock up and not stock up and all that. So we see some variation due to the way they choose to order. And that sometimes lags or leads their usage. So it’s a little difficult to answer, but we clearly -- as most people have said, the rates in hospitals slowed down a bit, actually particularly in the fourth quarter of last year, as I recall. We've seen it a little stronger than that. And so it could just be a temporal thing. Right now, we are not concerned about the overall direction of that business. 
Walter Rosebrough: There were 3 other questions. I got the first one and the last one. There are 2 other questions, I think. The last one, Erin, in terms of capital, we are seeing nothing different than we have been saying now for probably close to a year, 6 or 9 months anyway, close to a year. That is, we are not seeing extraordinary increases in capital spending in North America, nor we are seeing decreases. They are running at what I would call solid rates, steady state to slightly up. And that’s reflected in our order patterns over this last 6, 8, 12 months, and so it’s strictly a matter of when the timing of shipments. And what we have seen again, and this fluctuates a little bit, we have seen a little bit more increase in large projects as opposed to replacement work in that, and so those large projects are defined shipment dates usually out -- almost always out further than replacement work. So we just have some projects, some larger projects that are sitting out a quarter or 2 as compared to where we were a quarter ago, and that’s how the backlog tends to grow because the order patterns are up, and they are up sequentially, but they are not up nearly as much as the backlog reflects. And Erin, I am sorry. I missed the middle question, I think. 
Walter Rosebrough: Inside the consumables, there is not significant mix issue. It’s really the mix of consumables versus -- and really, if you look at it, we traded a little bit, the mix of consumables versus the mix of service. Our service business grew nicely, and it has a little lower profitability than our consumables business. And again, we don’t think either one of those is some change of trend. It’s just, in a quarter, those things happen. 
Walter Rosebrough: The primary reason, of course, we bought U.S. Endoscopy was because it was an area that we wanted to get into and we wanted to have a channel into that business. And they gave us channel and product. We clearly have that, and so we are seeing that. We are seeing modest synergies, but those are the kinds of synergies we expected to see. The more important thing is we are continuing to see solid growth and solid product development cycles. And so they are doing very well vis-à-vis what our expectations were and what our plan is for them. 
Walter Rosebrough: Bob, at this point, doing half and half is equivalent of doing quarterly guidance for the next quarter, but I understand your view and, as I've said, we clearly -- historically, we’ve done, I think, a pretty good job of matching up. This quarter, we did not match up very well, and that’s our responsibility. I should have been clearer in my communication with you all. But on that, we've said in our statements that the bulk of what we missed in the first quarter we expect to make up in the second half. And that’s not something we would expect. Generally speaking, we are not going to pick it up in the second quarter. So that’s one guidepost I can give you, and the other is we gave a 42-58 split at the end of the year -- or last year -- or at the beginning of this year, excuse me. At the beginning of this year, we gave a 42-58 split because we knew we were going to be investing more into the first half and getting the benefit of that in the second half. We would be slightly under that today if we were reguiding. I don’t think we will give a number there because, again, that -- you get too many coordinates and I'm giving quarterly guidance, but we are not going to make that $5 million up this year, so plus or minus and so -- excuse me, we are not going to make the differential, which is slightly under $6 million, up in this coming half. As a result, this coming half is going to be lighter than the 42-58 that we gave you earlier. 
Walter Rosebrough: Chris, we saw mix -- as we mentioned, the consumables are a little off, and we think that's a temporal issue. And that -- so there wasn’t mix within consumables. So it’s not that issue, it's just the fact that there was less consumables, which [indiscernible]... 
Walter Rosebrough: Where there was a mix within products was in the capital side, and on the capital side, again, it just so happened that what we shift were our relatively lower-margin products and then -- and less of our higher-margin, more of our lower-margin. When we look at our backlog going forward, that goes back to our normal trend, so we don’t believe that this is a trend. It just is a one-off issue. 
Walter Rosebrough: And I would add, Chris, all of these items that we talked about, being the investments in the insourcing, the investments that we are making in R&D, these are virtually all Healthcare-related, or certainly the preponderance of the money there is Healthcare-related. And as a result, the savings from those will be Healthcare-related. So, that’s why we believe that we will see the Healthcare profitability move back. 
Walter Rosebrough: Two -- I am going to answer it. I think you separated -- I'm going to separate 2 questions, I think, Chris. The first is, for the year, we don’t feel any differently today than we felt 90 days ago in terms of organic growth. And for the quarter, it was indeed unexpected that the quarter in Healthcare came in a bit lighter than our expectation, which we -- actually, we talked about that when we were talking about versus expectations. So we were a little light versus our expectations. 
Walter Rosebrough: And then almost all of that is contained in the backlog. That’s where the -- that’s one of the reasons the backlog grew. Our orders didn’t change versus our expectations... 
Walter Rosebrough: The bulk of those, there is -- there will be reduction in expense in those because of the money we’re spending to do the integration, but we adjust that out. So when you look at adjusted earnings, we don’t see tremendous changes in operating margins for that reason. We've pretty much done what we’re going to do. Now over time, like all of our businesses, we look for ways to improve. So they will be looking for ways to improve, just as they have in the past and we will in the future, but I don’t see a step function for that reason. 
Walter Rosebrough: The first answer to your question is we do have a robust pipeline. Going forward, we’re looking at a number of things, as we’ve talked about before. First of all, we’re not going to comment on what -- obviously, prior to the time when we would make an announcement. But secondly, the timing of those is often far more dependent on the seller than the buyer, so we don’t have a lot of control of timing. So that’s the answer to your first question. And actually, we are excited about the things we’re looking at. In the end, it comes down to price and how we feel and how they feel. But we like what we are seeing in the marketplace. The second question is -- or answer to your second question is we did not include anything for acquisitions other than those that we’ve already announced in our forecast or plans. 
Walter Rosebrough: Sure. Outside the U.S., I would break it into roughly 2 camps. Latin America and Europe, we are seeing maybe a little bit of sunshine. Those have been -- particularly Europe has been very difficult. I would say that it's certainly not robust, but it seems like there is a little bit of thawing in Europe. In Latin America, we've had good solid performance there for a long time and we think we’ll continue to see that good solid performance, although it’s not the -- I'll call it maybe the market itself is not the robust growth that it has been. And in Asia-Pacific, we are clearly seeing more pressure as you see those economies slowdown. 
Michael Tokich: Erin, it's Mike. We had minus 4% in our organic consumables business reflected within Healthcare. I don’t know, Walt, you want to... 
Michael Tokich: That is correct, yes. So it’s just -- it’s the rest of our Healthcare business less the acquisitions and less SYSTEM 1E impact. 
Michael Tokich: Bob, we do see variation. And for example, last year, if you look through the year, we had 3 quarters that looked kind of similar and 1 quarter that had an off-tick. And we've -- and then it went back up, and we've -- if you go back year-over-year, every year, we see that. We don’t see -- the reason I suggest it is we don’t see any fundamental cause for that. And sometimes there is timing. We go both through distributors and we go -- and hospitals make decisions about when they buy, so sometimes we see blips in timing. At this point in time, that’s our view. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, let’s talk 2 things. The first is, the most significant variation or difference quarter -- year-over-year in cash flow was the management incentive program, not capital spending, and that’s because we didn’t pay one the year before because, as you know, 2 years ago our performance wasn’t what we expected. So that’s the biggest variation when you're looking different -- differentials. Now in terms of capital spending, we have picked up our capital spending. You have to remember, there is multiple reasons for capital spending. The first is Isomedix, and as we have said, we have continued to grow our capacity in Isomedix. And capacity is a twofold equation. It is the physical facilities as well as the cobalt [ph] that we purchase. And we expect to see that continuing to grow modestly as we continue to grow the business, and so that we will continue to see in line with growth of the business. So that’s one section. The other significant area, as you mentioned, is that we are investing in our plans to do more insourcing of products that we are making, and that is -- there is twofold. One is, some of those are literally insourcing of a product itself that is someone else's that was manufacturing for us historically and now we are going to manufacture ourself, and the other is components of products. And we are doing both. And as we mentioned, we were spending about $20 million over the course of a couple of years, and we were getting significant annual savings for doing that. This year, the front end of that -- and it's not just capital costs, Bob, because you see that in increased depreciation, of course, but you also see the project expense that we are going through and the changeover from when you switched from a vendor from Part A to Part B. There's changeover costs. There's a number of things that we are incurring in those expenses. We’re incurring the bulk of those expenses in the first half of this year, and we experience good returns in the back half of the year from doing that and then -- but more importantly, out in the future years, we expect to see $8 million to $10 million of profit improvement as a result of that or cost reduction as a result of that. I think we've said about $8 million you should expect next year, and then the other couple of million dribble out the following year. 
Michael Tokich: Bob, that’s a tough call. Plus or minus $10 million or $15 million, I would say yes. Plus or minus $2 million, I don’t know. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, right now, Jason, what we’ve just outlined before is that the combination of insourcing and 1E decline was about 90 basis points impact on gross margin. Obviously, we anticipate, as Walt said earlier, that will continue through the first half. So we’ll probably spend some of that again in Q2 and then, obviously, start generating savings throughout the remainder of the year, most likely the bulk of that in the fourth quarter also. So you can anticipate some additional spending next quarter and then some savings in third quarter, but most of the savings generated to become neutral for the year in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, we still think, even though we had some discrete item adjustments this quarter, which were unfavorable, we still think and anticipate the range in 34% to 35%, as is in our guidance. 
Michael Tokich: On that, the way we handle FX in our forecast is we are not foreign exchange forecasters, so we literally take the forward rates at the end of the quarter and apply them to our forecasts. And if you do that, taking the forward rates as of the end of June, it actually does reverse and come slightly positive, so it turns from the negative that you saw in this quarter to slightly positive. 
Michael Tokich: So it’s positive -- it overcomes what we lost, again, if those rates stay the same. Now your forecast of U.S. dollar versus all of these currencies, if it's any better than the forward rates, use that one. We don’t try to do that. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, Chris, we are still targeting a total company adjusted EBIT of about 15.5%, and that obviously means that Healthcare has to come back over the next couple of quarters. And we believe it will. Again, it's more timing, but most of that impact from where we are today has to come from Healthcare in order to get us there. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, Chris, I would say that we -- our anticipation is the same. It was at 50 or 60 basis points, we would have no change in that. Again, Q1 is one quarter. We still have the bulk of the year ahead of us. So I think we would still maintain that 50 to 60 basis point improvement from an EBIT margin standpoint. 
