Walter Rosebrough: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us today.  Our third quarter performance is similar to our second quarter. We had solid revenue growth and strong free cash flow. Our profitability, however, was impacted by certain investments we continued to make for the long-term benefit of our customers and the company.  From a top line perspective, all 3 of our business segments reported solid growth marking our fourth consecutive quarter of growth across each segment. Of note, our Healthcare segment reported 22% growth in capital equipment or 6% excluding the SYSTEM 1E units shipped during the quarter. In a macro environment that continues to be challenging, we are encouraged by those results. As I discussed last quarter, we had anticipated that the delay in V-PRO shipments would benefit us in the second half of the year. And we did see a nice revenue improvement in that product line during the quarter. In addition, our Reliance EPS and our line of washer/disinfectors experienced solid growth. In our surgical business unit, we saw good growth in our lighting and integration lines.  Our Healthcare consumables business outside of SYSTEM 1 and SYSTEM 1E related items continues to grow in line with surgical procedure volumes in the low single-digits. Life Sciences built on its earlier solid performance through the third quarter. The highlight was a 25% growth in capital equipment revenue as we continue to see more purchases of replacement equipment by our pharma customers.  Our Isomedix unit had another good quarter in both revenue and in profitability. As Mike has already addressed we continue to invest for the long term, which is impacting our profitability. The general categories are similar to last quarter. Transition related costs for our Europe and Erie consolidation efforts as well as SYSTEM 1E uptime reliability costs. We are working on several initiatives to reduce the uptime issues experienced by some customers with SYSTEM 1E, most notably around facility water. In addition to working with our customers to improve their incoming water and increasing the frequency of preventing maintenance calls, we have filed a special 510K with the FDA to implement software modifications that will allow the SYSTEM 1E to handle a wider range of facility water characteristics without incurring certain nuisance aborts. We have not yet received clearance from the agency for the special 510K in order to implement to this field correction but anticipate a determination on this submission soon. To round out our discussion on SYSTEM 1E, we shipped about 1,300 units in the quarter and ended the quarter with 1,000 orders in backlog. Quotes and orders continue to come in on a daily basis and we had about 2,000 open quotes at quarter-end. Also, we continue to work with the FDA on the de novo submission for our spore based monitoring strip and anticipate a clearance decision for our customers.  As we indicated in an 8-K filing in December, the FDA extended our support of current SYSTEM 1 customers in the US up to August 2, 2012 provided those customers complete a certificate of transition. As we mentioned at the time, we anticipate that up to 1,000 units may be delayed from Q4 to fiscal 2013 as a result of this change. So we now anticipate we will ship about 4,000 SYSTEM 1E units during the current year. Moving on to our outlook for fiscal 2012, as you have seen we are adjusting both our top and bottom line expectations for the year for 2 primary reasons. Our revised revenue expectation of 6% growth assumes that all 3 business segments will deliver revenue growth of mid-single digits. The most significant changes we anticipate are a reduction in Healthcare growth from our prior expectations and an increase in Life Science growth given the strong performance to date. Our expectations for Isomedix are unchanged from the beginning of the year.  In addition, as I mentioned earlier, we anticipate that our long term investments in the business will continue at a higher rate than our previous estimate. As a result, our EBIT margin for the full year is anticipated to be approximately 15% and our full year earnings per diluted share will now be in the range of $2.13 to $2.20 excluding restructuring expenses. Our free cash flow is expected to be $90 million as reported or $110 million excluding the payments related to the SYSTEM 1 Rebate Program and class action litigation. We continue to anticipate that capital expenditures will end the year around $70 million. I look forward to sharing our expectations for fiscal 2013 with you in May, when we announce our fourth quarter results. With that, I will turn the call back over to begin the Q&A portion of our call. 
Walter Rosebrough: Bob, you're generally correct on the transition program. That is that customers, if they are continuing to use S20 or SYSTEM 1, and are looking for our support that they do -- it is required that they send in their certificate of transition. That certificate of transition though does not give information on what they are transitioning to or from. So other than the fact that people are sending in transition documents saying, we are transitioning later than February 2, and some indication of when they expect to be transitioning, we have no other granularity on that issue. 
Walter Rosebrough: That’s correct. On the form that we receive back, which is the certificate of transition, it does not state what they are transitioning to and it's -- there is no request of what they are transitioning to. And I'm confident, Bob, that would be, I think, potentially considered confidential information if -- for other vendors if the FDA required that and sent it to us. So I'm confident that's why they would not do that. 
Walter Rosebrough: The hospitals -- nothing is required of the hospital really if you boil it down. We cannot support them if they don't have the transition document to us. So we cannot continue to sell them S20. We cannot support the device if they don't have that in. So effectively, Bob, if they want to continue they have to get that certificate of transition to us. If they want to place an order on February 3, they have to have it to us on February 2. 
Walter Rosebrough: It is correct that we cannot support them until they give us their certificate. So if they give us their certificate on the 4th we can ship on the 5th for example. So we wouldn't expect, frankly, we wouldn't expect a lot of these to come in 3 months from now, right? We would expect them to come in over days and a couple of weeks, not months. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well, I would split it, Bob, into 2 categories. One category in general is the transition costs in both Europe and Erie and we're seeing the tail of those transition costs if you will. And we have talked about the going forward -- first of all there's a reduction in the cost obviously. And then there are going-forward savings. And, Mike, you may want to mention those. 
Walter Rosebrough: The other piece is what I talked about in SYSTEM 1E is we are doing a lot of work with our customers to: a, help them ascertain what their water quality is; b, ascertain how they -- what they can do to fix it; c, working with our devices to work with them through this process until they get that done. And then lastly the field corrections that we have talked about with the SYSTEM 1E to make the device more robust against a wider range of water quality. And so that expense will be disappearing as we complete that. 
Walter Rosebrough: Sure. We had very strong performance in Asia Pacific. In Latin America it was below our expectation but not significantly below our expectations. Largely in the new Sercon unit where we're a bit behind what our expectations were. In Europe they had modest growth, lower single-digit growth and given the pressure in that environment we were feeling pretty good about them maintaining that side on the Healthcare. Life Science actually had strong growth in the period. So on average we were in the mid to upper single-digit growth in Europe. So good strong performance in that region of the world. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well, we haven't done the forecast for 2013 but the expenses that relate to the Europe and Erie transition will largely go away. There may be modest expenses next year but it would be modest. The SYSTEM 1E type of expenses, we again are not -- we haven't forecast that number yet. But we are beginning to see a reduction or an improvement in the uptime particularly in the last month or so. Our uptime or frequency of calls, if you will, dropped by about 30%. So we are anticipating that going down over the course of next year. 
Walter Rosebrough: At this point we still I think are suggesting that it will be, as best we can tell, roughly our average utilization. And we've said kind of historically that we expect the range of 30% to 40% of if you will from the beginning of time couple of years ago, 30% to 40% of the [indiscernible] volume is kind of the range we're looking at right now. 
Walter Rosebrough: We still have the SYSTEM 1 transition is not over and of course it fell all through the course of the year. So even when you hit the bottom of that, you still have some SYSTEM 1 if you will hang over going into next year. When you look out long-term though and of course some of these costs that we have will go away as we've talked about before. If you look out in the long-term we're still feeling like high single-digit, low double-digit growth rates are what we should be expecting. Order of magnitude, that's our view of the longer term. 
Walter Rosebrough: Most of what we see -- I guess I'd say 2 things. We look at the same third party things that you look at and hearing from hospital folks, we're kind of seeing their conversation is around flat to up a little, flat to up a few points next year. We don't have a whole lot of visibility out beyond that. And so I think at this point that's kind the way we are seeing their overall spending pattern. 
Walter Rosebrough: I would characterize most of that as expenses that were greater than we expected, largely in the area of the SYSTEM 1E. So we did as you recall we said last time that we had -- the spending we already had we were anticipating working to reduce that in this second half. We are working to reduce it. We are seeing some positive results but it did not get reduced as quickly as we anticipated. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well the biggest issue for the SYSTEM 1E is what I'll call aborts and possibly nuisance aborts. That is we have put in -- we recognize that there are water issues in the SYSTEM 1E that we want to monitor for. For example, the temperature of the incoming water because the temperature during the process is an important part of the process. So if we get too much cold water coming into the system the system will recognize it will take it too long to get to temperature and as a result will abort. So what we have done -- so that is an example of the kind of thing. The other is it relates to the incoming water quality. It's how much UV light intensity that we receive from the UV lamp, which is pre-treating the water going into the device for rinsing purposes. And if we see that intensity falling or that the water doesn’t allow the transparency if you will of the UV light, we will alarm -- and in both these cases the alarm shut off and we have to have a technician come out. So those are the 2 a high level -- and by far and away the 2 most significant aborts that we are getting. So when they get that abort the technician has to come out, look for the cause of the abort, solve the cause of the abort and then put them back up and running. Those are the most significant frequency issues. And again, the 2 solutions to that are either fronting the SYSTEM 1E with something that improves that incoming water a la a water heater. A la, a, if you have very hard water, a water softener. Those are the typical type solutions. As well as we have worked on our aborts, and this is what I'm talking about the field correction we have coming up, we have worked on our aborts such that for example instead of timing out the water temperature abort in 3 or 4 minutes, it's 8 or 9 minutes or maybe even 10 minutes, which the customers are seeming to prefer over getting an abort. So the water just runs if you will. Just like if you're going to take a shower, you have to let the water run until it gets to temperature, as an example. So those are the kind of things that are in that special 510K that we mentioned and those are all software upgrades. 
Walter Rosebrough: I don't know that we've seen an overall change in the market per say. We were just looking -- we're now down to the last quarter, we're looking at the order inputs. Orders and timing of orders. And what we have in backlog and what we will ship for the balance of the year. And we believe that is what our shipments will be. In terms of kind of the market in general, I would say when we talk to our salespeople the, what I'll call the relatively routine orders for capital are going through at the pace that they would have expected and we would have expected. We are seeing a slowdown in some of the large capital orders, large project orders. Again, at this point we see that as temporal. That is not -- they're just getting the jobs done. Their projects are a little bit behind. That kind of thing. Not a slowdown -- we're not seeing capital projects disappearing. We're not seeing capital projects cancelling. It's just the timing of those capital projects. So that's how we characterize the difference. 
Walter Rosebrough: There are a few projects, but the preponderance of the change is replacement. And as you know, they really slowed down a few years back and stayed slow for a pretty good lick. So it's not surprising to see some return of that business. 
Walter Rosebrough: Chris, it's pretty much the same answer as Life Sciences. As you know, Isomedix had been holding up stronger than we anticipated early in the year. The growth was a little less in the fourth quarter but it was again largely around year-end and it appears to us to have been timing and not a temporal change. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, Chris. On that, in candor I'm not 100% sure the answer to that question. But timing wise, the special 510K we expect typically that’s in kind of a 30 to 45-day timeframe and we're in that timeframe. So we don't see the BI being held up for the other 510K. 
Walter Rosebrough: We're not aware of any questions outstanding. As far as we know it's internal to the agency processing. 
Walter Rosebrough: But Bob, I would say as a general statement, we still have inventory to work down. We still have SYSTEM 1E inventory to work down. The transition that we did in Europe where we moved factories, we built inventory in anticipation of that and we still have some of that to work down. So I still see orders of magnitude $15 million, $20 million of inventory that we will continue to work down. So independent of the net income level starts this conversation but I would continue to see inventories work down and I think we have further improvement in our turns. We continue to improve our factories. We're improving response time. The second piece of that is to improve the turns in those factories. So on the inventory side clearly we see ongoing improvement as a percentage of the business. When you look at the receivables picture, our receivables are pretty good actually in the mid-60s with the 1E rebate issue. And the low 60s without it, which puts us well in the range of our compatriots in this business. And so we have pretty good receivables. We continue to work down those receivables. And so we will be working that down. We clearly are having some pressure in Europe on receivables, but that's an area where we clearly will keep focus on that and try to keep our receivables turns looking positive. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. It varies by their individual water issue. So they have -- if they have cold water problems, they will get that abort. If they have others -- we do have customers that are not seeing any significant level of aborts. So it does vary around the map. But it is significant and we're again, that's why we are spending so much money to work it down. At this point, and our returns in this product line are exceedingly low, which are typical of our returns in general. Certainly under 1% and the last document that I saw in terms of units lost or those kind of things is 10 or 15 or 20 kind of numbers, not 300 or 500 or 1,000 kind of numbers. So small numbers. This is a very attractive product for customers. But obviously nuisance aborts don't make them happy. That's why we're putting so much field service time and effort and money into it: a, to get them back up quickly; and then, b, to work to resolve the issues. 
Walter Rosebrough: The only place that I'm aware -- generally, no, is the start answer. The only place I'm aware of where the answer might be yes is again just like if you're going to take a shower if they are waiting longer for the water to hit temperature for the first cycle typically of the day, then that may. But that's the question of the water's not warm enough when it's coming in, do you want to abort? Or do you want to let it run for 2 more minutes and warm up. But other than that run time, I'm not aware of any -- it might be 2 seconds or something. I'm not aware of any significant change of cycle time other than again, the front end if you have cold water. 
Walter Rosebrough: Again, I'm sure we’ll talk more about that in May, but as a general statement what we said is the market and our revenue growth in that market for our internal only is in the low to mid single-digits that we should be returning -- improving profitability within that and so our profitability be in the high single-digits to low double-digits. And clearly to capture some of that growth we would expect some of it to be through business development. But orders of magnitude, that's the numbers we're thinking of. 
Walter Rosebrough: We've talked about ranges of margins in this business and in that 15% to 20% range are reasonable margin levels. And clearly we're having some things that are depressing our margins right now and we would expect to grow those back. 
Walter Rosebrough: We look at the various ways to use our capital and clearly in rank order we have thought through those components. And the first is to invest in the business and to continue to grow the business that we currently have. Secondly, we don't intend to be cutting dividends and in general we would expect to see dividends rise over time. Thirdly, is for business development opportunities that are tangential to our business so we can place money in businesses where we can gain synergies, either revenue or cost synergies by having them tangential to the businesses we have. And last is obviously share buybacks. And the method or approach to share buybacks we just don't discuss that. 
Julie Winter: Thank you, Walt and Mike, for your comments. We're now ready to begin the Q&A session. So, Wendy, would you please give the instructions and we'll get started. 
Julie Winter: And just one point of clarification, Bob, we will accept certificates of transition ongoing. We didn't have to have them in by February 2. So we can get them today, next week, a month from now and effectively turn people back on for support of SYSTEM 1. Just for clarification. 
Julie Winter: There's a couple of steps here, Jason. So excluding SYSTEM 1E our growth would have been about 6% in Healthcare capital equipment. Excluding Sercon, we'd be 2% to 3%. 
Julie Winter: Thanks, Wendy. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
Michael Tokich: Yes. Those are -- we'll a couple million dollar savings as we go into next fiscal year associated with both of transitions, both Erie consolidation project and then also the move from Erie, Pennsylvania to Mentor, Ohio, we'll see some cost savings there. But we're talking about $3 million to $5 million in total. And then the other piece, Walt, if you want to address the product reliability. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, Jason. Raw material cost for our third quarter were basically flat. For the year-to-date we are about a negative -- just over $4 million for the year-to-date through December. And we're expecting a slight -- sorry the increase in costs for the fourth quarter but nothing too material is the outlook that we're assuming. 
Michael Tokich: I would caution you, Mitra, not to just back out and assume that $24 million goes completely away because about half of that is being absorbed through bonus because we are not -- we are assuming zero bonus payouts this year. So that's about $12 million. So the next is about $12 million in total that is impacting. As Walt said, we probably will experience some of the SYSTEM 1E warranty costs next year also. I just want to caution you there. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, Chris. I would say that the biggest differential that we saw in the third quarter regards to the Life Sciences consumables, yes, they did not grow as quickly as we had seen in the past. But I would attribute that more to timing or as you mentioned a lag. It so happened just the end of the quarter happened to fall with holidays and everything else. So we just did not see the shipments at that point in time. But I would attribute more of that to timing. I would not attribute it to anything differential in the marketplace. 
Michael Tokich: I would say, Bob, we have given guidance of $110 million excluding the impact of the SYSTEM 1 and class action settlements. So we have gone and improved our free cash flow. The big change to that in this quarter, which got us to $58 million for the year-to-date period is we did do a better job of taking down inventory much faster than we had anticipated on our last call. We've got about $26 million of SYSTEM 1E inventory remaining on the balance sheet. Obviously our DSOs did increase but as I tried to explain in my comments that is really exaggerated because of the credits yet to be issued associated with the SYSTEM 1 Rebate Program. Again going out looking at 2013 until we give 2013 we're not going to comment at that point in time. But we feel comfortable in the $110 million range for this fiscal year. 
