Julie Winter: Thank you, Jane, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you to STERIS' fiscal 2015 second quarter conference call. Thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. As usual, participating in the call are Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO; and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Now just a few words of caution before we begin; this webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. I would also like to remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements relating to the Company, its performance or its industry that are intended to qualify for protection under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. No assurance can be given as to any future financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company does not undertake to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even if events make it clear that any projected results, expressed or implied, in this or other Company’s statements will not be realized. Investors are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in today's earnings release. As a reminder, during the call we may refer to non-GAAP measures including adjusted earnings, free cash flow, backlog, debt-to-capital and day sales outstanding, all of which are defined and reconciled as appropriate to reported results in today's press release or our most recent 10-K filings, both of which can be found on our website at steris-ir.com. One last reminder before we get started because of our pending offer for synergies STERIS’ found by the UK takeover code which places instructions on what maybe said by STERIS in the presentation. In particular, only information and opinions which are already in the public domains maybe discussed. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter: Thank you Wal and Mike for your comments. We are now ready to begin the Q&A session. Jane would you please give the instructions and we will began.
Julie Winter: We did last quarter Larry, you’re right. This is Julie. Last quarter, it was a bit of drain, this quarter was actually neutral.Lawrence S. Keusch – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Julie Winter: Good morning Jason.Jason A. Rodgers – Great Lakes Review: Looking at the company now, it will have a larger percentage of revenue derived overseas with the Synergy acquisition. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you are seeing as far as the level of spending for the hospitals overseas as well as potential synergies from the combined company STERIS and as far as the synergies you are seeing overseas, you mentioned some domestically, but just looking for overseas revenue Synergy potential as well.
Julie Winter: This concludes the second quarter conference call. Thanks everybody for joining us and your interest in STERIS.
Michael J. Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure to be with you this morning to review our second quarter financial results. Following my remarks, Walt will provide his commentary on our first half performance and discuss our outlook for the full fiscal year. As usual, our comments this morning will focus on adjusted results, please see the reconciliation table contained within our press release for additional details. We are pleased to report a strong second quarter with total revenue growth of 21%, driven by 6% increase in organic volume a 14% increase from the IMS and Eschmann acquisitions and 1% positive pricing impact. Foreign currency was neutral to revenue during the quarter, gross margin as a percent of revenue for the quarter increased 160 basis points to 14.1% gross margin was positively impacted by favorable product mix pricing, productivity and foreign currency somewhat offset by higher material costs and inflation. The EBIT margin expanded 60 basis points to 14.9% of revenue, the improvement in the EBIT margin was driven higher organic volumes improved gross margins and slightly lower R&D expenses, somewhat offset by higher incentive compensation expenses as compared with the prior year. In total, the second quarter, year-over-year impact of the higher incentive compensation expenses was just over $5 million which has allocated to each of the three segments as we normally do. The impact on segment operating margins in the quarter is somewhat muted, by positive items within the healthcare segment, but it is not offset within the Isomedix or Life Sciences segment. The effective tax rate of the quarter was 36.7% compared with 35.2% last year, during the quarter we had unfavorable discreet items, impact our effective tax rate. We continue to anticipate a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 35% which does include the assumed renewal of tax extenders. If the tax extenders are not approved, it could negatively impact our adjusted earnings per diluted share outlook for the full fiscal year by approximately $0.03. Even with a higher tax rate net income increased 24% to $40.6 million or $0.68 per diluted share compared with $32.6 million or $0.55 per diluted share last year. Moving on to our segment results Healthcare had a very good quarter growing 27% in total of which 8% was organic. Healthcare service revenue grew 64% driven by acquisitions and 10% organic growth. Consumable revenue increased 13% all of which was organic; lastly capital equipment revenue grew 9% of which 4% was organic with growth coming from both our infection prevention and surgical businesses. Healthcare backlog at the end of the quarter was $117 million a reduction of about 12%, despite our current level of backlog in Healthcare our outlook is bolstered by a strong pipeline for capital equipment. In addition we have been successful in reducing our manufacturing lead times, which allows us to fulfill orders on a timelier basis. Healthcare operating margins increased 200 basis points to 12.9% of revenue, the increase in operating income year-over-year was driven by volume, product mix, pricing and productivity offset by higher material costs. Life Sciences revenue grew 1% in the second quarter. We did experienced continued strength in our consumable franchise with revenue growth of 14%. Service revenue grew 4%, while capital equipment revenue declined 15% during the quarter. We continue to anticipate that it will be a challenging year for capital equipment sales within Life Sciences. Our full-year outlook for Life Sciences capital equipment revenue in a mid single-digit decline due to reduction of orders by both pharma and research customers. Backlog in Life Sciences end of the quarter at $46 million, and is in line with historic levels. Life Science’s second quarter operating margin of 22.4% of revenue is down slightly from the prior year, mainly driven by higher incentive compensation costs. Isomedix had another solid quarter with 9% revenue growth driven by increased demand from our core medical device customers. Isomedix operating margin was 28% of revenue a decrease of 160 basis points as compared to the prior year caused by higher quality and regulatory expenses and an increase in incentive compensation cost. In terms of the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a $147.4 million of cash and $620 million of long-term debt. Our DSO is at 60-days, a one-day improvement as compared to the prior year. Our free cash flow for the first half of the fiscal year was $69.2 million an increase of $36.2 million compared with the prior year driven by working capital improvements and lower capital expenditures. Capital spending was $13.2 million in the quarter, while depreciation and amortization was $27.4 million. With that I will now turn the call back over to Walt for his remarks. Walt.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes Larry, this is Mike. I would say in Life Sciences we've already talked about the challenges that we've had and we've been down I think 17% in total for capital equipment. We do not anticipate being down 17% for the full year, we are anticipating that to be mid single-digit decline for the full year, so we are going to get some rebounding on the capital equipment within Life Sciences. So that is one area that again we will see a little bit of reversal and then Isomedix obviously Isomedix is doing very well, they are grown 8% for the year and most of the time the back half of the year is a little bit of a bigger struggle for them just from a comparability standpoint, but obviously we still believe that there is mid single-digit growth in that business.Lawrence S. Keusch – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, perfect. And then Walt, I guess I just wanted to ask you and come back on two questions regarding the synergy acquisition. I guess the first one is could you talk a little bit about the outsourcing opportunities in the U.S. hospitals segment for sterilization and I guess what makes you think this is obviously native today, but what makes you think that it’s a model of outsourcing these services can get bigger in the U.S. and then I have a follow-up.
Michael J. Tokich: All this technical detail its hard to know the exact time, but we are still thinking days and weeks, not weeks and months.Erin Wilson – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great, thanks so much.
Walter M. Rosebrough: First of all Dr. Steve did his normal good job in his conference call and discuss things and I’m just going to leave comments about their business with his comments which are public of course and he did comment that they are pursuing other sources of cobalt. We have not had any significant change in our relationship or orders mainly on at this point in time.Matthew Ian Mishan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right. Thank you very much.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes, first of all on Life Science, the mix is very positive right now, because consumables continue to grow and that’s a very attractive business in Life Science, but on the capital side your question is absolutely correct. And as you know the pharmaceutical industry has consolidated and continues to consolidate. When they do that even though they may run more product, they don’t necessarily need more equipment to run that more product. And so I think that’s largely speaking what’s been going on now for several years in the Life Science system. So I think as the pharmaceutical guys finish that convergence if you will, you will see more demand. We are also seeing as is not surprising, we are seeing our service business staying strong because the long you keep old capital the more service it requires. So there is a little bit of a trade-off there between how much service you do and how much capital you buy. And I would clearly seeing that trade, but we do have some products underdevelopment in that space and as we release those we do expect to see increase demand, but I wouldn’t characterize it as anything out of the ordinary if you will, that because it’s more of a market issue. And we have seen on the research side which is the other place where we saw capital in the Life Science business. On the research side we did some – I'll call it some signs of life and we are seeing some signs of life, but its not become any significant pattern and so that market has been down significantly for four, five years now.David L. Turkaly – JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Walter M. Rosebrough: You know Larry, I would say a couple of things, as you know we do some outsourcing work already in our IMS business and we are clearly and we've been passing that business along if you will, because often when hospitals are looking to outsourcing, they look to STERIS and we are one of their if not biggest suppliers in that space. Now I am talking about outsourcing of CSDs not outsourcing in general, but when you are looking at central sterile departments. We are one of the biggest players in this space and often one of the biggest suppliers in the space we do a lot of work with them already to help them design their centers when they’re putting them together. And so we’re in a consultant to the mode with them as it is. And they have often asked us to consider taking on some outsourcing. And we basically have been passing that business to IMS for the last five, six, seven maybe longer years and so IMS is in that business. Synergy in my view adds the I’ll call it the final step in the outsourcing that is doing the outsourcing offsite as opposed to the type of consulting we do. And then they do a broad as well. So to me it’s a product extension as well as growth in the outsourcing opportunity. I do think that we are hearing more and more from hospital customers that this is something they are interest in. And something that they would be considering doing and as they group up regionally it also adds some impetus to that thinking. And as we’ve talked before it’s not clear that I mean I don’t believe 100% hospitals will outsource their CSDs. But it doesn’t take very many to be a pretty significant business and that’s what we view the future being.Lawrence S. Keusch – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay terrific. And then just as an extension to that maybe just help us think about and broad brush strokes to extend that you can the economics for a hospital with having the central sterilization in-house versus outsource.
Walter M. Rosebrough: It is mixed and it depends on the country, the UK is really where this phenomena got legs. There’s been outsourcing in the U.S., there’s been outsourcing in different parts of Europe, but where really got legs in grew was in the UK and synergy is really one of the driving forces, one of the reasons that occurred in my opinion. And so there is opportunity, but generally speaking I think we’ve seen more activity in the southern countries in Europe then we have in the other Northern countries in Europe as a general statement. But if you look at in terms of the amount that’s placed that’s definitely the case, so but there is potential upside in that over the longer-term.Jason A. Rodgers – Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Walter M. Rosebrough: IMS had a nice business and they were planning to grow double-digits and I think they would have grown those kinds of numbers on their own. And we have clearly seen an ability to as I commented earlier the cost synergies are coming at least as quickly as we expected and really probably more quickly than we expected and we are seeing signs of revenue synergies that are more favorable than we expected.Mitra Ramgopal – Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, thanks and also just in terms of use of cash I know you’ve always generated tremendous free cash flow in the past and have allocated it in terms of share buybacks increasing the dividend et cetera. But given the recent acquisitions and increased leverage on the balance sheet is the use now going to be towards maybe reducing debt asset acquisitions or you still looking to occasionally repurchase shares and also increased the dividend.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes, again we’ve been I think consistent for 6.5 or 7-years on our allocation of cash and that allocation is in rank order we don’t expect to cut our dividends, and we generally expect to grow them. Secondly, we’ll invest in the organic growth of the businesses we already have. Thirdly, we’ll look for acquisition opportunity in adjacent markets, and fourthly look at doing share buybacks if the first three opportunities don’t use the full cash that we have on hand and need to have for future of the first three. The one thing we did change when we announced this acquisition is because our leverage ratio is running up will be we think around 2.8, 2.9 leverage ratio. We do see reduction of that leverage as a lever that’s a head of share buybacks in general. So we would expect to be deleveraging before we did any buybacks, but I would still put the first three in the appropriate order. And you have to look that in the long-term, on long-term basis.Mitra Ramgopal – Sidoti & Company, LLC: Absolutely. Thanks again for taking the questions.
