Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Austin, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, as usual, we have Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO; and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. And I do have just a few words of caution before we open for comments from senior management. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those risk factors described in STERIS's securities filings. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS's SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth, and free cash flow will be used. Additional information regarding these measures, including definitions, is available in today's release, including reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Mike and Walt for your comments. Austin, would you please give the instructions and we'll get started.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Austin. Thank all of you who did join us for participating. I know it's a busy day with a lot of earnings calls and we do appreciate your time. Happy to take any follow-up calls you got today and look forward to seeing many of you at the Stephens Conference tomorrow.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: There hasn't been a great deal of change yet. There have been some changes and some forecast. Obviously, the ASP business of J&J being acquired or we believe being acquired sometime late this year or early next year by Fortive, but again, Fortive has yet to take that business into their management hands. So I don't think we've seen overly significant competitive change there. I can't think of anything else that is a truly significant change in competitive situation or behavior.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah, I mean I would characterize most of our work as being steady as she goes. Having said that, we – kind of there are two operational levers that we naturally work on. One is just general improvement through lean and the other is insourcing components, which is partially a function of lean. As we get – as we free up capacity in our plants, we can then insource more of our production. Both of those are running. We have accelerated them a little bit. But in truth, we would have accelerated them just as much. So, the – our improvement there is allowing us to cover the headwinds we have in currency. But I wouldn't say that it happened as a result of the currency headwinds.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah, Good morning, Matt. Well I'll reverse the order of the questions, I guess. First of all, yes, we do have – and I'm not sure quoting is exactly the right term, but we do have activity going on in terms of conversations with different entities about ORC potentials. And there's a wide range of those from, I'll call it, relatively smaller peak capacity kind of things where they're at capacity and don't have an ability to add in the short to intermediate term. And so, we have a number of those kind of projects out there as well as the more extensive ones where we would be taking over either in their facility or outside their facility or a combination of the two to run the entire process. So, there are a number of those out there. I wouldn't say the activity has picked up, but it hasn't slowed down. So, we continue to see activity. In terms of the individual ORCs, we continue to feel the same as we have felt historically. We still feel that that piece of business that we know about and is coming will generate something on the order of $50 million revenue out in the out years. Of course, as you come in closer to it, as projects get started, some of them start a little later, some of them start a little earlier, how that evens out, we don't have a strong opinion on. But plus or minus we feel that we're in the same ballpark as we suggested earlier in the year.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah. I would not expect that we would do that. We'll just give forecasts of revenue. There are a number of contracts both in place and moving forward, and some of them as I said, are these smaller kinds of contracts which we really haven't spent a lot of time talking about because most people have been focused on the several larger ones. But it gets harder and harder to put that together in a way that makes sense; and as we get started and they're moving forward, I don't think we'll be doing that. We will obviously talk about what our overall feeling is about growth rates in that space, meaning the ORC space, versus the instrument space because those are two kind of different pieces of the business. But I don't think we'll be – first of all, we don't typically want to give individual customer information out, both for their and our reasons; and secondly, in general, it's going to get messier and messier to do that.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: You are correct, Matt, that both – part of our general strategy was to do more instrument repair in Europe and more ORC in America. And both of those are in relatively infant phases, but both of them have traction. So – and again, I don't think we'll be getting into details on that on either side of the ocean really. But in general, we are beginning to see that. The second question is related to Brexit. Really our – I don't think that there's pressure per se as a result of Brexit. We are concerned about the movement of people because obviously there are a number of – a significant number of Europeans in the UK. Our assumption is that both the Europeans and the people in the UK will want to allow that to continue, and I think most parties believe that will continue, but that would be a concern to us going forward if that becomes problematic. And then, really the only other pressure is the – we have had some cost pressure in that the NHS raised the cost of labor this past year. And I don't remember the exact numbers, but it was well above inflationary rates, instead of 2% or 3%, maybe 5% or 6% percent, something like that. And since that's a – labor's a significant opponent, we are having to offset that with improvements in productivity.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah. I've been saying for some time now that hospital capital spending continues to be stable to positive, which in some sense is a little surprising in that there's been a fair amount of uncertainty the last several years what's going on in healthcare reimbursement and all the issues with Obamacare and all those things that are going on. But I think hospitals, when I talk to hospital executives, they are pretty much resigned to the fact that uncertainty is their future. And so I think uncertainty is now less of a concern than it has been in the past. The second issue I would say is we know in the 2008-2009 time period there was a significant drop in healthcare capital spending. And then there was also a ton of money spent on information systems because the government gave a pretty significant incentive to spend money on information systems and get those systems up. As a result, there probably was a bit of crowding out of other capital spending. So I do think some of this is a gradual – whatever you want to call it, latent demand issue. So that's I think kind of the nature of things as we speak today. As we look out, we look out at projects 18 to 24 months that you recall that about two-thirds of our business is roughly – two-thirds is I'll call it, routine replacement of capital spending where you just – something gets too old or wears out, they need a new one. And then about a third of our business is where they're managing a large project, either building a new hospital, which is relatively rare, or where they are revamping or remodeling a tower that may include several ORs and the central sterile department. Those projects, we see 18 to 24 months out and the others, we see more near-term, 6 to 12 months out. And both of those pipelines still appear to be quite strong in our view. So, we see them steady to increasing at this point in time. So, we're feeling quite good about capital spending. The other thing I should mention and this is included in that numbers I've just shared – that description I'd given, is both hospitals and non-hospital entities are building more and more ambulatory surgery centers or things that look like that, micro hospitals or ambulatory surgery centers. And those all require both operating room type equipment, as well as the central sterile type equipment. So, both of those we see as positive for our piece of capital spending. So, when you put that all together, we're feeling pretty good right now.
