Walt Rosebrough: Well, Dan, I think the main questions were around what devices they will be using or be processing in SYSTEM 1E versus SYSTEM 1 and as you know the product is clear for heat sensitive devices and so they are looking to determine which of those devices that they maybe currently using SYSTEM 1 fit that category. I would say that's probably the number one generalized question. But then naturally they are wanting to understand what the cost of the new unit is to them going forward and of course as you know, the rebate program is a function of the life of their existing units. So they're looking for that information and of course we're providing. I would say those are two most typical questions from our customers.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, I would say it's way too early to tell. We do have good indications. We have a few orders, a handful of orders and we have the SYTEM 1E and we have a number of proposals in quotes out there where customers request for quote I'll call it. But it's way too early to tell how that's going to break out.
Walt Rosebrough: Absolutely. The bulk of the cost differentiation is the filtering in UV light that added to the product.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, I would say it would have been flat to slightly positive and in general I would have said, if you go even further down, as I've talked about many times with you all that we generally are looking for kind of high single digit, low double digit growth in EBIT through a combination of growth and revenue and margins and I believe we would have been on track for that kind of growth, were it not from the SYSTEM 1E margin net decline.
Walt Rosebrough: We're not giving 2012 guidance but I would say that the startup cost portion of that will largely be passed in 2011 but there is still a mix issue we're a long way from doing a forecast on that mix at this point in time. There still could be mix issues between the products. But in terms of the startup costs, I would expect that most of that would be behind us.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, and the bulk of that, and I'll let Mike chime in behind me but the bulk of that is the increased capital expenditures. First of all, we had an extraordinarily positive year this year. Literally everything that makes up free cash flow went the right direction for us. So our receivables were down in days, our inventory was down – up in turns, down in dollars and of course we had good net income and relatively capital expenditures under our depreciation and amortization. Next year we have several discreet items in capital spending and we've announced most if not all of those. Certainly two of them we've made announcements on. One is the center here in Mentor where we're spending about $11 million and the other is our European expansion and consolidation. And so those are two of the four kinds of discreet increases to capital spending and those are all profit improving expansions. The balance is fairly routine expenditure and we do have, for each one of our large expenditures is in our Isomedix business where we're buying cobalt and that fluctuates a bit based on the cobalt replacement cycle. But that's the principal reason for the difference in free cash flow.
Walt Rosebrough: Sure. We have worked very hard over the last 24 months, in particular this year to have our shipments mirror our customers demand as opposed to sometimes mirroring our quarters or our annual fiscal cycles. And so this isn't a matter of us moving out. Customer based seasonality exist. It's a matter of us smoothing out seasonality that we create due to our quarters and our years and so in essence, we are working very hard to run our factories, for lack of a better term, I'll call it flat fashion or relatively smoothly and have the differences in our product rates reflect customer demand issues and not our own issues.
Walt Rosebrough: It's just timing of sales. If you over the long term, the sales will be the same. It just affects the timing of capital sales.
Walt Rosebrough: Actually, from our standpoint, it was actually a negative benefit because we saw in our third quarter, some timing of purchases where they purchased a larger volume in the third quarter as compared to what they would normally purchase in the fourth quarter.
Walt Rosebrough: We're anticipating if you include the transition from SYSTEM 1 to 1E, that we will see positive increases in capital consumables and service. So all of components will show growth year-over-year.
Walt Rosebrough: I think as a general statement, we'd say we're continuing to look for efficiencies both in the gross margin line and in the operating expense lines. But one of the things that we also look at is how we trade that off in price to our customers. So I don't see a radical change in that theory. That is, we will continue to be looking to get more and more efficient. But a piece of that efficiency, we will clearly pass off to our customers in less aggressive pricing if you will. And a piece of that we would intend to take into the profitability of the corporation.
Walt Rosebrough: I would not say that those numbers are out of the question. The numbers in the mid teens are respectable numbers if we see volume growth.
Walt Rosebrough: I don't think our customers care about our backlog. They just care whom we can deliver. And so it is true. One of the things that we do when we do that is by definition, we work to be even more reliability in our delivery metrics. So that does. But backlog is literally just a function of how much orders we have and how much we shift. I do think you'll see, in some respects you may see even more variation in the backlog because it will be customer demand issue. The customer, if they're building a new operating room and they're building it six months from now and they want to get their equipment all figured out and purchased, it doesn't make a difference to them what our backlog is. They want the stuff six months from now, not today. And they may place the order today. And so backlog really is largely a function of when the customers want the equipment versus when they want to place the order and so I don't think we'll see a meaningful change in backlog as a result of this work.
Walt Rosebrough: Sure and we've talked about that. We see no difference. We do like cash and we think it's a great measure of the business. But I'm talking about creation cash flow creation. In terms of use of cash, our first use is always going to be to invest it internally to improve the business and we will do that judiciously but as we see fit to improve the business. The second use is clearly to look for ways to grow the business, either by internal means or external means and the third and fourth are different ways to return that cash to shareholders, either dividends or through stock buybacks and we try to balance those based on the situations at hand we will continue to do it that way.
Walt Rosebrough: Again, we really are not giving 2012 and beyond guidance. But I'll just say the general statement. First of all on the OpEx side, we're clearly looking for ways to leverage OpEx. You can't keep OpEx going down forever and you can't keep it flat forever. But relative to the revenue generation, generally speaking we're going to see OpEx grow more slowly than revenue. There are some exceptions. Some of our OpEx components are almost a function. They're for example. They are variable, for example the commission rates for sales people, the charges for group purchase fees. So, though we do have some variable components but generally speaking they are not variable. We have generally speaking were to limit the OpEx outside of areas like R&D sales service folks in the field and in our quality and regulatory area, those areas we have invested money the past couple of years when we expected to invest in those areas, but generally speaking other areas we expect them to remain constant or fall if we can. I think that's a general comment about OpEx. In terms of the margins we will see these two years, 2011 and 2012. It will be mix issues between the SYSTEM 1E and other products in the company. So, there will be mix issues going on and then in 2011 we have the start-up cost issues, I would expect the start-up cost issues to be largely behind us in 2012. It is way too early for us to forecast 2012 mix issues in those products. And then I would say by 2013 that should all pretty much be dissipated.
Walt Rosebrough: The service margins in general don't change but again we are being on the system or rather SYSTEM 1E, we are just as we did in SYSTEM 1 sales we are clearly giving our customers a good deal as we entered this business.
Walt Rosebrough: First of all that 50% would include SYSTEM 1E not the exclusive of SYSTEM 1E. So, we are – when I tell alternative technologies, I mean alternative technologies including SYSTEM 1E. So, that's a good point of clarification because I am not sure I made that clear. The second, in general as we said we are thinking about 4000 to 6000 units in the fiscal year production. You mentioned there is about 20,000 in total and of course we do have ramp up period during this fiscal year. So, that is kind of the logic to it. Now it's worth mentioning, we have said before that roughly 15% to 20% Sterilant sales are down roughly15% to 20% as of the end of March. And so, the 15% to 20% of Sterilant sales that has already converted to something, some of it may convert back but again that is 15% to 20% in some senses already gone and then the balance. It is obvious that like most things this fits a bit Pareto like small number of the units or a large amount of the Sterilants. So, it is not and we will see customers as they move some of their or as they move their non-heat sensitive devices to other technologies generally speaking. As they move those away they won't need as many SYSTEM 1s to do the work because they will only be doing work on the heat sensitive devices. So, it's a combination of those three factors that come together and that's just our best view of how far along they will be in the transition to both SYSTEM 1E and/or other technologies we sell and/or other technologies that others sell.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes in fact it's about 20% faster; it's one of nice features of the device. Couple of other very nice features is there is less affluent or more environmentally friendly I will call it affluent but turnaround time is clearly one of the nice features of this device. It is already a very fast device, the SYSTEM 1, this one is even faster.
Walt Rosebrough: That's not clear yet and it depends on how they convert, there is a complete opposite side of the story that I just told you. There are some customers that are very, very dependent on this device that use relatively small amount of Sterilant but they are just small customers and so this device is very important to them. So, I think we will still see a distribution not unlike the distribution we have seen before and the question on what the – I will it what the Sterilant per unit will eventually look like, is a combination of the two factors. One hospitals have and other users have; they might have a number of these units and they are 15 to 18 years old. They may say, let's we are going to move this set of goods out to out to steam sterilization, and as a result we will need a little less and we can file these units and use them more practically. So, they may purchase less units and then do more clicks per unit if you will. And then that will be somewhat offset by the fact that some of the devices that are currently been done in SYSTEM 1 will be done in steam. And how that all works out, we are not 100% sure, we don't see it being radically different. It's not like we don't expect that 50% drop or increase in Sterilant per unit out there.
Walt Rosebrough: Sure, it's purely a volume issue. It is a startup in volume issue purely. In terms of – so that's why I said as you go out in time as the volumes of S40 cross into the relative order of magnitude volume levels S20. We don't expect it to be any cost differential. So, overtime we don't see that being an issue but in the short-run we are making two skews instead of one and so there is always a little cost of complexity and it's just purely the volumes and the way we set-up the lines to run those. We have a very efficient high volume line for S20. We will be starting with low volume lines in the beginning and then those will cross over and then we would expect to see very similar margins.
Walt Rosebrough: We don't give product specific margins but I think what the statement I made earlier about what our kind of gross margins would have been and what our EBIT would have been. I think we will stick that, I would make one comment and it may help clarify some extent on the metric. We do think the SYSTEM 1E is the best single one to one replacement for this device. And there is no device on the market in our view including anything else we sell. That is a straight one to one placement for SYSTEM 1 and system something else. But SYSTEM 1E we think is the closest thing to a straight one to one replacement and we believe that our customers will see that and we think it is very capital cost effective approach. So, we are expecting significant one to one conversion and the 1E is the highest total rebate in the equation. So, that does set some of that $100 million.Heidi Lawrence – George Weiss Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Walt Rosebrough: Exactly and Josh I would say let me re-characterize. When we talked about the SYSTEM 1 reduction being 50% greater, we are talking about the S20 Sterilant on its own. Not anything else and then we would expect the S1E capital and in the Sterilant that it will go along with, the S40 Sterilant that will go along with that to make up some portion of that and so that is – I will call that a gross number for a lack of better term as we close to a net number. And you are absolutely correct we do expect there to be significant number of customers that convert to S1E. It's our expectation that we will be capacity constrained certainly through fiscal '11. So, we think those customer conversions, our best estimate now is that those customer conversions will be capacity constraint and not order constraint.
Walt Rosebrough: That depends on their specific situation, but it is a general statement that's not the case. Generally they have things; it's a capital equipment; they have to plumb it. They have to get their system set for capital equipment. So, it varies, so some customers would want it yesterday and some would want it in three months of six months or nine months.
Walt Rosebrough: Or that historically, we would work hard to ship everything we had at the end of quarters or end of years and we are not working so hard. That is if the customer didn't care, if the customer didn't care within a two or three week window, that we may have worked harder to get things shipped one day earlier if you will if they were indifferent. Now we are working to meet our customer demand and then to keep our volume as steady as we possibly can and still meet that customer demand. That's it in a nutshell.
Walt Rosebrough: I have no idea what that number would be, but, you are correct to assume that it would have been more and it wouldn't be – I basically I try to look at what the order rates, what the shipments are and overtime you would expect those to be the same or roughly the same and in fact overtime they will be the same. Our backlog grew about 7% year-over-year. So, I would not expect if all of that would have been shipped. I don't know the details enough around the numbers to know but clearly we are working to level our factories and meet customer demand.
Mike Tokich: Okay, Bob, if I could just add one thing there, we are definitely planning on continuing to improve our working capital management but the year-over-year improvement will just not be as dramatic as Walt has already alluded to. So we will have a little bit of a decrease from a free cash flow standpoint. But all our working capital measurements are planning to improve year-over-year.
Mike Tokich: Yes Jason. For FX impacts for the years, we were just slightly favorable from a revenue standpoint less than $1 million and on the EBIT standpoint we were unfavorable by approximately $2 million.Jason Rodgers – Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Mike Tokich: Josh, as Walt mentioned earlier the distribution of our earnings will be 4% – 50% in first half remaining and the second half. So basically almost following where we were for fiscal ‘10 is our best estimate at this point in time.
Mike Tokich: Correct. If they transition quicker, the gross margins will take a hit quicker if they transition longer in the year it will end up in the third or fourth quarter.
Joshua Zable – Natixis: Okay, great. And then just looking out at the guidance here, specifically, the top line guidance, I'm just trying to go through and think about equipment versus consumables. You obviously get a boost, if you will, from those SYSTEM 1E sales depending on obviously how the warranties work out or the rebates et cetera. So, I'm just trying to think about to really think about that healthcare number going forward because that's obviously going to be the key driver of revenue. So, any color around consumables and equipment would be helpful. Thanks.
Joshua Zable – Natixis: Okay. And in conjunction with that, because I know you gave us SG&A. On the GM, is there going to be some sort of – obviously we understand the components, why it's taking a hit. But is there going to be a progression over the year? I'm just trying to think about – because I know you guys have done a really good job of flattening earnings, for lack of a better word over the year. I am just wondering if SG&A is flat and R&D is generally where it's going to be, if we have a big hit in the early part of the year, are we going to offset that with SG&A, or is the gross margin hit going to be pretty evenly distributed over the course of the year.
Joshua Zable – Natixis: Very, very helpful. And I just want to follow-up to Shawn's question. Walt, I know we really appreciate all the level of detail, here and I know it does get confusing. And so, I just want to push a little bit more. You talked about 50% basically loss of SYSTEM 1. That's SYSTEM 1 and then you said that excludes SYSTEM 1E. So, in other words, I think it's safe to assume that you're going to get at least one customer to do SYSTEM 1 to SYSTEM 1E, probably a lot more. So, you obviously believe that there's less than 50% loss on that SYSTEM 1 revenue stream, and again getting back to sort of the number of devices, is what you're trying to say is that even if you put the 6,000 maximum devices out and you obviously have 20,000 out there. The makeup there with the numbers would be higher utilization on lower devices. Is that what you're saying? Even if customers transition from SYSTEM 1 to steam, you still lose that on the SYSTEM 1 revenue side. So, I'm just trying to reconcile those numbers. Thanks.
