Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Dave. This is Mike. For the most part, we will be in the mid-single digits as we get all of our individual segments. And in regards to Life Sciences, yeah, we believe Life Sciences definitely will come back. They did have a soft quarter. But with the record backlog, we feel very comfortable that the capital equipment shipments will be there. As usual, AST is probably the leader of our organic constant currency growth, although they will be slightly impacted by the change of the Sterilmed contract now being accounted for in that business.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah. Dave, there are a few facilities that are yet to open later this year. Actually, I think there's like three or four off top of my head that are yet to open. As you recall, we have spent quite a bit of money over the last year and into this year to open or expand about six or seven new facilities. Bulk of those will be online by the end of this year with a couple coming into fiscal year 2018.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Larry. It's a good question. And what you want to look back is on our historical basis. Our fourth quarter net income is 40%-plus growth versus our first quarter. So that's really the main driver of the increase. And historically that's been the pattern that we've had. We started much lower than we would have ended. So you can't just take first quarter and multiply by four, you'll never get there.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah. I would say, one of the large drivers of that 410 basis point improvement to 42.3% gross margin were the divestitures. That represented about 300 basis point of that 410 basis point improvement. We did also get a bit of currency, and we did get a bit of price. And then we also did have some operational efficiencies, including – we are still anticipating about $10 million of cost synergies this year from the Synergy Health transaction, and we are on track for that. So we've got a couple-of-million-dollars of savings in this quarter also.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah. As I said earlier, we did get about 40 basis points of pricing, and that was basically a little bit here and a little bit there. It really wasn't any one segment driving the majority of that price. As we stated in April or May when we had our last call, we were assuming zero price in the forecast or the outlook for the year. We are still assuming no additional price in our current outlook.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, certainly. So if you look at FX, if you look at our forecasted rates, we are forecasting that all four of our major currencies, the Canadian dollar, the euro, the peso and the pound will strengthen compared to the U.S. dollar. And if you step back, we like a strong euro and a strong GBP because that's really where we have our revenue and our expenses associated with that revenue. So as we get more strength in those two currencies, obviously, we get a pickup in revenue and a slight pickup in profitability. At the same point in time, the peso and the Canadian dollars where we have our manufacturing facility, so that's really where we have our costs. So as those currencies strengthen, our cost increase. So we got a nice increase in potential revenue from the euro and the pound, but we get a potential decrease in profitability as the Canadian dollar and the peso all rise in it. Fortunately or unfortunately, all four are going in the same direction, which leads us to our analysis.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Chris. This is Mike. We did reaffirm the cash flow – free cash flow guidance that we gave last time. I think that was $280 million is our outlook. As far as backlog, we've actually – if you remember last year at this point in time, we did flip flop in Healthcare and we actually saw more project business, which caused our backlog to stay longer and our shipments to occur later in the year. This year, we're actually seeing the opposite. We're back more to our historic 70% project – or sorry 70% replacement and 30% project business. So it's actually flipped. And actually we saw that changing probably late in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. So that's where we are right now, Chris.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes, definitely, Larry. As we approach the 2 times leverage, we would definitely rethink our priorities, right? If you remember, we added debt repayment back when we acquired Synergy, when we hit 2.9 times leverage, and we wanted to make sure we focused on and signal to everybody that the repayment of debt was a priority for us. As we get lower and lower, we are internally looking at other alternatives and we would definitely have to change our mindset if we were to continue to include that or not as a priority.
Walter M. Rosebrough: 2019. And we do – that's a mixture of kind of significant expansion, and I call it generalized expansion. And we're just adding a chamber some place that's relatively inexpensive, relatively simple to do, but there are some of these that are pretty large expansion, and those take a little bit longer.
Walter M. Rosebrough: The second component there, Larry, as we've talked many times, we build – production and revenue grow over the course of the year, and so it's not uncommon for us to build inventory ahead of anticipated shipments. So we're not trying to have our plants run 30% faster at the end of the year as opposed to maybe 10% or 15% faster. And so, we do build some inventory over the course of the year anticipating the year-end growth. So I would say that's relatively minor compared to the point Mike made, but it is clearly a point.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Larry, I would comment. I mean, Mike has laid out the component, but those components are all go-forward-type components. So I do not see this being a one-time type of spike.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. Let me take the two questions, first on HSS and predominantly IMS in North America, as you know, they had significant objective this year to improve their profitability. Although we fully anticipated that would happen, and they have a good plan and a good approach. And the fourth quarter was the beginning of that. And so we were pleased – we are even more pleased that they continue to execute that plan. So they still have ways to go, and they're working down their plan. But at this moment, they are actually a bit ahead of their plan both in terms of revenue growth. We had a double-digit increase in revenue growth and that's not our current expectation. We've been saying that we think the long term might be a bit lower. And so they had a nice pop in revenue growth and then they've also converted that to profitability. So we're very pleased with that progress. They still have work to do. As it relates to the Life Sciences, I've been hesitant to call a new era in the capital business in Life Sciences for a long time because as you know, if you go way back 10 years ago, 12 years ago, that was a pretty robust business that kind of disappeared as big pharma consolidated and closed plants and did those things. So it was – we did a significant drop in revenue. We hit the bottom probably seven, eight years ago, and we've just been holding steady at those level, it bounces a little bit, but holding steady at those levels. But we are seeing both project orders – significant orders and pipeline of orders that does appear to be different. We mentioned that last time, it does appear to be different than that historic trend. So we hate to be projecting too far out in the future but for the next six, 12 months, I would say that we clearly are seeing strength in that business. That's partially – there's more orders in the business that we serve the biopharma and vaccine business, and those businesses are strong. And it seems like a lot of their consolidation may be over and they're now reinvesting in their plants more than they had in the last four, five years. But it's also the products that our guys have put in place. We have a number of new products in washing, in steam, and in hydrogen peroxide that have all done really – let's just say have been received nicely in the field. So those two things in concert, there's a bit of a drift up that we think in the market and a bit of a drift up because of our new products. Having said that, the business doesn't look exactly like our Healthcare business. There is less of what I'll call the routine business and it's more project-oriented. Even on an individual basis, some of these sterilizers, instead of being $30,000, they might be $0.5 million. Some of these sterilizers are of the size of rooms, not the size of an oven in your kitchen. And as a result, it does tend to be lumpier. Projects do have a habit of getting delayed by customers. So there is always more risk in any given quarter or even any given year. If the orders are sitting in the third and fourth quarter, they can move out. So there is more risk of that. It is exceedingly rare for them to disappear because these are typically specialized products, specialized orders. So they're on the line. Once the order is in the house, they're on the line to make good on the order. So they – it is rare for them to disappear. It is not rare for them to slide. We are comfortable with where our forecast is right now. If everybody stayed on their projection, if our customers stayed on their projection, we would exceed our forecast. Our experience is they don't stay on their projection. So we think our forecast is where it should be.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. Good question. Because there are a number of expansions here, you cannot answer it, most of your questions, one or the other. The answer is – almost every part of your question, the answer is yes. There are a number – particularly the larger expansions, it is rare for us to do really significant expansions without having a customer on board that we know is going to take at least a base load of that expansion. And that is typical in these cases. There are times when we just – if we're in a concentrated area, for example in the Northeast of the United States, where we will kind of do it "on spec", but that is relatively rare. And again, we know the customers are there. We're working with them. We may not have a guarantee. But generally speaking for the large expansions, we have if not a guarantee – sometimes we actually have a take-or-pay guarantee, we have long term contracts. There are a number of things we do to make sure that we're not expanding in the face of uncertainty. Having said that, there's also just generalized expansion. In no cases in the expansion is it completely sold because we don't ever want to be in a position where our plants are completely sold out. We are always trying to build capacity ahead of them being completely full because that doesn't leave us or our customers any turnaround capacity. We want to make sure we have that. So we do try to avoid that issue as we build, and we will try to get it in the right places. And then I think the final answer is we're talking mid to upper mid kind of growth rates in that space. And so, by definition, you have to expand something like that level all the time. We have 60 plants now. So they're not all the same size, but if you just think through the math, you're growing 7%. That's four plants a year, on average. They're not all plants. They may be three new chambers in eight plants, but as a general rule, we will almost always be expanding that because we do tend to run toward capacity in the 75%, 80% level. So we're always going to be needing to build ahead to provide that capacity.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. Well, just like our Life Sciences backlog being really up, we love backlog to be really up. On a year-over-year basis, we are down a little bit. But if you look at it sequentially, we've been gaining since the huge fourth quarter – basically, we shipped a lot in the fourth quarter of last year. And we – you see it kind of quarterly. We see it monthly. We've been growing sequentially with orders. So it's not overly concerning to us, no. Would we like to have $30 million more? Of course. Always. No matter where we are, we would like to have $30 million more. So we're comfortable with the backlog we have. I would characterize – and I think we've seen enough of the other capital equipment makers – talking specifically about North America now. I would characterize the market as stable, not growing double digits. It's not shrinking. It may be growing by a few percentage points, low-single digits probably in capital right now, but certainly stable. And I view stable – given the level of uncertainty right now in healthcare, I view stable as positive. We're just not seeing – we're not seeing a result of the uncertainty that's clearly out there for healthcare providers.
Walter M. Rosebrough: We have not included ongoing revenue in our forecast. That's the first answer. And the second answer is this is about the buyer's financing, it's not about the business. So it's timing and all those thing around their financing. And I call deals sometimes they happen, sometimes they don't. We still expect this one to happen, but it could not. If it doesn't, that's not a crisis. We just have to report different numbers. But this business isn't hurting us, it just don't fit with what we're doing. So that's kind of the issue. We are still hopeful that we will get those things closed in the next little bit, but it is around their financing.
Walter M. Rosebrough: And another piece, mix. We do not count mix in price. So there is no mix in price. Where we put mix across product is in volume.
Walter M. Rosebrough: In the short run, that's always very difficult to measure. You're talking half a percentage point. We don't have good enough visibility, I'd say, in the short run to answer that question. We are comfortable with our position in the capital equipment business and in the consumable business in Healthcare particularly in North America. And we're actually seeing some turn in our OUS business as well. We mentioned last time it seems like a couple of years that have been sliding, have been bottomed or turning around, and we do see that. So again, I wouldn't characterize it as any significant change in market share, but we're comfortable where we are.
Walter M. Rosebrough: One way to think about it is there is a shift due to that currency, the businesses that are service business in Europe and Britain will increase their profitability with the strengthening euro and pound. And the Healthcare and Life Sciences business that have manufacturing largely the capital equipment business because the other businesses that are U.S.-based. But the – I should say the IPT capital equipment business and the Life Sciences business were built in Canada and Mexico have the opposite effect. And it just so happens they're roughly similar effect. So if those four currencies move in lockstep with the dollar, let's say, 5% up or 5% in lockstep, there tends to be no profit, so we have a natural hedge which we do a deposit.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure, Chris. Clearly, healthcare reform is top on our list of things to watch. It has been now for, I don't know, a year-and-a-half maybe. And so – and I've already commented that we have not seen what I would I call a significant effect through the uncertainty of healthcare reform as it relates to capital spending. Capital spending loves change. It doesn't like uncertainty very much. So we are watching that. That's why we've already commented I think other people like us who do capital equipment are seeing and saying the same thing that it's a stable environment. It doesn't seem like there's a lot of reaction to uncertainty. People are more business as usual as it turns – in terms of capital spending in U.S. hospitals, but that is something clearly we'll be wanting to watch. On the consumable side, you may recall we had a little bit of a scare in the December timeframe last year. It just shrunk surprisingly to us in all three of the market segments. That has clearly come back, and I think in almost every cases, not all cases, not only has it come back, but we've made up what the apparent loss was. So we're keeping an eye on that. We still don't quite understand that. So come toward the end of this year – we think it probably was holiday effect, just the way the holidays happen to turn, and we had a few customers that did some plant closings and things like that. So we'll be watching that again, but we have no indication and no reason to believe it's any different from our normal pattern. The international business does seem to be bottoming and coming back in some of the places where we've had some real turns in the last couple of years. Latin America seems to be picking back up for us at least. And the Middle East, which had been absolutely dry, we're beginning to see some volume in that space again. Europe has remained pretty consistent for us anyway. So that's remained the same. And the Pacific Rim has actually picked up significantly for us. So – I'm talking about Healthcare. So kind of in general. And when the world economy has picked up which as you guys know, that is happening, it puts less pressure on the governments to control healthcare spending. And so to the extent the world economies pick up, that's a positive for us. And even though we've talked about the dollar, how it sits versus other currency, again, these are the accounting effects we've described. But when the dollar strengthens, it makes it harder to sell U.S.-built product in other places. When those currencies strengthen versus the dollar, it makes it easier. So I think that's part of the reason we've seen some pickup in the OUS part of STERIS business. So those are the things we're watching. Right now, I would call that stable to positive.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. Let me break that into two comments. Everything but Cobalt-60, and since you raised Cobalt-60, I'll come back to that. But the everything but Cobalt-60, we're seeing fluctuations but the fluctuations are relatively minor. And as you know, we have a number of oil-based products, so our chemistries are commonly oil-based and our service, we've got a lot of vehicles with our service. So we are sensitive to oil, and as you know, oil is bouncing a little bit, but it's staying, relatively speaking, in good shape. We have seen some other commodities move up a little bit, stainless steel, but again nothing of significance. And we do hedge nickel, which is the biggest component of steel – stainless steel price variation typically. The last thing you mentioned was Cobalt-60. And Cobalt-60, for all of our supply out of North America, we have long-term contracts that have prices built into them. So we do not see an unexpected increase in Cobalt-60 for a number of years anyway. And then OUS, we've not seen any significant price increase.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. I'd say a couple of things there. As is always, if you look at the number of deals we have done in the last six, seven, eight years, the preponderance of those have been small private businesses. And I don't see that changing. I think the preponderance will likely continue to be tuck-in type businesses. As you know, there has been a great deal of consolidation in the medical device space. And when there's a great deal of consolidation, there's often something – some components that don't fit quite as well as others. And so that would be, in my opinion, a fertile area. And then the balance is public companies. But as you know, pricing is a little heady right now in the public company space, and that's something we would want to be careful about as we look at those things. So at a high level, that's I think where we are.
Walter M. Rosebrough: I wish I could tell you what typical pipeline looks like, Larry. It seems like they come in clusters and go in clusters though. I think – so the answer is I think that's difficult and I think that's what we're seeing. We see a number of things and then we don't see things and we see a number of things. And even the ones we see, they're not always as actionable as you would like, and we don't control the timing. So I don't think there's a radical change in our thinking on pipeline, but we don't have much control of the timing.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Just maybe just a couple quick house-cleaning ones from me at this juncture. Could you maybe characterize, either Walter or Mike, just the Healthcare backlog? That $25 million that you saw increased sequentially. Could you break that out between new projects or newbuild versus replacement? I just want to make sure we don't get over our skis if there's any kind of change in that like we saw roughly a year ago. And then similarly, could you – maybe if I missed this, I'm juggling on a couple of calls this morning, but did you also reaffirm the cash flow guidance for the full fiscal year? And I have just one other follow-up. Thanks.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Super. And then maybe, Walt, could you maybe just walk us through what you're seeing as both the kind of tailwinds and the headwinds here that would put you either at the lower or the upper bound of guidance. I appreciate that it's a great start to the fiscal year, but still very early days. But just kind of curious what you're watching most intently when you're thinking about both into the range there. Thanks so much.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. And maybe I can squeeze one last one here. Just following on that thought process, are you seeing stability as well in commodities pricing, in particular Cobalt-60? Just trying to think about the inputs there to gross margin. Thank you.
