Julie Winter - Director: Thank you, Yomi, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you to STERIS' Fiscal 2015 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. Thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. As usual, participating in the call are Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO, and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Now, just a few words of caution before we begin. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the express written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. I would also like to remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements relating to the company, its performance or its industry that are intended to qualify for protection under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. No assurance can be given as to any future financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even if events make it clear that any projected results, expressed or implied, in this or other company statements will not be realized. Investors are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in today's earnings release. As a reminder, during the call we will refer to non-GAAP measures, including adjusted earnings, free cash flow, backlog, debt to capital and days sales outstanding, all of which are defined and reconciled as appropriate to reported results in today's press release or our most recent 10-K filing, both of which can be found on our website at steris-ir.com. One last reminder before we get started, because of our pending offer for Synergy, STERIS is bound by the UK Takeover Code, which places restrictions on what may be said by STERIS in this call. In particular, only information and opinions which are already in the public domain may be discussed. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter - Director: Thank you, Walt and Mike, for your comments. We're now ready to begin the Q&A session. So, Yomi, would you please give the instructions and we'll get started.
Julie Winter - Director: Great. Everybody, this concludes our call. Thanks again for joining us and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Michael J. Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review our fourth quarter financial results. Following my remarks Walt will provide his commentary on our performance for the full fiscal year and discuss our outlook for fiscal year 2016. As usual, our comments this morning will focus on adjusted results. Please see the reconciliation table included with our press release for additional details. We are pleased to report another strong quarter despite the challenging comparisons with a very strong fourth quarter last year. Total revenue growth was 8% in the quarter. On a constant currency basis revenue growth was 10% with acquisitions contributing 9% and price and organic volume contributing an additional 1%. Gross margin as a percent of revenue for the quarter increased 100 basis points to 42.5%. Gross margin was positively impacted by product costs and foreign currency. EBIT margin was 17.8% of revenue, a decline versus the prior year but a substantial improvement sequentially as anticipated. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 29.9% compared with 33.8% last year. We did have several favorable discrete item adjustments in the fourth quarter, which lowered our effective tax rate below what we anticipated. We do not expect several of these discrete item adjustments to continue at this level of favorability in fiscal year 2016. Driven by growth and operating income and the lower effective tax rate, net income for the quarter increased 9% to $59.3 million or $0.98 per diluted share. Moving on to our segment results, Healthcare had a good quarter growing revenue 9%. Contributing to that growth, Healthcare service revenue grew 43% largely as a result of the acquisition of IMS. Healthcare consumable revenue increased 4% while capital equipment revenue declined 7%. As we said last quarter, we were anticipating the decline in capital equipment revenue in the quarter with strength in our surgical business and tougher comparisons in our infection prevention business. Our results for the quarter were in line with those expectations. Healthcare backlog at the end of the quarter was $97.7 million, a reduction of about 12% year-over-year. As we have discussed all year, we have successfully reduced our manufacturing lead times and we now fill orders on a timelier basis. For example, in products like lights and washers where we have in-source manufacturing, we have experienced double-digit declines in lead times over the past year. In addition to reductions in lead times, replacement orders represent a larger percentage of our total order pattern and pipeline and those tend to be filled quicker and reside in backlog for less time. Healthcare operating margins were 16.2% of revenue in the quarter, a decline of 150 basis points year-over-year due to an anticipated mix shift to lower margin instrument repair and increased research and development spending. While the decline was anticipated, I will say that we are pleased with the progress we are making to improve profitability in our acquired businesses. Life Sciences revenue grew 2% in the fourth quarter driven by continued strength in our consumable franchise with revenue growth of 5% and service revenue growth of 4%, offset by a 2% decline in capital equipment revenue. We continue to see weak demand trends in the research market, offset by pockets of activity in the pharma sector for capital equipment within Life Sciences. Backlog in Life Sciences ended the quarter at $45.5 million, in line with our historic levels and up slightly compared with the prior year. Life Sciences fourth quarter operating margin increased 330 basis points to 22.2% of revenue, which was driven by favorable product mix and disciplined operating and expense management. Isomedix had another good quarter with 5% revenue growth driven by demand from our core medical device customers. Isomedix operating margin was 28.4% of revenue, a slight decrease as compared to the prior year caused mainly by higher quality and regulatory expenses. In terms of the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $167.7 million of cash and $623.3 million in long-term debt. Our DSO was at 64 days, a substantial improvement as compared to 71 days at the end of last year. Our free cash flow for fiscal 2015 was $161.6 million, an increase of $33.6 million compared with the prior year driven by increased net income and working capital improvements. Capital spending for the quarter was $28.5 million while depreciation and amortization was $22.1 million. On a separate note, during the quarter we successfully completed a five-year unsecured bank credit facility. Upon close of the Synergy Health acquisition, we will have immediate access to $1.25 billion of credit. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt for his remarks.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes, Dave, we have entered into agreement with about 14 banks for the new credit facility and that variable rate is about 1.5% on the $1.25 billion.
Michael J. Tokich: And, Erin, just one point of clarification. The disposal cost of the depleted cobalt does not go into capital expenditures. It's actually a period expense. So that will be recognized through cost of goods sold as an expense.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes, Jason, what we typically look at, and I don't have that percentage right off the top of my head, but what we anticipate is about 3% of revenue being spent on R&D and I don't think that changes in 2016 and beyond at this point in time.
Michael J. Tokich: For the quarter, if I look at where we grew internationally, North America we saw about 14% top line growth, but the rest of the world we saw negative growth, Europe about 16%, APAC about 8% and then, as Walt mentioned earlier, we continue to struggle a little bit in Latin America. That was down about 30% for the quarter.
Michael J. Tokich: Organically, Healthcare was down mid-single digits or low-single digits, sorry, low-single digits organic. And it was really driven by the capital being down 7%.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Larry, there are two factors that affect backlog. One is, indeed, lead times, and so that is real clear and we've talked about that, we've been talking about that for a while. And the second, is what type of orders the customers are putting in. And so I'm going to separate my conversation into those two. The first, to answer your direct question is in certain of our products, we are probably closing in on what you would expect, but we have other products where we think we can make additional improvements. So I would say, we are not yet at the point of the end of the line, if you will, on our ability to reduce lead times. So it's a mix, and we will, I think continue to see our total ability to ship more quickly improve over the coming years. And it's a function really of a couple of things. First is the way we handle long lead time inventory, parts that are used for the products. And as we in-source, we control those lead times much better than we do when we don't in-source, or we control it with a lot less inventory. So we will continue down that path. So I don't see that ending for a decade. The second point, though and what's probably driving it even more than the inventory the last six months to a year, is we've talked about our relative percentage of what I would call replacement orders versus the orders that are for large projects. And if you go back to the disastrous malaise of 2008, 2009 type timeframe, what we saw is the big projects that had steel in the ground, they had to go ahead. And so the percentage of our shipments going from big projects which typically have long lead times, we typically have those orders months in advance, not days or weeks in advance. That number ran up, if you will, to probably close to 40% of our capital equipment revenue. It typically runs kind of 70-30: 70% replacement orders – you know, I just want a new table, I just want a new light, give me three of these versus a large building project. And so what we saw in that time period, we saw a significant increase in the amount of project orders. Then you may recall, we've talked about this, that we saw the actual number of projects declining, but the size of the projects rising such that it basically held even. But then we saw replacements coming back so the percentages went back to their more normal cause. In our current business and pipeline, we're seeing those numbers running up more into the high 70%s, maybe even close to 80%, is replacement business versus projects. So their projects are falling on a percentage basis – actually on a dollars basis, now the projects have fallen out in the future, but the replacement business pipeline has risen. And that's why we have comfort that we will be able to grow revenue this coming year because we see much more replacement pipeline than we were seeing, even though the project pipeline has fallen off. And by definition, if the replacement stuff tends to be, give it to me as fast as you can, so our lead time drives that business, whereas the project is I'm going to place your order now, and give it to you in six months when my building is done. And then they miss that date by two months and so it's an eight-month timeframe, not a six-month timeframe. So that's the totality of what's driving those numbers. And I would not expect our backlog to fall in dollars significantly going forward as the business grows, but it wouldn't surprise me if it's a little bit. But I wouldn't expect large decreases over time, but it really depends on those two factors.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. Taking Synergy aside, the comments I made actually capture it. We've got a pretty strong organic growth profile sitting in front of us. We have a lot of product development sitting in front of us. We continue the completion of the work of in-sourcing some of the products or parts for products that we build as well as, you know we have a significant restructuring and, moving the products, the System 1 products that had its own dedicated plant into some other plant, so we can restructure that. So that is clearly, there's a lot of work going on in the operations of the business which are basically around increasing the quality we have, putting new products in place that our customers like and reducing the cost and bringing more control over it by in-sourcing manufacturing, and we continue to do that. Now it's not like we've announced a few big $10 million kind of projects. Now they look more like 100 points of light, not one big glowing sun. But you'll continue to see that. Some of that profitability we capture and some of that profitability we pass onto our customers both in terms of better quality and delivery as well as some more cost. There's a lot of cost pressure in this business right now that you know. So I would say, at a high level that's the work. I've talked a little bit in each of the segments about what they're doing, but at a high level that's probably the best conversation. And then on the business development side, just because we're working on Synergy, the universe doesn't stop other companies. So we continue to look at things. And in fact after we close the Synergy deal, we and they will have more opportunities, we think, because it expands our opportunity set. So we are clearly watching that. And of course that will somewhat depend – if you only do so much, that will somewhat depend on when everything closes. But we continue to look down that front. So I guess the closing comments I made about our disciplined investment strategy pretty much summarizes it, but kind of at a more definitive level that's what we're looking at.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. And your points were well asked in terms of, I'll call it the consumable versus the capital side. So let me talk about consumable ongoing revenue type sources and then maybe on the capital side. First of all, the early part of this calendar year, the weather just created all kinds of havoc in the system, so January in a lot of places was pretty tough for hospitals and surgery centers and people that do our kind of work, and endoscopy centers. And so we clearly saw – and we see that – they saw in terms of cancellation of procedures and movement and then a lot of the hospitals got filled up with flu patients and so although they had a lot of patients in beds, they may have not had been doing as many procedures as they would have otherwise. So we kind of saw some of that early on in the year, weather dominated the eastern half of the country. And then the supply chain gets filled up because they're expecting more and it takes a little while for them to use up their inventory, and then they buy. So we saw a little bit of, I'll call it, disruption of what was otherwise a more normal steady process. I think we're through that. As best we can tell, we're through that and it looks to us like things are kind of "back to normal". Most of the facilities that I see, we see a number of people coming into STERIS to talk to us about projects they're doing or work they're doing. Most of the people I'm seeing are telling me they're busy and they're full. And so it seems like that we have seen some pickup there, here the last three months or so – or after we got through the kind of January, first half of February malaise. And it sort of seems that way across the board, this is not a detailed survey by the way, I'm talking about people that I'm talking to. It's a lot of people, but it's not a thousand. So that's kind of one side of it. So on the consumable side, it looks to us like steady growth. On the capital side, we are seeing, as I said, the pipeline in total is trending slightly upwards in our best estimate, and I'm talking single digit percentages now. But the mix has clearly mix shifted toward the replacement of individual devices or a few devices at a time as opposed to the large building projects that seems to have slowed down. Now if you look out even further, I'm talking to my architect friends and my architect friends are saying, I like to talk to them because they're busy two years before I'm busy, and they seem to be picking up as well, which is a good thing. But they also are seeing this mix of, it's a lot of smaller projects more than one big project kind of thing. But I think that may be a little bit of a longer term trend, at least for our side of the business. I can't speak to the capital outside of the ORCSD (29:50) kind of areas. I think, Chris that kind of wraps up North America. Now for our piece of the world, Europe seems to be kind of holding its own. That is it's not growing real fast, it's not dying. A lot of that – Europe for us includes the Middle East. The Middle East is stronger than the European continent. And so when you average that together, we're seeing some growth. We are seeing, have seen, and continue to see strength in Asia Pacific. We've been that way now for, I don't know, four to eight months kind of – excuse me, four to eight quarters kind of timeframe that we've seen our Asia Pacific business picking up relative to the others. And our Latin America business has been soft. Looking out in the future, we think we're seeing some pick up there, but it has been soft. And it's going to be soft for another quarter or so until we see that pick up coming through.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure, Chris. I think we've said for a pretty long time that we expect the market in general to be growing in the low-to-mid single-digits, 4%, 5%. And we would expect organically to grow a little faster than that 5%, 6%, 6%, 7%, pick a number. And so I think our forecast is reflective of that. This is essentially organic growth. And so I think our forecast is reflective of that. Also the headwind of the international revenue next year is going to be in the $25 million range, so that clearly is not helping out. And so if you add that back in, you get another point or so. And the next thing you know it looks like fairly robust growth. And so I think it is good solid growth estimate. If currency takes a different twist, it would change that revenue profile. But I think that's pretty much it.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah, I mean that 5% to 6% growth is including the effect of currency. So it would have been up another point or two, I don't know the exact number. But up another point or two if it were in a constant currency range. And then that's one of the things that people forget. That's just the way accountants look at it mathematically. But when your cost go up 20%, that constant currency stuff is on the business you actually get. When your costs go up 20% versus a currency, you lose business too. So it's actually a stronger headwind than when you do the accounting – than the accounting shows, because there's business you just don't get. And some of that is because you lose to local companies and some of that is because the customers wait until they can afford to spend the money, so put that piece out there. In terms of acquisitions, there's a few weeks, four to five weeks, I think of IMS. So that's a small amount, probably half-a-point or something like that. And there's a dribble, maybe, of tiny, tiny deals. But they're deals mainly in the IMS area and they're deals we consider them organic because they're small enough it's literally the same as if we went out and bought three trucks and hired 10 people. They are that size a deal. So whether we go out and hire 10 people and buy three trucks, or we do an asset buy of a very small company, to us looks like the same thing, so we consider that organic. And it would be trivial in your numbers.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, last year we didn't do a very good job of that and that's why – we did a better job the previous year. But we have a ways to go there and it would be far better if our capital equipment sales were a function purely of customer demand, not a function of our plan years. And that's an objective that many, many companies are working on, as are we, and we're going to try to get better at it because it's better for our factories to run in a more even mode. Now what we have done, we can handle some of that with inventory. So we build inventory over the course of the third quarter and into the early fourth and we ship some. But still, we'd be better for it. We are going to be working on that again this year. That's why you see the profitability splits that you see are more front end weighted than last year and – than the year before, but they are not as front end weighted – they are not as even as I would like. If you're a growing business, you expect the first half to be smaller than the second half. Ours is a little too heavy on the second half, and it's largely that capital, year-end capital shipments.
Walter M. Rosebrough: That's actually a function, not of our Nordion cobalt where we have long-term contracts, but from our other supplier. And as a result, since we at this point cannot be assured that we will be purchasing from them, we have to take care of the disposal, since as I mentioned in my discussion before, the disposal if you will was part of the purchase price in our thinking. As long as we bought the next load, they disposed of the last one. Since we are no longer can be assured that they will be here to do that, then we need to set up a reserve. Because we can get it disposed either by them or by Nordion or someone else. And so that's the cause for that reserve. How that ends up, I think we're being appropriately conservative in doing that. How that all ends up, if we're a little bit luckier we will be able to take care of that. But it's not at all the Nordion issue. It is the other supplier.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Orders of magnitude, about the same. And again, I have to reiterate that's the way it looks when you do all the math, but the additional business we would have received around the world, we would have made money on it. It just doesn't show up in the calculations. So if you look at the straight math on the business that we will achieve, or we expect to achieve, it would be about $10 million.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. In the middle of our guidance, as you say, is right around the 8% range. And that would be our kind of normal long-term expectation, because we do expect a portion of that double digit growth to come from acquisitions, and so at a high level that's kind of what we've said, mid-single-digits in revenue growth, get a point or two out of profitability improvement on that expanding revenue and then you've got to get a point or two out of acquisitions – out of business development. So at a high level, it's pretty much all on our long-term expectations. As you might expect, we don't like to hit the bottom of our range and we don't like to hit the middle of our range. We like to hit the top of our range. We get paid a lot more if we hit the top of our range, so we like to get there. And if we are unable to do deals in this timeframe, we'll be pushing hard to get up to the top of the range, but I think the range is a reasonable estimate of what our future looks like. I think it is consistent with our long-term expectations.
Walter M. Rosebrough: I'm going to answer – I guess there's three questions in there. First question is that CapEx, there is routine CapEx for cobalt spending and that is not out of the ordinary in our plan. The bump-up is all associated with expansion of facilities. And so it is truly an expansion of facilities. Now when you expand facilities, if you're expanding gamma facilities, you know there's some cobalt buy, so you have to mix all that together. But in general, that is an expansion of facilities, not an expansion of cobalt. We have expanded our cobalt – our gamma facilities over the past year or two, so there is more routine buy because of those expansions. But the significant over-spending relative to the last year or two is expansion of facilities. Yes, I've now forgotten the second half of the question, Erin. I'm sorry.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes. Clearly, what we will spend in those facilities is completely independent of the Synergy deal. They are virtually non-existent in North America. So what we are spending in North America is independent of that. But we would expect CapEx to rise if we do the Synergy deal because they have the same issues that we do. They have routine spending in gamma and then they are expanding outside the United States on a routine basis. So it would be similar and I think it's easy to go back and look at their – we haven't forecast that per se, but if you go back and look at their CapEx and look at the S-4, I think you would find relevant information there.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes, Erin. I would say there are two factors. And I'm going to separate the financial result from the operational piece a little bit. That is a big piece of the financial result, as we've discussed before, was we – that is the various companies of IMS – were outsourcing to other people things that they didn't do well. Most of these companies were either very good at surgical instrument repair or very good at scope repair, rarely both. And so what happened is the guys that were good at instrument repair tended to sub out their scope repair and vice versa. The beauty is we bought a couple companies that were good at one and a couple companies good at other, so we in-sourced their outsourcing to each other. And that happened, we expected it to be pretty quick, it happened really quick. And so there was enough capacity in the labs and we were able to beef up the labs. We really got that impact very fast. And then the second piece is the more difficult, long-term work, which is overlapping territories and do we have enough people? Again, as a service business, you need to have geographic density, if you will, to be at an optimum level of profitability. And again, all these companies were regional light (46:29) companies, and so they were all trying to expand outside their regions when we put them together. Places one was expanding, the other already was and so we got much better regional density. That has taken longer. And then the whole back office, IT and getting all the regions aligned. Sometimes we had three people where we needed two when we put them together; sometimes we had two people where we needed three. Getting them all in the right geographies, that has taken longer, and we're effectively through that as we speak, actually. We're kind of finishing that up now. But the financial result is less impactful than this outsourcing. So we were able to get there quicker than we thought and we're hitting the targets that we expected. And so we think we're in good shape. Now this coming year we actually will continue to improve, but we'll also begin some more investing for growth in the business. So we're not expecting a significant differential this year because we do expect to continue to grow that business. We expect to be a high-single digit, low-double digit grower and we'll have to invest to do that.
Walter M. Rosebrough: But it is growing faster than revenue, so if it was 2.8%, it's now 3.1%. It's that kind of effect because, again, it's relatively small numbers, but it is growing faster. My recollection is it's growing in the mid- to high-single digits.
Walter M. Rosebrough: U.S. Endoscopy, the way they work is trying to find new problems that haven't been solved and develop niche products for those new problems or maybe old problems with new solutions. And so most of the product that they have is a very targeted product, so it's not so much I'll call it a market share play. There is a problem out there and we can fix it, and if we do that, we can make some money doing so. So I would characterize their product portfolio that way. Having said that, there are groups of procedures that to the extent you have four or five or six products focused toward the care and cleaning of the device, and four or five or six products toward finding and retrieving polyps, for example, or finding and retrieving other things. And so they do cluster them that way and they are filling out those clusters. So to the extent that's what – I don't think of it as much as a head-to-head competition on any particular products, generally. It's generally more of a how can we fill out a portfolio of things for a certain set of procedures, and they are doing a very nice job of doing that.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, it is both. That is if you look at the class – we kind of look at classes of products. We have four, five, six, seven a year come out. And indeed the FY 2016 portion is factored into 2016, but really 2016 is being impacted more by the 2014 class and the 2015 class. There will be some impact from the 2016 class but we will see even more impact in 2017 and beyond.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, market valuations in general are high, higher than they were – I don't know if it's high or low – but they are higher than they were a couple years ago for sure. Interest rates are lower. And when you put those two things together, you get what you get. And so I do think we see some high valuations. We work to be careful to pay only what we think we need to to get the thing done and we work to make sure that we don't have alternative ways of making more money, including buying our own shares back. So, we try to be very careful with that and we are an ROIC-driven company. We pay attention for return on capital, not just the earnings growth. But we are seeing some more steam, of course. And again, as long as you see these relatively low interest rates, I think you may see some of that.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Erin, anecdotally, we had a five-year plan for U.S. Endoscopy and they have been hitting or beating that plan year after year. If they hit what we have incorporated into our guidance, they will have hit their five-year plan in four years.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, there's a number of superbugs, but I think you're talking about the scope bug in California that's gotten a lot of press.
Walter M. Rosebrough: It's not 100% clear how that's going to affect all of us. First of all it is a very, very tiny piece of the work we do. This is specific to a particular bug and a particular set of scopes called duodenoscopes, some people call them duodenoscopes and so if you look at our piece of that action, it is teeny tiny. Or look at that in total in terms of any kind of broad percentage, it's tiny. It is in our business teeny tiny. Now if you're one of those patients, it's not tiny. It's (55:43) important. And we are working with the scope manufacturers. We're clearly in discussion with the various societies that help determine how we do this, and we clearly would be working with the agency to the extent that they are doing anything. So, we will be involved in this and we think we are a contributor. I will say that none of these reported issues have been on our devices. So at this point in time, we've not seen any direct impact. I think that it's a more indirect impact of how we will look at doing a better job with those devices as a collective group in the future.
