Mike Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our second quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 12% with growth across all segments. Growth was driven by organic volume, as well as 130 basis points of price.  Acquisition’s total added $346 million to revenue in the second quarter, which is broken down by segment in the press release tables. To assist you with your modeling. I will share some color on the acquisition revenue contribution within the healthcare segment. Of the approximately $220 million in acquired revenue, about 65% is consumable revenue from both Key and Cantel Medical, about 20% of the balances Capital Equipment revenue, with the last 15% being service revenue.  We will not be breaking that down any further as it's already difficult to differentiate some product lines as we are integrating the businesses quickly. And that challenge will only increase with each passing quarter. Gross margin for the quarter increased 120 basis points compared to the prior year to 46.2%, as favorable productivity, pricing, and acquisitions were somewhat offset by higher material and labor costs. Combined, material and labor costs were about $10 million in the quarter, significantly higher than we were expecting.  As we look at the second half of the fiscal year, we anticipate that higher material and labor costs will continue to impact gross margin by approximately $20 million or more. EBIT margin for the quarter was 23.3% of revenue, an increase of 80 basis points from the second quarter of last year. As anticipated, we're starting to see some operating expenses, such as travel and sales and marketing costs return, somewhat limiting EBIT margin growth.  The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 22%, higher than last year but in line with our expectations for the full fiscal year. Net income in the quarter increased to $200.3 million and earnings per share were a $1.99. Our balance sheet continues to be a source of strength for the Company. Our leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter is now below 2.8 times. As a reminder, we cash settled all of Cantel's convertible notes during the second quarter.  The total cash settlement value was approximately $371.4 million. At the end of the quarter, cash totaled $383.5 million. During the first half, capital expenditures totaled $133.4 million, while depreciation, amortization was $201.7 million, reflecting recent acquisitions. Free cash flow for the first half was a $135.8 million. As anticipated, this is a decline from last year due to costs associated with the acquisition and integration of Cantel Medical and slightly higher capital spending year-over-year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Dan for his remarks.
Mike Tokich: Yeah, Matt. So, we experienced about $5 million of material labor costs in Q1. That doubled in Q2 and what we anticipate for the second half is $20 million or more for that combined third and fourth quarter. How that lays out by quarter, it's anyone's guess at this point in time. You read a lot in the papers about supply chain is potentially alleviating, although we have not seen that yet. Obviously, it's impacting us more than we had just thought 1 quarter ago when we revised guidance, so we wanted to make sure that we -- you guys understood exactly what we're anticipating to be the impact as we move forward for the rest of the fiscal year.
Mike Tokich: And then Chris on the Life Science s side, echoing Dan 's comment regarding the operating expenses, same in Life Science s. We anticipated higher operating expenses throughout the year and obviously, the COVID impact has slowed some of the travel, and marketing, and sales expenses. Although we are starting to see those come back, but that is one factor that is definitely adding to the increased operating profit.  And the other one you alluded to already, Chris, is mix. We continue to see very good growth out of the consumables business. And with the addition of Cantel, the consumables business, although it was only up a percent organically it is up almost 11% if you include the Cantel acquisition. We are seeing, as I think you understand, and consumables are higher margins -- tend to be higher margins for us, so that is also helping drive the improved profitability margin
Mike Tokich: Yeah. Certainly, Mike. As you're right, we did incur $5 million in Q1 and when we did increase guidance, we anticipated an additional $10 million for the remaining three quarters. We incurred 10 million in Q2, so that the 20 million plus is all incremental to our revised outlook at this point in time. Which is one of the reasons why we're holding our outlook steady compared to what we raised last quarter, and also compared to the -- how we exceeded the second quarter results. Hopefully that math ties out and makes sense to you.
Dan Carestio: Thanks, Mike. And thanks again to everyone for taking the time to join us today. Our fiscal 2022 is shaping up to be another record year for STERIS. Our first-half turned out to be stronger than we anticipated, with constant currency organic growth across the business. In particular, growth in our ASG segment remains strong with 23% constant currency organic growth year-to-date despite some tough comparisons in the second quarter of last year.  Healthcare has also rebounded nicely with 17% constant currency organic growth in the first half and record backlog of $311 million at the end of the quarter for the legacy STERIS products. Life sciences consumables have stabilized contributing 3% constant currency organic growth in the first half, and our capital equipment business backlog has grown to a record 98 million. Lastly, our newest segment, Dental, reported 10% growth for the quarter in line with our expectations.  Underlying our performance procedure volumes in the U.S. have held steady as hospitals have learned how to manage through the pandemic. While we continue to see pockets of the world that are more limited in procedure volume due to COVID outbreaks, overall, we believe procedure volume is moving closer to pre -pandemic levels. We are cautiously optimistic about the coming months as COVID cases appear to have peaked and are now once again receding. Despite the more difficult comparisons, we expect revenue to stay strong in our second half as we continue to benefit from these trends.  We also continue to make progress on the integration of Cantel in the quarter. The majority of our staffing changes have been made, aligning STERIS to better serve customers, positioning us for growth going forward, and contributing to cost synergies. We're also making swift progress implementing Lean and we're very pleased with how receptive our new colleagues are to our passion for continuous improvement. All said, we would expect to exceed our synergy cost targets for the year and also in total.  Looking at the full year, while we are increasingly confident in our ability to achieve the -- our improved outlook provided last quarter, we're not increasing guidance further at this time. While we overachieved earnings in the second quarter, we have a fewer offsets that will likely impact the back half of the year. On the revenue side, our comparisons do get a bit more challenging. And we do expect some headwinds from FX, in particular, from the euro and the pound.  In addition, while our teams have done outstanding work to mitigate the supply chain challenges so far this year, it is difficult to predict the unknown implications the current environment may have on the second half of the fiscal year. All said, we are pleased with where we stand today in the underlying strength of our diversified business and remain optimistic that if it were not for supply chain and inflation uncertainties, we would be at the high end or above our adjusted EPS guidance range for the full year. We look forward to continuing to update all of you on our progress. Thank you, and I will now turn the call back over to Julie to open up for Q&A. Julie.
Dan Carestio: Yes. Sure, Matt. What I would say is to date, other than the cost escalation of money of our precursor materials, we've been able to navigate the supply side of it and make sure that we have been able to keep up and meet customer demand. And we had a little bit excess precursor inventory coming into the year as well, as some safety. In the current environment with the uncertainty around delivery time of these materials, it may -- it could potentially result in extended lead times for deliveries.  We don't see a scenario where a stock out would happen or anything like that, but the ability to deliver on what now is over $400 million in backlog in the next six months just from an -- if we miss production slots, it's going to be hard to get them back, if we miss them because of supply shortages. So, I believe our teams will continue to do the outstanding work that we've been doing thus far. But there are challenges.
Dan Carestio: Yeah, it is a high-growth area for that business. Currently, it's not a significant portion of the total business. And the vast majority of what we do, say over 80%, is what I would categorize as traditional medical type product. But nonetheless, it's growing very fast and we have a very good position with the companies and our customers that are accelerating growth and making a lot of investment for their capacity.
Dan Carestio: Yeah, Dave, the split is more like 60% materials, 40% labor, just to give you an understanding of that breakdown of $10 million. And I think Dave, from our standpoint, there is just so much uncertainty surrounding the potential impact. Maybe we're being a little bit conservative at this point. But again, it's the best guess that we have as to the potential impact. And again, it's for two quarters in, we have been surprised in the amount that we've been impacted negatively on the gross margin side for both materials and labor. And I would just add, Mike, too that I think we have a fairly decent idea clearly of what's going to happen relative to materials and labor cost escalation going into the third quarter. I don't know that we can say that with a high degree of confidence when we talk about fourth quarter. So, if we were a quarter out of fiscal year, I think we might have a different position here.
Dan Carestio: Yeah. I would say that we're very confident on exceeding the $25 million target. Much of that is, what we would say, is in the bag because a lot of it has to do with executive compensation, and public Company costs, and a number of things that are already in the run rate. We still have some things to go get between now and the end of the year. And as we do that, we will get more and more confident on what the actual number will be, but we do know that it's going to be north of the $25 million.
Dan Carestio: I'll hit on the AST and I'll ask Mike to cover some of the Life Science s since there's a little more detail there. I think in terms of AST, we still haven't seen OpEx as comeback -- OpEx come back to where it was pre-COVID, and we've planned it to be back sooner than later. The other thing I would say is that we have a number of facilities that are operating at extremely high utilization levels right now.  And the nature of the business is such that there's a very high fixed cost on each one of these individual plans and the difference of running at 80% utilization versus 97% or something like that has got major implications on the drop-through profitability of the operations. So, as we've talked about a number of times, we're in the process of building out a number of expansions in that business. And then as those come online, we're not going to see any significant drop in profitability percentages, but we do believe going forward it will stabilize in the ranges of where it is today.
Dan Carestio: Sure, this is Dan. What I would say on the healthcare backlog, it's really strong across all product segments at this point, whether that's surgical or IPT. And then in terms of project versus short-term work, a year ago, we were almost exclusively long-term projects and builds and things like that, and we've seen a significant recovery in the replacement business in the last six, seven months, I would say, to where it's kind of back to pre - COVID levels in terms of replacement type spending. We've got a -- our backlog is still not maybe what it would have looked like proportionately 2 years ago before the pandemic, but the last 6 months or so, order intake definitely is.  In terms of the Life Science capital, there's a lot of money being spent expanding production in terms of biologics, vaccines, and gene therapies. All of these different type of applications that require aseptic manufacturing environments, and as we've discussed before, that's really STERIS's sweet spot. We tend to benefit on the consumables side of that, we tend to benefit in AST on the disposable side going into those manufacturing environments, and then we also tend to benefit on the Capital Equipment side for GMP type equipment for sterilization into those type of environments as well.  The other thing I would mention is we have seen, since the beginning of our fiscal year, recovery in research type spending, which was really slow during the pandemic. Much of that is state or federal funded public institutional spending. And that dried up pretty bad last year and we have seen a replacement business and what we would categorize more as lab or research come back, at least on an order input to what it would look like pre -- close to what it would look like pre -pandemic
Dan Carestio: I think it's early days for us at this point to put out any long-term projections on Dental. Frankly, we're still learning the business. We like the performance year-to-date anyways with STERIS and we do believe the team over there is doing a really nice job managing the business and also the recovery coming out of the pandemic. So, at this point, we do believe there's connection in terms of the infection control value piece. To be able to quantify that to you at this time, I just don't think we're in a position to do that yet.
Dan Carestio: Yeah, I mean, what I would say is we're not a pure-play med-tech. If you think about it, we've got an awful lot of business that deals with medical manufacturing and also pharmaceutical manufacturing, and now actually dental as well, so -- and those have a little different structure around what can, can't be done in terms of pass cost [Indiscernible].  What we've consistently done historically at STERIS is try to pass -through enough to basically cover as much of inflation as we can. We are reasonable on whether the customers will accept it. And then we try to get the rest out of productivity gains within our manufacturing environments, which we've been pretty successful at over the years as well.
Dan Carestio: I do not see it changing in the foreseeable future based on what we've seen consistently in terms of work intake and also new projects that are still out there for opportunities for STERIS going forward.
Dan Carestio: I mean, it's -- our concerns are across equipment and also consumables, especially on the chemistry side and that's somewhere that we're really watching to make sure that we always have adequate amount of precursor chemistry to continue to make our finished products. In terms of the other applications, whether it's components that go into manufacturing capital equipment, whether it's electronics or steel, or framing, or whatever, that's more of cost management at this point as opposed to timing, because we are seeing cost escalation there. But it's -- there -- trust me, there are issues across every aspect of manufacturing environments right now in light of delivery times and just general availability and things of that nature.
Dan Carestio: Yeah. Sure. This is Dan. So, what I would say is we are in close communication with the EPA on this issue, and we always fulfill any requests that they have from a regulatory perspective. So, we're working with them to make sure they have the appropriate data from STERIS. In addition, we are optimistic that we do see some sort of proposed roll sometime in the first calendar quarter. We had originally -- I personally had originally hoped for early January.  That's TBD, but hopefully we'll see something sooner than later out of the agency that gets us to a final path. And in the interim, we've made some significant investments ahead of any regulations in anticipation of any change where our facilities now are down to just tying up a few minor things in terms of what we think are enhanced improvements of head of any regulatory [Indiscernible] rule that might changes requirements to operate.
