Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Alice, and good morning everyone. Joining us on today's call as usual we have Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO, and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. I have a few words of caution as usual before we open for comments from management. This webcast contains time-sensitive information and is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation those risk factors described in STERIS Plc's, STERIS Corporation's and Synergy's previous securities filings. Many of these important factors are outside of STERIS' control. No assurances can be provided as to any results or the timing of any outcome regarding matters described in this webcast or otherwise. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS Plc and STERIS Corporation SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income, constant currency, organic revenues and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures that may be used from time to time during this call and should not be considered replacements for GAAP results. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the board of directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. STERIS' adjusted earnings per diluted share and segment operating income exclude the amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations, acquisition-related transaction costs, integration costs related to acquisitions, and certain other unusual or non-recurring items. We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities less purchases of property, plant, equipment and intangibles, net capital expenditures, plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant, equipment, and intangibles. Additional information regarding adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income and free cash flow is available on today's release. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Walt and Mike, for your comments. Alice, will you please give the instructions and we will get started with Q&A.
Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: We really haven't disclosed that, Jason. I mean we've disclosed the size of the business and been clear that the margins were better than segment average, kind of high-single-digits, and left it at that.
Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Alice, and thank you everybody for joining us this morning. We'll talk to you again soon.
Lawrence Keusch: So Walt, I was hoping we'd get started on IMS and maybe give us some help understanding, you know, what you are seeing out there that led to the lower performance starting out the year. And then how are you thinking about, again, more from a revenue perspective through the year – I understand obviously that you are going to readjust your cost to be more consistent, but just any thoughts around that would be helpful.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. That's helpful. And then two other ones, I guess one for you, Walt, and then for Mike. For you, again you know obviously saw that you increased the dividend. That's again consistent with your focus on maintaining and actually growing the dividend. You also announced a $300 million share repurchase, which is about 5% of the current market cap, so nice size. And I recognize that that will be tapped into over time. But could you just talk a little bit again about where you see sort of deleveraging and share repurchase priorities, call it over the next couple years? And then the second question is just on the HSS margins, which were 2%. Again, I assume a lot of that has to do with IMS, but well below that kind of double-digit bogey that you always talk about. And again wanted to take your temperature on what's driving the 2%, which is down sequentially, and what drives it up.
Lawrence Keusch: Hi. Thanks. Just one more for you guys. Walt and Mike, you sort of alluded to some of this through your comments, but could you talk a little bit about just how the integration of Synergy is going as you put those two businesses together? And then there was a little bit of confusion in last quarter's conference call as it related to the outlook for the cost synergies. I noticed that you indicated that you are looking for and still expecting $15 million for this year. But again help us think about the $40 million that you kind of initially targeted.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure, Larry. We see this as a temporal issue, not any kind of a permanent issue, if you will. We have a natural growth rate. I mean the general growth rate of that business in total is roughly in line with healthcare. The question is how much business moves from hospitals doing it themselves or from the OEMs moving to third-party participants. And there we've seen double-digit kind of numbers. We expect to continue to see double-digit kind of numbers. But within that there's always some churn, some going to us from us to us from us. We actually ended last year stronger than we expected and so we had quite positive churn. We probably got a little more optimistic than we should about that. So we've had some negative churn now in this current timeframe. But in terms – and so it take some times to work through that because we had invested presuming we would hold all that business and continue to take some. So we are a little bit behind our current forecast. In that kind of business it doesn't – it's not like capital where you get a big order and then you lose a big order; it is an ongoing business. So the long term we don't expect it to be any different than our previous thinking. It's just a short-term aberration in our view.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. I guess I'll break, two basic questions. One's a capital allocation question, let's call it, and the other one is the profitability in that business segment.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Thank you. About $80 million left in our previous authorization when we moved to Synergy Plc and in that process we needed to get a reauthorization from shareholders to do anything, so we actually had zero authorization going into this quarter. So this is just, I'll call it for lack of better terms, a re-up of our normal type of authorization. We've done this over the last seven or eight years. This is the third $300 million authorization. So it's not a change in philosophy or change in thinking. And generally speaking, unless we see a dearth of acquisition-type opportunities or tuck-in opportunities, we would expect to be purchasing shares only to offset dilution. That's kind of our general thinking. So that I think answers that one, and that's really no change from what we've been talking about now since we announced the Synergy deal. The second thing is, as you know, I don't like anything that's making single-digit ROS. There are differences in businesses. Our AST business has a much higher capital requirement, so it has to make higher ROS to make appropriate ROIC, and that's in the long run we create value by growing things and having ROIC above our cost of capital. That's what we want to do and to the extent we can even get higher ROIC the better. So we do, there are different ROS criteria for the businesses to get to the appropriate ROIC, but clearly those are not where we would want them to be or would like them to be. We do expect them to see double digits. But part of that is we've got a combination of some businesses that are relatively low ROIC like the Linen business combined with – or ROS or ROIC for that matter – like the Linen businesses as well as businesses where we are investing because we believe the long term they will have good profitability because we've seen that model in the UK. So it's a combination of those things. As you know, I don't put real targets on an end-point profitability but I definitely like to see double digits. And I don't see us feeling any differently about that than we did a year ago or two years ago or three years ago. But we do see investment opportunities here and growth opportunities and we anticipate doing that.
Walter M. Rosebrough: No. I think you may have meant the U.S. linens business because the UK business we sold. We do both have the U.S. and the Netherlands businesses. As we've mentioned in the past, those are relatively low-margin businesses. And so we haven't seen a significant change. As you noticed, they are still relatively low-margin, low-growth businesses and we haven't seen a change there. In the HSS business, again, that business is a profitable business in the UK and we're investing in other parts of the world to grow that business to duplicate the UK model, so again no change. We still have a lot of interest from customers who are talking to us about potential outsourcing in the U.S. But again, as we've said many, many times, it's going to take time for that to come to fruition and we do see it as a nascent business. We don't anticipate any significant revenue profitability in that business certainly in this year, and it's going to be a while before it becomes a material part of the total STERIS profitability map.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah, well, first of all it's a range, not a number, and so we have a $0.15 range and it's a $0.05 headwind. So that certainly is encompassed in that kind of range. And obviously we didn't have our point forecast at where we are at the bottom of that range, the bottom number of that range. So that's one answer. And then the second answer is we do see strength in the North American capital – well, the North American operation in general in healthcare and in the global operations in both Life Science and AST. So we have some very strong positive feelings about that. The rest of the globe for healthcare is a little tough. And so we are just mixing and matching all those components. And at this point in time in the year we did not see it appropriate to change the range.
Walter M. Rosebrough: The short answer is we're seeing real strength and we're not alone in that. The other guys in the capital business in North America are seeing real strength there in both orders and generally speaking in backlog. And we also have visibility in pipeline as we mentioned several times; usually three to six months of pretty clear visibility. Our pipeline looks the same as our orders, it's just strong in North America right now. That can always change, but at this point in time we're seeing real strength. And it's been double-digit kind of strength now for six or nine months and so – and it looks like the same kind of strength out in the future, so out in the future meaning six months out or nine months out. So it's a combination of replacement orders are staying strong and projects are increasing, and you put those together and you get some nice increases.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah, I'm going to separate the capital piece from the rest, the consumables and service parts. On the capital side, that business has now been steady for five years maybe and our backlog is balanced between $40 million and $45 million roughly for five years. So I don't see any material long-term change there. Mix has changed and our willingness to accept no-profit business has changed. And so the profitability from that business has changed significantly for the good. Now when we look at the consumable side there are a couple pieces that make that up. First of all, our chemistry business has just been quite strong and we have a nice set of chemistries and we've mentioned that we've also added some chemistries to our portfolio. And so those are just picking up speed. So it's pure organic, growing business. We do think we're targeted at good spots, we're targeted at vaccines and biologics, which are nice growing pieces of the pharmaceutical business. So we're just targeting in the right spots and we have some nice products. So we have had good organic growth and we see that continuing. And then the acquisition of our barrier products, which was the company called GEPCO, which is also a consumable product in Life Science, have also been strong. They had good growth but we also have the ability to – they were essentially a U.S. company and so we have a global footprint in the sales force so we have the ability to move those products to global customers outside the United States. So it's a real opportunity for us to grow. So we just see very nice positive movement in Life Science and we continue to expect that on the consumables side of the business.
Walter M. Rosebrough: On the consumable side, I think the comps are fine and the growth rates are fine. On the capital side, we had some really nice shipments I want to say in the mid part of last year. And so we will clearly not see these kind of growth rates going forward. I think to say the capital business is flat to slightly increasing is the right kind of general way to think about it for the year and for longer term. So it's not – I mean it's a 40% growth for this quarter but that was just because of easy comps and a strong quarter; that a long-term change.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, Healthcare Products, again, it's more dominated in the U.S. because I don't know the number off the top of my head but it's small, so in the 15% to 20% kind of range. Mike is looking for it as we speak. And part of that is because there's a piece of that business that came from Synergy. I just don't happen – and it is predominately O-U.S., so I don't happen to have that number in my head. But the margins O-U.S. are somewhat different because we go through distributors. So we generally do not get the "sales" margin or distributor margin, but we do get the design and manufacturing margins, so that's the predominant difference. Now pricing outside the U.S. is typically a little bit higher because transportation and the distribution cost. I'll call it the end customer's price is typically higher because of those things. But we don't get the distribution margin and we often don't get the service that goes along with it like the installation; some of the services the distributor tends to do that. So at a high level that's the case on capital. On consumables they are roughly similar.
Walter M. Rosebrough: I mean, all you have to do is ask what countries are experiencing fiscal difficulty because most countries outside the U.S. are, for lack of better terms, are largely national healthcare programs with government budgets. So all of the countries that are mineral-based or oil-based – all is a big word – but generally speaking those that are mineral-based or oil-based are having difficulty in their government budgets and as a result having difficulty in their healthcare budgets. So kind of off the top of my head in Latin America, Venezuela is just really, really challenged. Brazil is quite challenged. Moving to the Middle East, a big part of the Middle East, which was a very strong healthcare business, has slowed down significantly. And Saudi Arabia in particular, which was a very good healthcare business, has the dual challenge of the weaker oil prices as well as having to fund some war issues at the same time. So Saudi is particularly challenged, but much of the Middle East, the oil-based economies are challenged. We have seen actually a bit of a pick-up in Asia; not China per se, although we've actually kind of done nicely in China. It's a small business for us. But not so much China but the areas outside, so Southeast Asia has clearly been picking up for us but it's still challenged. In Australia, again, a mineral-based economy has been challenged for the last 12 or 18 months.
Walter M. Rosebrough: And I would mention, Chris, we are bringing a number of plants online and when we're bringing plants online, it means the ones that are currently running are full. So we're running capacity-like numbers in a lot of places and that's a good time to be making some money. We would expect some averaging of that over time. We are trying to have them not come all at once, so we don't have this nice buildup and then a cliff, nice buildup and then a cliff. We are trying to even them out over periods of time. But there is some, if you look at a plant-by-plant basis, it does look like that. We're now getting to be good enough size. I mean we have 60 facilities roughly. So we are getting to be a large enough size that one or two facilities doesn't crush us, but you notice them when they come on board.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah, Chris, just Mike's looking for the number. But while he does, consumables aren't really impacted by that. There are sometimes, because we go through distribution, sometimes our distributors stock a little more, stock a little less, or the hospitals don't quite catch their seasonality correct. But that tends to be minor fluctuations. On the capital side, the 75-25 is roughly a good rule but we clearly – we had gone – it goes in cycles and we had been where replacement was the stronger piece a couple years ago. Projects have been picking up and they're continuing to pick up. So again, Mike's doing some math right now. I'll let him report it, but it's clearly picked up the last six months or eight months or so. And the outlook is also that way. There is more project kind of business out there.
Walter M. Rosebrough: AST generally is a little, all things being equal, there's growth across, but all things being equal AST tends to be stronger in the first half and Synergy was more AST-oriented. And the rest of STERIS has tended to be a little more back half, particularly the capital side. So it kind of mixes and matches. I would still expect it to be, generally speaking, for seasonality to have a little stronger in the back half, A., just due to the growth in general, and B., because the back half tends to be a little more weighted, particularly on the capital side.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure, Larry. First, I would say there are basically three projects in this integration and each of the two major businesses that are integrated – the HSS/IMS business is one and the AST business from both sides, or formally Isomedix and AST business the other – the business integration for all intents and purposes is almost complete, that is the organization, structures and people and all those things. Those integration teams are down to just a few items, with the exception of the classic IT where we were trying to get on common systems and all that stuff, which is much more like the central office integration functions. But in terms of what I'll call the business salesforce, those kinds of things, we are coming into the home stretch if not in the home stretch, and it's gone nicely, just full stop nicely. The longer-term issues relate to systems, getting on common systems and getting on the back office people, whether that's human resources, IT, finance. Those systems take longer to integrate. And so those are I'll call it the long-tail systems, and that project team is still heavily working on their part of integration, not the least of which is things like legal, legal structure-type things because you know we had, I forgotten exactly, but 60 or 70 legal entities in our business and they had 60 or 70 legal entities in their business. You know, we would like to get to 60 or 70 legal entities. And that just takes time of lawyers and accountants and those kind of things. And it saves us money in the long run because we don't have to do 140 statutory reports. We do 60 or 70. And so those kinds of things are taking the time and that was always expected. Now, to come down to the bottom-line side of it. We hit our $5 million that we expected last year. We are very comfortable with our $15 million forecast for this year and we are very comfortable with our $40 million or more now total forecast over the longer period of time. And whether $2 million or $3 million of it slides into 2019 instead of 2018, my own view is we'll probably hit 2018 and have a little extra that we get maybe slide into 2019. But at a high level, any way you want to look at it we are quite comfortable with the numbers that we have in place.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Could we start, Mike, just going back and looking at AST profit here in the quarter, a little bit stronger than what we were modeling there, in fact about 400 basis points stronger. I just want to get a better understanding. Is that as you're starting to get greater utilization of the increase that you've done in capacity, primarily in the U.S., margins are improving? Are you seeing any kind of cut to your raw material or I should say cobalt-60 costs? Or is it just maybe mix? I'm just trying to get a little bit better understanding of what's driving that level of profitability, and then I have a couple of quick follow-ups.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Understood. And then if you could just revisit healthcare capital, the growth in the backlog there again very briefly. Historically I think that's been about a 75%, 80% replacement, 20%, 25% new project build-type business. Could you just give us maybe a little bit more color there, and I apologize if I missed at the outset, in terms of that mix here the last several quarters? Because I know in your prepared remarks you mentioned greater growth in new project build. I am just trying to think about what that incremental growth is longer term potentially for both consumables and service as you pull out through the backlog.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly cash flow was strong, approximately $50 million in free here in the quarter. Can you just remind us if there's anything different in terms of the seasonality when we think about historically the way we saw corporate cash flow build through the course of the year now that this is going to be our first full year with Synergy? Thanks.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes certainly, Chris. So the 34% operating margin that you mentioned with AST, I mean a lot of that is, and then we've talked about this before, is we have a high fixed cost base and we did see exceptional volume increases this quarter. So that volume, once we cover the fixed costs, is extremely profitable for us and that is the major driver. On top of that, the integration with Synergy Health is actually moving along very nicely. So we probably get a little bit of a benefit there as we integrate our businesses, but I would say first and foremost it's the volume piece that is driving the large increase.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Chris, we've gone from roughly 70-30 replacement versus projects and we're more looking like closer to now 60-40. So we made a pretty substantial switch with the replacement versus the projects.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Chris, I would say that from a cash flow standpoint the seasonality will be tracking to income. And for the most part legacy STERIS has typically been more second-half weighted. Legacy Synergy has been pretty much even throughout the year. So I don't think it'll be that much of a directional change from what we've seen historically.
