Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes, Chris, you are absolutely correct. And I would say it's not just consumables. Our recurring revenue businesses all were below our expectations in the back half of December, and basically even in the beginning of December looked kind of normal. Back half of December was very weak. And so when I say recurring, I'm including the consumables on both Healthcare, Life Science and the AST business. What we did see, a number of things. And we did see more of our customers on the Life Science and medical device side taking a bit longer shutdowns in some of their plants, which is typical in the Christmas time, both for maintenance and for holiday. So we saw more of that than we're accustomed to. And then, we just saw some weakened orders, if you will, orders and shipments, because those tend to be fast turnaround shipments in both Healthcare and the Life Science space in the month of December. November was actually quite strong, just the opposite. So I'll skip the November conversation, because everything I'm saying about December is exactly the opposite of November. November was quite strong. So we were basically on our forecast at the end of November and then we just saw a slowdown across the board, across all segments of our business on the recurring revenue side, consumables and recurring revenue. Now, we have seen – now, we're in the fifth week of the calendar year and we have seen all of those come back to normal levels. So we are encouraged that one of two things has occurred. Either it was a one-time adjustment in inventories of our distributors, our customers, or the manufacturers of medical devices; or it was just a timing question, and they're actually going to bring back that revenue over the next couple of months. We are taking I would characterize it as the more conservative view. That we are using – we have placed our consumables and recurring revenue, AST and Life Science and Healthcare Consumables on our planned rates, the rate we expect to see. If there is a bounce back, there is some plus to that. But we think given that we don't know for sure the answer to that question, taking the conservative view that it was a one time, I'll call it, inventory adjustment is the better approach.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Larry, I think we haven't changed our long term view, even during this process, even though we had a short term variation. But the long term view we have and have had and continue to have is that we have – we're in a market that generally is a mid-single digit kind of growth market. That's called healthcare in general. And we're pretty broadly across healthcare. But that we tend to be focused more in some of the more rapidly growing areas. And I believe that could give us a half a point or a point. And then we intend to do things to grow a little faster than that. So we still view this business, our targets or our objectives, and we think they're reasonable objectives, is to be in that mid to upper if you will single digit growth rate. Something in that 4% to – or 5% to 7% range kind of numbers. That's what we have said and continue to believe. And then if we do some acquisition that gets us more into that 7%, 8% acquisition – or overall growth rates. And that we should grow our profitability faster. So that gets us in double digits. And we have not wavered from that. There were people that viewed that Synergy would change that trajectory. We have never said that. We've said that we'd run a larger business out. And then we believe we can continue that trajectory that we set – have set for a number of years and we intend to continue to do. So we don't see a variance from that in the long term. Now we were more bullish in this short term period, no question. And that has not turned out to be the case. But we don't see that being a reflection of the long term position of the business. And as we've refocused on the businesses that we view are strategic business, we feel more strongly about it.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. Get the two questions really separated. First is on operating efficiencies. Larry, as you know I tend to not describe operating efficiencies in percentages but in dollars first. And I don't – we go after dollars, so that happens to result in percentages. But we go after dollars. And we absolutely do not believe we have come to the bottom of the well of improvement opportunities. We think we have significant improvement opportunities going forward. Secondly, as we achieve those opportunities we do not always take them all to the bottom line. Sometimes we put them back in holding prices. And as a result, we think that makes us stronger in terms of our ability to hold or gain share. So we do not put all those efficiencies in the bottom line. But you are correct. We have a habit, generally speaking, of you put all that together either by growing revenue and having a relatively fixed base cost. Or by bringing those variable efficiencies to the bottom line or some portion of them, we have tended to raise profitability. And we have units that clearly need more work there. And we have units that are doing very nicely there. But we expect all of them to work to improve their efficiency. And we don't think we're anywhere near. And I would add a couple of things there. I guess is first of all, in-sourcing and on-shoring is becoming an interesting fad these days. It's a fad that we started doing seven years, eight years ago. We fully intend to continue to do that. And so – and we believe we have gained significant efficiencies in doing that. At the same time creating some nice employment in the United States. At the time we started this we had 3,200, 3,300 people in the U.S. On a constant basis without acquisition we know we've grown 700 or 800 people, jobs if you will, because we have in-sourced and on-shored those types of things. And secondly, through the acquisitions we now have about 7,000 people in the United States. And we know that we have saved jobs in the U.S. by doing that. Turns out that looks like a good thing to have done. We thought it was a good thing to do, because it's good basic business. But we think it's a good thing too.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. Well, we've talked about it over the course of the year. But it has not picked up as much as we would have hoped. That is, we lost some significant amount of business early in the year. And we – basically there was a contract, a dual contract with one of our larger customers. And that contract changed. We still have a dual contract. So we still do business with that customer. But a more significant portion of it – when it was first done we thought there would be significant losses this last fiscal year. Turned out not to be the case. So we were – we did better than we expected last fiscal year. And then we expected significant growth this year on top of that. What happened is we lost business. We've still grown. But the net effect of that has been about a 4% constant currency growth rate. Having that would be fine, if we hadn't thought it was going to be 10%. That's not the right exact number, but it's close to the right exact number. And so we thought it was going to be more a like double-digits. So we invested ahead of that, which you need to do in service, because you have to train people, get things up to speed. You can't take business if you can't perform it in a service business. And so we had beefed up our costs in order to be able to perform that double-digit growth increase and we have not seen it. We believe that business has continued to grow. We believe it will continue to grow. So we don't want to turn around and lay off people who we will need in our future after we spent money and time and effort training them and putting them in place. So we're keeping that infrastructure in place and we will grow our way back to the levels of profitability we expect. At a high level, that's the conversation. It has taken us longer than we expected. And we've said that we expect the outgoing rate to get back to kind of our normalized levels at the end of next year. Our original thinking was it would be more like the end of this year or first part of next year. So it has taken longer than we expected, but we fully intend to do it. And in terms of the future, we like the business. We think it is a good business. We think it fits very nicely strategically with the Synergy HSS business and we intend to move both of them across the pond. That is, more of the IMS business over to the European areas and more of the HSS business to the U.S. And we think that is a long-term good thing to do. It's just going to take time.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. I wouldn't characterize it as a whole lot different and still the improvement is from a not such good level, is the short answer. But we have seen Europe specifically has not – or has kind of held steady. Now, EMEA, Middle East has still continued to be very difficult. And so big drops there, but we seem to have kind of bottomed out. Latin America, again, we seem to have kind of bottom out. We haven't seen big increases, but we're – the falling has seemed to stop. And then our Pacific business actually seems to be picking up. So we do feel a bit better about it in that it's not continuing to fall, but the currencies have continued to slide, and which – when the euro and the pound fall 10% versus the U.S. dollar, it makes it more difficult to sell that product overseas, and even what you do sell is at a lower price and lower profit typically. So that has – the actual business environment in those nations I think have improved, but the currency issues make it harder. And when we talk about the effect of currency on profitability, the piece that doesn't get picked up in, I'll call it, the accounting ledger is the business you don't get anymore, because your costs and prices have gone up. So it's still – currency has clearly put pressure on our O-U.S. business.
Walter M. Rosebrough: But the issues are not, I would call it, significant operational issues. They are getting licenses and getting permits that, I'll call it, the not so unusual things that happen when you're trying to bring new facilities or expand facilities. So it's modest timing change, not anything that significant.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. The mix question of large projects versus replacement is an ongoing moving target. And we think of our traditional mix of roughly two-thirds replacement and one-third project, but it runs as high as 70% or 75% replacement at times and as low as 50%, 60% at some times. 50% would be a low number, but 60% would be not unusual. And Project orders tend to be lumpy and replacement orders tend not to be. So there is some movement in that, but we had seen a fairly strong temporal trend toward project the last 9 months to 12 months. This quarter happened to be balanced at almost exactly our rates. Our incoming orders were one-third/two-thirds almost on the number. And since we shipped some large projects and those came in, we've moved back toward a more normalized level of replacement orders. Those tend to ship more quickly, which is one of the reasons we feel the fourth quarter will be strong. And then in terms of the go-forward question on CapEx, all of our leading indicators look steady. And so we have not at this time seen any significant "wait and see", but there's a lot of turmoil in Washington these days. We will see how that turmoil works out. But at this point in time, our leading indicators do not suggest a pullback.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. On the first question, I hope I was clear. I think if what we think is going to happen in this quarter happens, we will be finished with the – there's always going to be some little divesture here or there. But with the work that we anticipated doing with Synergy, we should be finished with that. So we would hope that's behind us and finished. On the capital allocation we do not have any change of view on capital allocation. Again we don't tend to change our dividend policy. So that's the first point. The second point is we fully intend to fund organic growth in the business, because that's the safest and surest growth to continue to generate high ROICs. The next piece, we look at tuck-in type acquisitions. We have continued to look, and we've actually done some, even this past year, while we were doing those other things. And then we intend to continue to pay down debt till we get to what we consider our more normal levels. And then finally if there is other significant potential cash available, we would consider buyback. So that is our – that has been for some time now, since we did the Synergy deal, that's been our approach. And we haven't change that view.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. We mentioned that in the comments. And just to point out, if it occurs in this year, the revised revenue guidance will fall slightly. And we gave the numbers earlier, $15 million to $20 million the top line, and then the bottom line should have no significant effect.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. By definition it has to pick up a little bit to get to the 4% growth rate, but it is just a little bit. And we think we are being conservative kind of across the board in terms of our views, largely over the consumable things we talked about earlier, recurring revenue things we talked about earlier. We have not seen delays. You are correct, it could happen. But nothing in our current window suggests that we're going to see that. So at this point in time we're holding with the forecast. It is essentially the forecast we expected for the year. And it is clearly more North – it's we have more North America and less O-U.S. But other than that it's essentially the forecast that we expected. And the backlog is sitting there to – for the bulk of it to ship. We do not historically see cancellations in the backlog. That is a – I mean it happens upon a rare, rare occasion. We do sometimes see push outs. But cancellations are really, really, unusual.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. I mean I was specifically talking about the – I'll call the IMS piece of that business, which we – where we've seen declines. And we expect to get that IMS piece back to that high single digit. The balance of that business we're, I mean, changing significantly by exiting the Linen business. But partially that will depend on the investments we continue to make or we make to work to grow that pace of business. So that one we're not doing a forecast per se. Now coming back to the Northwell question. Northwell has – as you know has been delayed for building purposes. They continue to be delayed. And so that is not something we will see revenue on the near to intermediate term. I do not expect to see revenue in the next fiscal year for the Northwell.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. I'll address the Sterilmed question. We have been working with Sterilmed. We're in essence a contract reprocessor for the Sterilmed business. And there have been a number of changes in that businesses as we have moved forward. And so we worked with Sterilmed to do a couple things. Find ways to improve the cost structure of the business, working together and sharing the results of that – of those savings. So we do expect to see our profitability in that business improve significantly the next little bit. So that's the answer to the first question. The second...
Walter M. Rosebrough: I wouldn't characterize a significant market share change. We do think two things. We work to continue to convince some customers that they would be better served to outsource that work, as opposed to do it themselves. And we have seen a little bit of that. We have seen growth in the space, and just underlying growth in the space. And then we've also seen that we have continued to do a nice and nicer job with the global manufacturers, which is one of the things we expected to see. And so I suspect that we are picking up some share in the global manufacturers, vis-à-vis either their own or local processor. So I think it's a little bit. But I wouldn't characterize any of those as 3 points of share. It's half points or quarter points collectively over time.
Walter M. Rosebrough: I would say just to follow-on, we have said almost since the time we purchased Synergy that AST appears to be stronger than we expected. We still feel the same way. It's being masked by the currency in Europe. So the legacy Synergy part of the AST business doesn't look as strong as it really is. But on a constant currency basis, they are doing nicely. And we expect that to continue. And we expect the efficiencies to continue and probably be more than we are forecasting at this point in time.
Walter M. Rosebrough: No. I mean we have good competitors across the board in all of our – every space we compete in. They're solid competitors. But we don't see I would call it a radical change across the broad spectrum or – there's always some little thing going on. One of us has a new product. And the other one follows with a new product later, those kind of things. But I would call it as a generalized set of competitors. We have good solid competitors in all of our spaces. And we are a solid competitor in all of our spaces. And so I haven't seen what I would call it a significant shift any place.
Walter M. Rosebrough: No. I don't think we would do that. We know there were slowdowns. We know we were – we know we slowed down. We know that there were shutdowns. We can't do a one-to-one correlation. And we know we're picking back up. So that's what we know. But to quantify that directly would be very difficult.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah. No, I would just agree with you that we are achieving the full benefits from the Synergy Health combination as Walt has outlined. Just like to add that we have and we will continue to focus on additional tax planning strategies and opportunities as we go forward. As Walt said, there is some uncertainty and that does cause us a little bit of a delay in some of those tax planning strategies. But overall, I agree with Walt. The mid-20s% is about where we expect to be.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah. And then, Larry, on the reconciliation to help you versus – EPS versus our prior outlook, it's actually two components. About a third of that reconciliation is due to the higher tax rate. And then about two-thirds is really due to the underperformance that we're ending Q3 that as Walt talked about, we do not believe we will make that up in the full year. Although we will have a good fourth quarter, but not good enough to make up that shortfall. So that's the two components to help you with the reconciliation.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Jason. For breakout between fixed and floating, we are moving from – and I'm going to do this on a pro forma basis, as if the funding would have occurred at the end of December. At the end of December, we were at a 44% fixed, 56% floating. With the new multi-currency private placement funding, that will move us to 63% fixed and 37% floating. And then, from a capital expenditure standpoint, we have lowered that a little bit. We are thinking it's now more in the $170 million range versus the $190 million range. And the bulk of that is what Walt talked about. Our AST projects have just slowed down a little bit. We ran into some issues. And that is just going to move into next year. We will spend it. It's just going to cross fiscal years.
Michael J. Tokich: I'll give the rates. So for the outlook for the quarter using December 31 forward looking rates. We anticipate that all four of the major currencies that we track and follow and that impact us will have further declines. So we have the Canadian dollar at $0.74. We have the euro at $1.06. We have the peso at $0.047 and the pound at $1.24. So all four of those are continuing to slide versus where we were in the third quarter.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah. I would say that with a full year of the combination with Synergy and STERIS, we are north of $300 million. Our goal would be at least to increase cash flow on the net income increase going forward. And then from a working capital standpoint, I think we still have some opportunity in both the receivables, the DSO collection side, and also in inventory. I think those would be the two opportunities we would continue to press going forward.
