Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everybody. We appreciate you taking the time to join us to go over our fourth quarter results. As usual, on today's call I have with me Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO; and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. I do have a few words of caution before we open for comments from management. This webcast contains time sensitive information and is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation those risk factors described in STERIS' securities filings. Many of these important factors are outside of STERIS' control. No assurances can be provided as to any results or the timing of any outcome regarding matters described in this webcast or otherwise. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS' SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income, constant currency organic growth and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures that may be used from time to time during this call and should not be considered replacements for GAAP results. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision making. STERIS' adjusted earnings per diluted share and segment operating income exclude the amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations, acquisition related transaction costs, integration costs related to acquisitions and certain other unusual or nonrecurring items. To measure constant currency organic revenue, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and acquisitions and divestitures that affect the comparability in trends and revenue are removed. We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities less purchases of property, plant, equipment and intangibles, net capital expenditures, plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant equipment and intangibles. Additional information regarding adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth and free cash flow is available in today's release. Also, we will be posting supplemental tables on our website this morning that provide the product mix breakdown within our segments for your convenience. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Walt.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Walt and Mike, for your comments. Jamie, if you would please give the instructions, we can get started on Q&A.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. This does conclude our Fourth Quarter call, and we look forward to talking to you again in August.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Larry, I would say, in terms of the approach, first of all, obviously, some of the businesses that we divested were disappointing to us. They were not in our strategic wheelhouse anyway, and they were doing not as well as we expected. So for both short and long-term reasons, it made sense to make those divestitures and let someone else do with them something that, probably better than we could. And so that clearly impacted our last year. In terms of, I would say, forecast going forward, we forecast, as we always do and have, as we do bottom-up forecast in our business units, we also look at the top to see if it makes sense to us vis-a-vis what's going on in the marketplace and we look at those two things in concert and we put out the forecast we think is a reasonable forecast. We do, on the one hand, want to stretch our people and our operations to do the best we can. On the other hand, we obviously don't want to put forecasts out there we don't meet. If we look at it in total, I think we've done a pretty decent job of that. Last year was obviously a disappointment.
Walter M. Rosebrough: The answer is, of course, yes. The kind of the classic questions around capital, both forms of capital, Life Science and Healthcare. Life Science tends to be a little bit lumpy. This year we have more confidence going into the year in that we do see that pipeline and we have a very good backlog. So probably we're a little more comfortable than normal on that side of the business. On the Healthcare side of the business, again, this question always comes up with the pipeline out there, how are things looking particularly in the United States? So far, we have seen continuation of the trend we've been talking about for a year or two; that is it's not growing rapidly, but we continue to see a reasonable pipeline, it's up a few digits, if you will. And we have continued to see that. I would say we've seen kind of particular strength on the project side of the business; that is people who have made strategic decisions to put steel in the ground or to refurbish major parts of their facilities are continuing that at the pace that we have been seeing. And we haven't seen significant changes on the replacement side of the house as well. So it looks like a continuation of the future. As you all know, there are a lot of things up in the air right now in U.S. health care, the way it's going to be reimbursed, what happens with the Affordable Care Act, and so we're all watching that carefully. But we've not seen any indication from our hospital customers that they are pulling back on capital spending at this point. And in fact, you've seen a number of announcements by the for-profit side of the world about how they are going forward with strong capital spending.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, we agree with you. The weighted average of the current business is stronger than the weighted average of the business last year. I think it goes without saying we were obviously over aggressive in our forecast last year. We didn't meet that forecast and we did take that into account when we looked at these numbers. I would not call this an overly conservative forecast. I think it's a reasonable forecast and we intend to hit it. But clearly we were over optimistic last year. But I agree with your standpoint. If we had the same portfolio that we had last year, we would be guiding even lower than we are today.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure. First of all, we do get modest price increases in that business over time and those are long-term contractual increases. So we do get modest price increases; that's a small portion but the other side of that is indeed a combination of market growth. And you have to remember on the device side, devices, particularly implantable devices have been under some significant price pressure the last several years. And in that space, we count volume is what drives our business, not so much the price, the end user price of the business we're an, ever, an infinitesimal piece of their cost. So we tend to ride with volume, not with their end market prices. And I do think over time that we have picked up some share predominantly from some of the smaller players in the marketplace.
Walter M. Rosebrough: No. I would say not at all. Those are our rank order priorities. They were before the deal and they continue to be post.
Walter M. Rosebrough: You know, I would say there's a couple – there's different components of that. And clearly the euro/pound impacted our European business on, including currency basis. On a constant currency basis, we do see growth in that business, the traditionally European business. The – what we have historically called the IMS business, or the instrument repair portion of that business, which is largely in North America, has seen some nice growth. And you know this past year we lost a pretty significant chunk of business from a couple of customers. And as a result, our growth rate was not as high as we expected. But even with that loss we still had reasonable growth rates for the year, mid-single digit growth rates. We are toning down our view of that a little bit. When we did the acquisition, we were saying high-single to low-double digits. We think that market has matured some in this past several years, and so probably more in the mid-single to maybe a little north of a mid-single. But in that range of mid-single digits, as opposed to what we have historically said in terms of our outlook.
Walter M. Rosebrough: The answer to the question is we have signed outsourcing contracts, both in the U.S. and the U.K. Those contracts in the U.S. have tended to be, or have all been I should say, inside the existing facility as opposed to building a center and doing what the, you know, kind of the traditional European outsource. We have also signed additional contracts, both in the U.K. and in Europe, and so we have brought contracts on board. Some of those were, as I've just described, inside the facility. Some of those were re-upping historic contracts. And some were we anticipate building some facilities or putting facilities in place or refurbishing facilities, it is going to require capital. The other one that we've obviously talked about a fair amount is Northwell. And we continue to expect that to go, but we intend – we expect that to happen next year, not this fiscal year, in any significant revenue way. We do have capital in our forecast for new facilities, a, we have capital for the Northwell facility, and we have capital for some other facilities, but we would not expect any material revenue at this point for this current year.
Walter M. Rosebrough: And Chris, I would add, we have introduced a number of new products in that space the last year or so, both on the steam sterilization side and on the hydrogen peroxide sterilization side, and particularly hydrogen peroxide I think is gaining ground in that space, so I believe that's a part of the impetus to the growth. So there's the pharma market seems – our piece of the pharma market, the vaccines, the biologics, tend to be strong and a lot of the consolidation seems to be kind of past us, if you will, in terms of plant consolidation, to the point Mike made, but we've also had some nice products to go into that space.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah, Chris, I would say at a high level, as you know, the international volumes the last year or 18 months, have been weak relative to the U.S. volumes. And we do expect – we have seen in the Pacific Rim an increase in our business and we do expect that to continue in our forecast. Latin America has been weak. We believe we're seeing a bottoming out of that, so we may be seeing a bottom and maybe a bit of an uptick. In Europe, we've actually held nicely over this period, but the Middle East, which we put the Europe and the Middle East together, the Middle East has been down radically is the only right term, and so the European business has not been able to offset the Middle Eastern portion of that business. We, in our forecast here, we do expect growth in the European business too, so we are expecting to see better growth in the O-U.S. business than we have seen the last year or so. Now, I'm talking about the Healthcare Hospital side of the business, not Life Science and AST because they've experienced nice growth globally all during that period.
Walter M. Rosebrough: We don't get into detail of the numbers at that level, but clearly our profitability fell in that space as we lost some business and we had invested in front of gaining what we thought was more business. And so what is going on is the cost that we've invested are catching up – as we grow the revenue, the revenue is catching up to the cost. And that's the principle improvement. We do think if we can grow the revenue as we anticipate this current year that we will see the profitability ending the year as we've described. So that's really the issue. We do not expect significant cost growth relative to the revenue growth we anticipate.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes. Services is not as lumpy as Capital. It tends to be more stable, but there are a couple of components of Service in the Life Science space as well as the Healthcare space that are. We do a large amount of installation service and so obviously when we sell equipment, we get that installation, so if we're off in, off on the sale of the equipment, maybe in the same quarter or maybe in the next quarter, the timing differs depending on when the project was shipped and installed. But it is lumpy along with the Capital business. We also have a fair amount of business, particularly in the water stills that we sell in Europe, where they basically are refurbishing a water still and so they will get significant, and these are pretty significant orders, they'll get orders for parts that runs through our Service business. It's really a refurb, if you will, of that equipment and so our parts sometimes are lumpy because of that.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, the short answer is we think there are some opportunities for R&D. The – couple of different issues. As our U.S. Endoscopy business grows and our ORI business grows, those businesses are more R&D intensive than some of our others. So that – those two businesses, as they grow as a overall percentage, rise – raise our overall level of R&D. The second area is when we're doing R&D projects, the end of a project has a number of expenses like prototypes and market testing and all those things where you get a spike in R&D. And we do have a number of projects that we expect to enter that phase this year. And so we will see some spike there too.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, just walking through the high level, the cost reduction as a result, or cost synergies, if you will, are on track, and if anything, are better than we expected in total. The – I'll call it the strategy and market position, which is the principal reason we did it, both in the AST and the HSS side, we feel very good about that. I've been, I guess I would say on the AST side, I am more positive than I was going into it. On the HSS side, we always knew that there was going to be some – that would be a long-term revenue increase, and we still think that's a long-term revenue increase. But it is going to take time. It's a nascent business in the U.S. So, I don't feel better or worse about that. Clearly, some of the – I'll call them ancillary businesses, the businesses that neither – Synergy had always described that they would be exiting the laundry business if they could in an appropriate way, for example, but the – I'll call them the ancillary businesses that came along with the Synergy acquisition, they were not performing as well as what we had hoped. And that's why we accelerated the disposition, because we felt it made sense to – again, to put that in someone's hands who thinks it's strategic and will do a nice job with it. And that's not an area we wanted to expend resources. And, when we got into it and saw the work that we would have to do in some respects, I'll call it, for lack of better terms, the regulatory and finance work that we would need to do to handle Sarbanes-Oxley, and to handle some of the regulatory issues that we have in the U.S. that are not present in Europe, that we felt it was wise to accelerate those as opposed to spending the money to turn them into those kind of compliances and then spin – and spin them out. So we accelerated that. That was a little disappointing, but not strategic in any way.
Walter M. Rosebrough: I would definitely not characterize Brexit as a non-issue. I will say the – there's – the plus and minus for us in terms of trade, the preponderance, particularly in the Synergy business, is local service business. So there's not a trade barrier kind of issue there because it tends to be done inside of the individual country. So that, from that standpoint, Brexit is largely a non-issue. Now the historic STERIS business, we do have facilities in France and facilities in the U.K., and we trade across boundaries, not just between the U.S. and France and Finland for that matter, but we trade across the world from those facilities. So how trade is handled between the U.K. and everybody else is not trivial to us. We care. It's not a huge piece of our business, most of our manufacturing is in the U.S. So at a high level kind of those are the answers. The real issue for us, probably bigger than anything, is currency fluctuation. And currency fluctuation is relevant to us, particularly since in those Service businesses both the cost and the revenues are in currency, if you will. And as a result the profits fluctuate directly with the currency when you translate it back to U.S. dollars. So that is relevant to us. Again, if you have a basket of currencies, if they all move in concert with the U.S. dollar, we tend to be fairly – it changes our revenues but it doesn't affect our profitability that much. But if any particular currency moves, it can have an impact.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes, Larry, you're right. CapEx is up a little bit year-over-year. And also we are anticipating another about $20 million of cash expenses related to acquisitions and divestitures. So if you take our free cash flow, add the $20 million, we're just over that $300 million mark on a little bit of an increase in our CapEx.
Michael J. Tokich: And I would also add, Matt, that you know, from a profitability standpoint, the divestitures had put a lot of pressure on that segment. And you have seen, with the removal of all of our linen businesses, you're starting to see that uptick of profit in the right direction.
Michael J. Tokich: Yes. Part of that was – remember, we don't allocate all of our costs across to all of the businesses. We withhold a portion of not only the Defense Industrial business but also other costs related to legacy pension, post-retirement, board expenses, Walt and my expenses. So it was just a timing issue on that. For the year we've seen a slight increase in our expenses for some of those items, especially with Synergy Health on the pension side, which we are holding at the corporate level.
Michael J. Tokich: Certainly. As you know, Chris, the majority of our customers in that are the pharmaceutical facilities and the research institutions. And we have continued to see very good growth coming out of the pharma side as they get back to I'll call a more normalized growth trajectory. So a large portion of our orders are coming from the pharmaceutical side. And as we continue to talk about, obviously, Life Sciences tends to be a lot more lumpy from a capital equipment shipments and when we don't ship that, it automatically falls into backlog. Their products are a lot more highly customized and a lot larger in volume. So really, a lot of it is just timing. We saw capital shipments down, but we are experiencing very good order growth rates, in particular on the pharma side.
