Michael Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our third quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 1.4% driven by 130 basis points of favorable price and 10 basis points of organic volume growth. Gross margin for the quarter was up 110 basis points to 44.2% and benefited from productivity, price and acquisitions. EBIT margin for the quarter was 23.6% of revenue, an increase of 250 basis points from the third quarter last year, due primarily to higher gross margin attainment and lower operating expenses for travel, sales and marketing, and compensation due in part from the business disruption from COVID-19. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 18.4%, somewhat lower than anticipated due to favorable discrete items. Net income in the quarter grew 20% to $149.2 million and earnings increased to $1.73 per diluted share as compared to $1.45 per diluted share in the prior year. Our balance sheet is a continued source of strength for the Company. Our leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter is once again a below 2 times as we continue to pay down debt post the key surgical acquisition. Considering our cash position of $253 million, access to available credit lines and a low leverage ratio, we are well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. During the third quarter, capital expenditures totaled $53.8 million, while depreciation and amortization was $56.8 million. Free cash flow for the first nine months was strong at $337.7 million, an increase of almost $100 million over the same period last year, primarily due to improvements in net income and working capital, somewhat offset by higher capital expenditures. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt for his remarks.
Michael Tokich: Yes. So Chris, this is Mike. Obviously, we are very proud of what we've accomplished this year from not only an earnings perspective, but also from a free cash flow standpoint. Although again as we are not giving guidance, the rest of this year, we hope to give guidance, I would think in the May time frame for the new fiscal year. But one of the other things that you got to be cautious about is, as we do, adjusted earnings on the P&L standpoint, we do not do adjusted free cash flow. So as we continue with acquisitions, especially the integrations and the cost of those integrations, especially around Cantel, we're going to be spending a significant amount of cash to get those cost synergies; so I'd be just cautious. If you were to back out and start doing an adjusted free cash flow, I would agree with you that it may be time to look at our step-wise change, but since we do not report that way, I would just be cautious of how you look at it.
Michael Tokich: Yes. Certainly, Mike. And we've been, I'll call it consistent, if you will, all year surrounding this. And the makeup of that is, as we have put employees on furlough, and when I mean furlough, they're not doing anything for the Company. So they're just off completely. So we've taken the opportunity to capture those costs. Also we've been able to get some government reimbursement for those folks at the same time. So we're netting that cost into the adjustments. In addition to that, we have had to put in some training tools. We've done some enhanced cleanings, some different protocols that we've also done in our facilities across the globe. We've made some modifications to our buildings. Obviously, these traffic patterns have changed -- has changed. So all those costs surrounding that is what we're capturing and we're identifying separately as the COVID incremental costs as we're adjusting those out. To date, we're about just over $20 million for the first nine months. And that has significantly dropped from the first quarter levels and we anticipate it will continue to drop as most if not all of our employees are back to work. And recall, we were also very proud that we did not have to lay off anybody. This was our intention of keeping our folks whole and when our customers were ready to come back to work, we were there right alongside with them.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, you know, a great question. In my experience, there's always something going on and usually something big going on in the life of companies. Whether it's an opportunity, an acquisition, a problem, a crisis. There's always something going on. So the question really is, what's the perfect time for a transition? And the perfect time in my opinion for a transition is just before a successful CEO is ready to go. And just after the incumbent CEO is ready takeover. That's the perfect time for a change and that's where we are right now.
Walter Rosebrough: We're generally on track with what we thought with Key Surgical. The timing of the transaction, we're happy to get it done in November, but that's right before the Thanksgiving holidays and the Christmas holidays. So, actually we, I think we said to do about $15 million and we beat it by a bit. So we're pretty pleased there.
Walter Rosebrough: Sure, Larry, I think I sort of answered the first part of your question already. I do think, again, there's always significant risks, opportunities, whatever in the life of a company, that's the beauty of it, by the way. That's why CEOs work 50, 70 hours a week is because there's always something going on. There is too much to do all the time. So there's no perfect time in my view as it relates to that. Having said that, the right time is again well, I'm still very active, very engaged, love what I'm doing, but see the end. And when Dan is ready, and he is little more than ready, he's probably little anxious to get us out of here. But the short answer is that, I think, is the Key -- is the timing of the person leaving and the successor. Now having said that, if anyone who knows me, knows that I'm not going to retire today. I'll be in there 60 hours a week until July 29, and they'll be lucky if they can get me out of here in less than 50 hours a week for the several months after that. I love what I do, love the business. For the last two or three years, set of purposes [ph], I've been giving advice not driving the business anyway, but people of this -- senior management team of this business is extraordinary. And they don't need a whole lot of help, truth, and people like Dan and Mike, and the people who work with them are more than capable of doing this work. I mean, truth, the matter is I've hardly been involved in Key, because Dan has pretty much taken that on. I've been more involved in Cantel for semi-obvious reasons, and I had historic relationships there. But in terms of implementing the work, I haven't been implemented for quite a while. So these guys are perfectly capable. I use guys in the both sexes, a term, by the way, third of that is female. So, I'm serious about using it in the -- in the sex-neutral term if you will. But these people know what they're doing and they will do a great job with or without me. Dan, I'll turn the second half to you.
Walter Rosebrough: Then Larry, I'll take the free cash flow. So obviously, very strong free cash flow for the first nine months of the fiscal year. And as I stated earlier, the combination of increases in net income and working capital improvement specifically. When I'm talking working capital improvements, we've seen fantastic efforts across our business in the collections of our outstanding AR balances. And actually have a DSO has once been down about two days for the third quarter. And we've continued to see improvements in those collection efforts throughout the whole year. And that's on top of elevated inventory levels, which we continue to maintain surety, supply and level. So if I look at longer term, obviously, I don't know if the levels of AR collections will be this good sitting here next year, but obviously the opportunity for us is to reduce the inventory. So hopefully overtime, we continue and should continue to improve our free cash flow position. As far as our capital expenditures, year-to-date we're up $11 million compared to where we were at this point last year. We anticipate to continue to spend at elevated levels, not only for the rest of this year, but also as we look out for the next couple of years, specifically around our continued expansions into our AST segment. We spent roughly $100 million a year over the last couple of years on those expansions. And sitting here today, I would guess that we would continue to spend a couple of $100 million at least annually for the next couple of years going forward.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, Chris. On the healthcare capital side, we've talked about it a bit probably less than we could have or should have. And the number of new products we have in this space right now is very, very strong. Virtually everything in our surgical line has been refreshed in the last 12 to 18 months. Yes, booms, lights, tables, ORI, we have several new products that are in the infrastructure space, they're all doing nicely. So Surgical is clearly the operating room, what we call Surgical is, the operating room is very strong right now relative to last year. And IPT continues to be just an extraordinary piece of business on the capital side. So between the two -- and I would say, although we had, and still have a little trepidation about capital spending, when things -- when hospitals tend to pull back a little bit in capital, one of the last places, they tend to pull back is with the surgeons who generate the income for the hospital. So we have traditionally, and that pulled back as hard as some other areas, when things go bad. That means we don't jump up as much when things get little bit better. But I think it's a combination of, there was a little gap, when there wasn't so many orders. I think there are -- they seem to be back to "normal" at least in our space on the Surgical and IPT space. So I would say at a high level, that's it. And I'll let the other guys talk about the cash flow question you asked.
Walter Rosebrough: We'd be $12 million to $15 million over last year and $12 million or $13 million over the best year we've ever had. The best spot we've ever had. And then the second question, sorry.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. As you know, our typical pattern is kind of 60-40. We have been a little stronger heavier, would it be right terminal say in terms of the big projects recently. But in order for us to have record order months and record backlogs, they both have to be chugging along. So, it is running much more like normal than it was, for example, six months ago.
Walter Rosebrough: That's a lot of moving parts, and so -- that is a lot of moving parts, the -- obviously, the areas that have been very strong have tended to be toward our higher margin product. So there has been a bit of a mix effect. And as we ship more of the capital, and as we do more of that, there will be some, I'll call it mix effect, but as you know, we don't plan on keeping our cost to same level ever. And so we are working to reduce costs on which we pass on through lack of price, increase to our customers, some of which we take to the bottom line. So that's one set it makes us and then. As we bring the other businesses on board, it depends on which parts of those businesses are coming in. There is a natural mix effect, but on the other hand, given the level of synergies that we see, we think we will be offsetting that. So, we think that, if you were to look at it in a pro forma basis, if you will, how those businesses all look today and add them together, the margins are going to go up, because we're going to take more than $100 million out of the businesses that are coming on board. So we feel very good about that. And you know from our long association that I only care about growing profit dollars. And as long as we can go profit dollars, double-digits, that's what the team's mandate is. And if we happen to -- the margin happens to go up 10 basis points or down 10 basis points, I was going to sleep over it. But in the end, it's pretty hard to grow revenue at high single digits. And margins, and then profits at double digits, unless we grow margins. And that's our mandate.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. I think, Mike, pretty much described it, just to be clear, those furloughed employees are all paid 100% of their base pay. And so the governments of the world depending on which part of the world they're in, make up some portion of that, but never all of it. And so that's been the cause. And that's really the most significant cause that we have captured. And in most cases where there is -- and certainly when there is government subsidy, it's absolutely clear that they cannot do anything, while we're -- while they are on furlough if you will. And we have taken that approach on anyone who we have captured, and this is that they are absolutely not working, and absolutely being paid 100% of their pay.
Walter Rosebrough: Tell me, if I comment on that, that's 8 to 12 is kind of what we think senior executives should have. And it's a heck of a lot easier to save money. If we all have 8 to 12, and we don't have 4 extra Chiefs running around. And so that's been a hallmark of one of the ways that we operate efficiently is virtually everyone on my staff, virtually all the time, except, by the way for me right now. I'm also on vacation. I think I have three or four left, but everybody else is 8 to 12, and that's just kind of the way we operate.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes -- it's still too early for any real news there. We're going through the process and determining the various countries, we do or don't need to file in and then getting those files. And so, it's way too early to comment at this point.
Dan Carestio: Yes. Thanks, Walt. What I would say is Larry, since we started the process with Cantel, Mike Tokich and I have led virtually all the diligence efforts in terms of research and working with the leadership of Cantel to get to the synergies we drive. And I know that we're very confident in our leadership team and their involvement that diligence process as well and we're ready to execute once we get through the proper regulatory processes on that deal. In terms of the timing as a key opportunity here for STERIS is to look at the broader integration of Key and STERIS and Cantel, there is some -- some real synergies between the three businesses that we believe will play out in the future. And we're well down the path already in terms of integration, as it relates to Key Surgical and we're confident with where we are and the performance of the business. And our management teams have done roughly 50 deals over the last six, seven, eight years, right. This is the -- I don't want to stay another day in the office is the big deal, there is no doubt. But we did a pretty nice job with these exact teams working on synergy on the integration of that fairly large deal five or six years ago. So we're confident in our senior leadership's ability to execute on this deal and continue to be successful for STERIS.
Dan Carestio: Hi, this is Dan. I can tackle the AST question first, if that's the case. So we are getting some benefit right now in terms of COVID-related [indiscernible] like testing kits and swabs and things of that nature, clearly are high demand and frankly everybody with a 3D printer these days is making swabs for test kits right now and those need to be sterile. In addition, we are seeing an increased demand from bio manufacturers, syringe manufacturers and those involved in supplying components into the manufacturing process for vaccine as well as significant growth in what we would categorize as bioprocesse, sterile disposables that are used in pharmaceutical manufacturing. Those have been on a strong growth uptick for number of years, but that has been accelerated by the demand vaccine production. Now having said that, we're still seeing less than normal demand from our core medical device customers, especially those that operate in the realm of more elective-type procedures. Things like orthopedics and spine and things of that nature. So much of the core business has still been a bit suppressed in terms of normal growth rate [ph]. And we believe those a return to normalcy if you will, that will more than offset the short-term impact of some of the COVID-related benefit. Now having said that, vaccines aren't going away. I don't anticipate seeing any slowdown and use of bioprocess disposable business or any of the packaging or materials going into vaccines in the future. So we think that will sustain at a pretty high level.
Dan Carestio: Well, the margins are a function of really utilization and scale of our global footprint. And as the plants right now are pretty full, we're dropping through it pretty strongly on the revenue that we have. We've got a number of expansions coming in line, but those are metered out over time where I don't foresee that having any significant impact on the overall margin rate of AST.
Dan Carestio: Okay. Thanks, Matt. And thanks for the challenge. So, what I would say is, I think we've talked about and you stated as well, on a year-to-date basis, our life science, consumable business is up roughly 25% give or take. And what we're seeing now is a little bit of pullback in terms of, as our customers burn off some of the -- the inventory they built early on in the early phase of the pandemic, when there is a lot of concerns about of supply. And we made it a point at STERIS to serve our existing customers in pharma and never deviate from that and sell outside of market to make sure those folks knew that we would have those validated chemistries as demand continue to rise as they got into vaccine. In terms of an actual percentage of how much is going to vaccine, it is impossible for me to say. And the reason why is that many of the vaccine manufacturers are also have been long-term large customers of STERIS that use our product from a bioprocess cleaning perspective in their normal day-to-day production of pharmaceuticals and biopharma. So it's not as if we're tracking down to the shop floor level as to every application of products go into. What we know though is that we are getting some uptick from vaccines as our customers sort of refocus in that area especially around COVID. And we believe that will be a trend that continues. In terms of the beta-bag products, that's a sterile transfer product that has an integrated lift and isolators. It's not something we do. We are in the space of sterility maintenance and sterility assurance. As it relates to bioprocess, no doubt with our carrier product solution group of products, and those have continued to do very well since the beginning of the -- they've done well, since the time of acquisition actually, but they've done very well since the pandemic really started and those products are up in the -- and has stayed fairly consistent in terms of their growth as opposed to slowing down as we've seen in the chemistries piece. Specifically on the chemistries, we have mainly two offerings there. One is what we call critical environment products and those are disinfectants and sterilants that are largely used in either aseptic manufacturing process or highly regulated clean rooms for pharma manufacturing. Now, not a lot has changed in terms of their application with COVID. There is just more application as it relates to increased vaccine production. And then the other large portion of our consumable business is what we would call bioprocess cleaners. And those are chemistry used for cleaning out the actual biopharma equipment used in the manufacturing process. So in between production runs, they assure they have the highest level of purity in terms of how they treat their machines and stainless steel in the process.
Dan Carestio: Matt, I'll take that first question about the impact of, so when we made the adjustment in the first quarter for the ORI [ph] deferral, we are starting to recognize that revenue as it is shipped rather than on install. It was about -- it was about $15 million uptick in revenue in the first quarter. And throughout this year, we really -- we've gotten rid of the backlog, if you will. But last year, it is still reflected in the backlog, and if you look year-over-year, there is about $12 million in last year's backlog. So if you need to adjust last year's backlog, if you want a true apples to apples comparison, if you do that, obviously we would be at an all-time record. But that's why we're near our record backlog, because of that impact.
Dan Carestio: Yes, Mike, this is Dan. I do think that we are experiencing some of that effect. And specifically, I mean we had really tough time, the sales reps getting access for three, four months, give or take. And just that, don't ever underestimate the ability of the sales organization's ability to sell and being present is very important. So I think there is some catch-up in those numbers. But generally speaking, when we talk to customers and hospital systems, there is a concern about the surge after the surge. And that is, what's going to happen with all these backlog surgeries that are elective or semi-elective once we get back to a normal steady state in terms of COVID and operating. So I think that's also helping us in terms of the sustainability of the capital backlog and the orders, we are seeing.
Dan Carestio: Yes. Sure, Michael. Thanks. So in terms of backfill, I would say, no, not in the existing role, I would not expect us to operate going forward with the COO. And in terms of my direct reports, currently I have eight or nine give or take right now. And what I would say is, it's likely with the acquisitions coming in and some change in roles within the organization, that's the number of direct reports I have on the commercial side of the business, we'll consolidate to some extent under leadership that we have in place. So I would expect that [indiscernible] indirect report, whether that's 8 to 11 or 8 to 12 or something like that. But I think over time, we'll sort of transition to something that looks more like that.
Matthew Mishan: Hey, good morning, everyone. And Walt, I think, you are leaving, but it's been a real pleasure seeing the evolution of STERIS over the last 5, 10 years, and congratulations. So, in honor of you leaving -- I'm going to ask some tough questions for Dan. And...
Matthew Mishan: As an initiation, so, Dan, if you average out the last three quarters for life sciences, consumables, it's about 25% growth off a pretty good base which is good. But I guess it's just, it's just hard to believe that new vaccine demand is only up 25%. Can you give us a sense of like the mix of life sciences, consumables tied to vaccines. And then also when and where are your life science consumables typically used in production in comparison to -- and I know, it's always been a tough comparison to getting it, I think it never really works out, but to the beta bags, to clarify for folks trying to make a connection with their 70% order increase.
Matthew Mishan: Yes. And how should we think about orders versus shipments? I mean, obviously, our hospitals are obviously still dealing with the COVID-surge. And are they placing longer-term orders? Are these -- are these orders in which they are still now and replacement.
