Julie Winter: Thank you, Kaylin, and good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to welcome you to STERIS's Fiscal 2012 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. Thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. As usual, participating in the call this morning are Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO, and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Now just a few words of caution before we begin; this webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today, May 8, 2012. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the express written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. I would also like to remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements related to the company, its performance or its industry that are intended to qualify for protection under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. No assurance can be given as to any future financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even if events make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied in this or other company statements will not be realized. Investors are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company’s control. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in today’s earnings release. As a reminder, during the call we may refer to free cash flow, backlog, debt-to-capital and days sales outstanding, all of which are defined and reconciled as appropriate in our most recent 10-K filing. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike. 
Julie Winter: No, that’s fair, Bob. Given that we’ve continued to install over the last several quarters, we would anticipate to see that ramping. 
Julie Winter: Thank you, Kaylin. This concludes our conference call. Thanks, everybody, for joining us and we’ll talk to you next quarter. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: You know, Jason, Infection Prevention and Surgical both had a pretty good year. And capital bounces a little bit so it just so happens they had a bit stronger quarter. That quarter versus the Surgical side. But in general, there’s a general growth rate but also our newer products. V-PRO specifically had a very nice quarter and we expect it to grow significantly over the course of the year. And we have a number of new products on the plate that we’ve introduced and we are introducing that we think will improve that. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes, that is correct, Bob. We’re excluding the U.S. SYSTEM 1 and 1E portion of revenue in both fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2011, and that would have been 4% growth. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: No. The only indication we’ve given, Bob, every quarter we’ve you the decline of the combined S20/S40 consumable volume. We will not give a specific number, though. Although we tried to give you an indication in '13 about how big that decline is going to be so you can understand the hurdle that we’re going to overcome. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes. We have seen - I’ll bifurcate two components. The first is what I’ll call ongoing or routine capital spending. That has continued, I will call it routinely, you know roughly flat, maybe slightly up. And from what we are hearing from hospital CEOs and the people who determine capital spending, that’s kind of the path they’re on right now. In terms of large projects, as you know we look out at large projects several years in advance. We’re working on projects several years in advance because they are building projects and we’re seeing a similar trend. It’s actually the number of projects are down slightly but the size of the projects have grown such that in total it’s grown slightly. So in terms of market we’re kind of looking at that low single digit to mid-single digit growth of market and then we add on top of it some of the new product entries we expect and that’s what gets us to that number. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, Europe has been as you know under pressure for a good long time. The good news for us, and I’ll take first about balance sheet issues. The good news is we don’t have a lot of receivables or business in Greece, Portugal, et cetera, what I’ll call the most severely affected countries. We do have a good business in Spain, Italy, France, so those countries are under pressure and we’re watching them closely. We clearly have seen reductions in the spending levels of what I’ll call the traditional Western European countries, but conversely we’ve seen pickups in some of the again traditional Eastern European countries in the Middle East. So when you pull it all together, we are seeing pressure, but not as bad as the newspaper headlines might suggest. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes, Mitra, almost all of the - it takes a while to put these things in place. We’ve announced one of them and have started doing work on a fabrication center here in Ohio, that will really not be coming up to speed until late this calendar year, so we’ll see a little bit from that one. The other things we’re working on will be put in place the back half of this year and the first half of next year, so we won’t see much of any of those savings in fiscal '13, but we do anticipate it then, but we don’t see any significant numbers in '13. We would expect to see that result in '14 and beyond. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Chris, there will be some, I would call it very modest continued decline next year, but it will not be significant and we think it will be overshadowed or more than overshadowed by improvements that we’re making that is costing us money in terms of the up-time reliability. So the answer is, yes, there’ll be some modest reduction, but not something we don’t think we can overcome. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well in general, I’ll step back in the way we look at it. First of all, we are in, our use of cash is first to invest in the business, and we clearly knew we were going to pick up our capital spending this year, as we just spoke about. Our next component is dividends, and we’ve discussed kind of what our thinking is on dividends. The next two components, in rank order of business development that adds to our business, we mentioned an acquisition, actually we’ve made a couple of them this past 12 months to 15 months, and we’ve been picking that up. We do have a number of things on our radar. One never knows if those are or are not going to close, but that’s certainly something we’re taking into account. And the fourth is stock buyback, and that’s clearly something that we continue to watch. We did buy back a little over $50 million last year, and it would not be surprising if we bought some back this year. 
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, we take a longer term view than that. In fact my criteria is more, I would call it strategic based than financially based in terms of, I like things that are right next door to me. They’re a product that I can put into my current markets. Or if I go to expand into a different market, a classic example, the Biotest that we just talked about, that unit has shares - they do something different than our Isomedix folks, but they share the same customer and the work precedes the work that Isomedix does. So we believe our channel can improve their revenue generation. That’s a classic example. The converse is when we bought Sercon in Brazil we have a series of products that are very much like their series of products. Theirs are more specific to the Latin America market and they have a channel that expands on the channel we had in Brazil. So one way or the other I’m looking for something that people use different terms for it - tangential, tuck-in. Words like that and that’s my very first criteria. Secondly, we would probably take some dilution in a very short period. We don’t expect to take dilution for long periods as a general statement. And certainly our #1 criteria is really the internal rate of return that we generate on the products or on the acquisition. So we manage it for cash. So that would be the criteria. 
Michael Tokich: Excuse me, Bob. I should add that, that backlog would have been at the end of the year, not current. Sorry, Bob. 
Michael Tokich: Bob, Julie misunderstood the question. She was speaking specifically of S40. S40 and S20 have been on a ramping decline, and I don’t happen to know off the top of my head if that rate changed significantly. But the endpoints that we have been describing, kind of all along, that being in that 30% to 40% percent range of sterilant is still in play. 
Michael Tokich: That is actually what is going to be lost year-over-year in fiscal 2013, as compared to 2012. So remember, in 2012, especially at the beginning of the year, we still had a large percentage of retention on the 1E, specifically the S20 business. That obviously is going away, as the first half of this year, as August 2nd deadline comes due. So we believe that’s going to be about a $10 million negative impact on revenue. 
Michael Tokich: Hey, Mitra, if I could just add, for the full year, our total company growth in Europe was 5%, so it - that rings true to what Walt just said. 
Michael Tokich: Yes. In contrast to that we’re actually able to offset basically a little bit more than those investments that we’re making from a capital expenditure standpoint through some improvements in working capital, specifically in our accounts receivables and accounts payable balances is what we’re looking at from a planning standpoint. So even though it looks a little flattish, there are positives and negatives going on. Again, we are spending a little bit more, but we’re actually able to offset that spending even a little bit more than that and still say flattish. Now, if you exclude the rebate program and class action lawsuit, we actually are showing a bit of an uptick, Chris, in there which is probably more relevant. And gain, we’re assuming that the remainder of the $69 million of liability is all processed and the use of cash will occur all in 2013, fiscal year 2013 as those two programs come to an end. 
