Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Austin, and good morning, everyone. As usual on today's call, we have Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO; and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. I do have just a few words of caution before we open for comments from management. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those risk factors described in STERIS' securities filings. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS' SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth and free cash flow will be used. Additional information regarding these measures, including definition, is available on today's release, including reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Mike and Walt, for your comments. Austin, if you would give the instructions for Q&A, we can get started.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: I'm sorry. I'll add one more thing that mid-teens margin is, obviously, not reflective of corporate allocation.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, everybody, for taking the time to join us this morning. And we look forward to seeing many of you out on the road in the next few weeks.
Michael J. Tokich: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our fourth quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue growth was 5.2%, driven by volume and 30 basis points of price. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue for the quarter increased 70 basis points to 42%. Gross margin was impacted favorably by product mix and price, along with a 60 basis point improvement from divestitures. Currency had an unfavorable impact on gross margin of 60 basis points. EBIT margin at 20.5% of revenue for the quarter represents a 20 basis point improvement. EBIT margin expansion was limited somewhat by a 12% increase in R&D spending, a hiring ramp in our North American IMS business and higher corporate costs which are partially attributable to a higher bonus attainment percentage year-over-year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 21.4%, somewhat lower than we had anticipated due to favorable discrete item adjustments mostly relating to U.S. tax reform. Net income in the quarter grew 12% to $105.8 million or $1.24 per diluted share, benefiting from organic revenue growth and the lower effective tax rate. Segment growth has been detailed in the press release in both the tables and the copy. In terms of the balance sheet, we ended March with just over $200 million of cash, $1.3 billion in total debt and a debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of just under 2.1 times. As we forecasted last quarter, we took the opportunity to repatriate approximately $83 million of cash during the fourth quarter, primarily from Canada and the UK, which was used to pay down debt. Free cash flow for the year was $294.3 million, a 15% improvement year-over-year, mainly due to higher net income and lower requirements to fund operating assets and liabilities. During the fourth quarter, capital expenditures totaled $51.9 million, which was the highest we had in any quarter this year, while depreciation and amortization was $44.5 million. With that, I would now turn the call over to Walt for his remarks.
Michael J. Tokich: And Dave, we have consecutively – 12 years of consecutive dividend growth. And obviously, as Walt said, we will be looking forward to possibly 13 year of consecutive dividend growth.
Michael J. Tokich: Yeah, Dave. This, this year we actually had some, especially in the quarter, was a little bit lower than we anticipated as we did have about 60 basis points of unfavorable FX impact in the gross margin, which got us down to 42%. And as we talked about, we did see nice improvement all year, and part of that was because of the divested businesses and we actually had that at 42.2%. And as we normally do, we strive to improve not only gross margin, but we also strive to improve the leverage we have in our business from an SG&A standpoint. So in total, our thought process continues to be that we will continue to expand EBIT margin as we have stated in the past in our normal 50 basis points to 75 basis points in that range going forward. So yeah, we would expect to continue the margin improvement.
Michael J. Tokich: And Matt, just to add to your question about the capital investment, the ones Walt is talking about and referring to, those would be 100% owned, operated, our capital going into that business, and then we would sell the service associated with that. So, no joint ventures at this point in time, other than obviously Northwell is a joint venture and Vmed (30:00) is a joint venture.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: We would argue, all things being equal, we haven't made that decision. We do look at it each and each board meeting, and we make decision in each board meeting. But note, we would expect to raise our dividends in line with earnings growth over time.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah, I think, a cat on a hot tin roof, once burdened, is a little cautious. And so, if you go back two years ago, we moved to 6% as the top end of our guidance range and we didn't perform at that level. So, I think we're going to watch this a little bit. And we're very pleased to be 5-ish this year. And of course, we'll strive to be 5-ish or as well as we can above that next year or this coming year, I should say. But at this point, we think 4% to 5% is probably a prudent place to sit.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yes. I mean, obviously, if we're getting $10 million this year and $50 million over the long term, it's a little bit of time before we get there. So, you should be thinking about months and years, not days and weeks in terms of that timing. That's the first point. The second point is, again, as we said, we will be losing money actually in that space this year in these new projects, not in total, but in these new projects, we'll be losing money this year. And that's normal for us when we're starting things up in any of the business where we have significant expenditures, AST or HSS type businesses. But we do expect to get to reasonable margins relatively soon and, in the long run, to nicer margins.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: The trick for both, us and you, in forecasting that is how many new ones come on as the other ones grow. You may remember if you go back in time, in AST, when we were much smaller in AST, every time we added a new plant, had an impact on the margin rate. Now that we have 60 plants, we can add four or five without hardly noticing, if you will, because some are maturing as others are coming in. We'll have some of that phenomenon, if you look only at the U.S. business, how you look at it on a global basis, it will even out, much like it does in AST.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Sure. I've given up on timing. So if you were to take any timing, you want to pick and you're likely to be as good as me. But if you step away from the timing question, we do have a pipeline of things that we're working on. I wouldn't characterize any of the segments as radically different in terms of their possibilities. And just when I think one has no possibility, something pops up in that segment. So, I don't feel radically different about any of the segments. It is clear, we now have a much broader portfolio and we're putting that portfolio together in different ways, and we have opportunities, if we will, sometimes between those segments. And so, that creates more opportunity. And we've also, as I mentioned, broadened our horizon a bit to look not just at tuck-ins, which we pretty much gone to inclusive tuck-ins post the Synergy deal, and moving more to thinking about extensions, if you will, as opposed to what I'll call clean tuck-ins.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yes. We're 75%/25% recurring revenue, if you will, versus capital now. I don't know of any reason to suspect that we would be radically different in particularly the tuck-in side of the equation. If there's a newer opportunity, then it will depend on the nature of that business, obviously. And we do not have a gross bias for or against any of those segments. In my view, capital which does tend to have maybe a little bias in the marketplace, but capital is consumable, it just takes a little longer. And in some sense, there's more opportunity there because if you can reduce the life of the product, you actually have more opportunity; if you're a consumable, the life is one use pretty much. And so, we do not have a strong bias there. And the other thing I would add is our service business, which is a very nice recurring revenue business in both Life Sciences and Healthcare, is there because we have – in the large part, because we have this capital business. So if you don't have the capital, you can get to the consumable side of that as well. So, we don't have a strong bias.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah. I mean the statement is correct. And if you take our capital business last year, which was slightly below flat, and move it into the higher range, the math, if you take last year's math, the math would suggest something higher, no question. Now, we did mention we had a couple of segments that were just on fire last year. And as much as we would like to believe that that fire will continue raging at the same speed, we are a little cautious about that reoccurring. And there is a couple of places where we know that there was a little – I'll call it, just a little more than normal growth. But generally speaking, I would put it on the side of caution of going over the top of that 5% level very much.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Sure. On the capital side, it's really a twofold issue. There's what's going on in the market and what we're doing about it. The first is, we had a long period where there was very little capital equipment spend in the pharma business. And since the bulk of our business really is related to the pharma side, for that matter, a dearth of research too, which is a smaller component. And research is not dissimilar, but pharma has clearly increased our spending and we happened to be in the spaces where it's pretty attractive to do that. There was a lot of consolidation going on and people weren't adding plant capacity. They're now increasing capacity and/or replacing equipment, because of, for lack of better terms, pent-up demand from not having done that for a long time. So, we're seeing kind of a double positive going on there as it relates to the biologics and vaccine type businesses that we support. So, that's really the driver from the market side. And clearly, we've seen that in the marketplace, in general. In addition, our guys have done a really nice job in product development and, specifically, around the vaporized hydrogen peroxide space. And that has really played well for us as they are building that capacity, because a lot of the new space does require a VHP-type application. We've done a nice job on the other, the washing and the steam sterilization as well, but I would say, in general, that's the driver.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: We have never had the good fortune to be walking in the wilderness by ourselves in any of our product lines. So, we have good competitors in literally every space we work in. We do tend to be one of, if not the largest player in most of the spaces we work in; not all of them, but most of them. So yeah, there's plenty of competition. And you have to remember that pharmaceutical business is a global business, in general, and more for us than some of our other spaces. And so, there are multiple competitors around the globe, too.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah. I think if you look at mature components of the business, those mid-single digit or mid-double digits are appropriate numbers to consider at the business unit level. And so, that's really clear. So, I do think that is the case. However, in the short run, you have to work your way up to that, particularly in this HSS business or the outsourced reprocessing center business. It will take a little bit longer, because we have the capital infusion and the people infusion. And we do rely on getting productivity over the course of time to improve those margins as well. So, it will take a bit longer to get to maturity, and as I mentioned earlier. So, it really will depend on how quickly it grows. It's the kind of good news/bad news story. The faster it growth, the longer it will take us to see, quote-unquote, ultimate margins. But the flipside is, the greater the long-term potential is.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Sure. Great question. And particularly in capital, it's always a game of moving parts. I would say, first, in general, in-patient, everyone is working to reduce the length of stay or the patient days on the same amount of surgery. So, the procedure volume and patient day volume actually for the last 30 years hasn't matched up, because we have shrunken the number of patient rooms over the last 30 years by 20%, 25%, at the same time, we've grown procedures significantly. So, it is indeed clear that when hospitals report patient days, that's very different from when they report procedures. The second issue you raise is in terms of where those procedures are going. Clearly, we are seeing more and more of those procedures going into an outpatient setting, whether that be a hospital-based outpatient setting, or whether it be an ambulatory surgery center or other procedural center, like a GI center, that may or may not be on the hospital campus. And in very recent time, the last year, year and a half, we've clearly seen a significant expansion in that ambulatory setting. Again, it seems it go in cycles a bit. If you kind of look back over the last 20 to 30 years, there have been two or three cycles where ambulatory surgery centers grew very rapidly relative to hospital operating rooms, and that seems to kind of be going on right now. But in the long run, it tends to sort of work its way through as hospitals put their own "outpatient centers" either in the building or in another building where they can capture their customers. But we do see ambulatory growing relative to inpatient, if you will. And then what happens is you'll see a phenomena where you get two or three significant procedures, like when we start seeing heart, lung transplants, where even though it's only one procedure, that procedure takes six hours. That's very different from one that takes 30 minutes. And so, it's not just procedures, but volume of procedures and we watch those phenomenon.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yes. We don't get into that level of granularity, I'll call it. But I will say, all things being equal, we prefer to bring new products and services into businesses where we have channel and where we have expertise. So, that would dominate our thinking in each of the major segments and then moving, I'll call it, another half step out, as we do with US Endoscopy five years ago is, I'll call it, the secondary in our thinking. But clearly, we've done that a couple of times in a significant ways when we moved to the IMS business or HSS business, instrument repair business, that was clearly a next step adjacent move. We like the move because a big piece of that business is very much in the Central Sterile Department, where we're already strong. Even though we feel that it's best to have separate sales forces and separate service forces for that right now, it was still a customer set that we highly understood and had a great deal of presence in. So, that's the kind of thinking we will look at. Same with GI, obviously, we're in GI in the cleaning and care side of GI for the long time, 20, 30 years and we moved more into the specialty procedure products to assist the GI procedures. So, that would be the kind of thing we would be looking at.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: On our manufactured product, which is I think the areas that you're really talking about here, 55% of our business now is service. So, a lot of the input variables aren't as, we want to call it, the inflation in those variables, it's all about labor more than materials. And so that, if you think about what labor costs or prices are likely to be doing in the next couple of years, you would have pretty good indication. On the product side of the business, there are significant inputs. And it's fairly typical, I would guess, of manufacturing type of it is in (36:38) 50% to 60% of our cost is raw material. And it depends on how much we're in-sourcing versus how much other people are making for us. And so, it varies by product line. And we are seeing a little pickup of inflation. We're seeing a little bit on the nickel and steel side. Obviously, the work going on right now, it's difficult to predict what is going to happen to steel prices the next a little bit, depending on how we handle trade. But we don't think that will be a significant number or barrier for us. So in general, we are seeing a little pick up, but it's not something that we're losing sleep over at this point in time.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yeah. Our product development function does look at two components. The first is, are there things that our customers can use in current products we have. And the new V-PRO is a great example of that. It is hydrogen peroxide sterilization and they've had hydrogen peroxide sterilization for a while. But what we're giving them is a more rapid approach to sterilizing certain things. So instead of taking a half hour, it takes 15 minutes kind of thing. We're also giving them less aborts from some technology we put into the system, so they don't run half a cycle and waste the hydrogen peroxide and have to redo it, plus that they lose the time. So, the question is, is that – we view that as meeting customer demand and we think most of our products in the capital equipment side should have something like that happening with them in the five- to seven-year timeframe, because again if you want to reduce the average life of the product, you have to give people a reason to do something different, that's a true value to them. Then there's a flip side, where we have a product from nowhere, if you will, a new product to the universe. We have more of that in the US Endoscopy side of our business than other places, but we have a number of products that are those kind of products. But again, in terms of, I'll call it, percentage basis, we're probably 2% or 3% to 1% (39:22) to the product improvement side, type of new product to the kind of first-to-the-universe product.
