Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. As usual, on today's call we have Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO, and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. I do have just a few words of caution before we open for comments from management. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those risk factors described in STERIS's securities filings. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS's SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per diluted share, segment operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth, and free cash flow will be used. Additional information regarding these measures, including definitions, is available in today's release, including reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: A $2 million to $3 million loss this year with investments of $10 million in total, including R&D and in the (20:32) space.
Julie Winter - STERIS Plc: Thanks, everybody, for taking the time to join us this morning, and we look forward to seeing many of you as we get on the road this fall.
Michael J. Tokich: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, everyone. It is, once again, my pleasure to be with you to review the highlights of our first quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue growth was 5.3%, driven by volume and 80 basis points of price. Gross margin for the quarter increased 10 basis points to 42.3% and was impacted favorably by price and divestitures, largely offset by the impact of currency changes and our investments in outsourced reprocessing. During the first quarter, we adopted a new accounting standard relating to the classification of retirement benefit plan costs. The new standard reclasses components of benefit plan expenses between operating expense and non-operating expense. While this change has no impact on net income, it does have a negative impact of about 20 basis points on EBIT margin in the prior year, which has been recast in our press release and financial tables. Reflecting that change, EBIT margin for the quarter at 17.9% of revenue, representing a 40 basis point improvement. EBIT margin expansion was limited somewhat by our investments in both our IMS business and in R&D in our healthcare products business. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 16.8%, somewhat lower than we had anticipated due to the benefit related to stock compensation expenses. We continue to expect the full-year effective tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22%, as our first quarter tends to be lower than the full year. Net income in the quarter grew 17% to $85.6 million or $1.00 per diluted share, benefiting from revenue growth and a lower effective tax rate. Walt will cover our segment performance in his comments momentarily, but I do want to point out that we have changed the way we report segment operating profit to align with how we manage the business. As a result, similar to many of our peers, we no longer include certain corporate cost allocations in segment operating profit. We have provided a recast of fiscal 2018 quarterly results in our financial tables within the press release to assist you with this reporting change. In terms of the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $218.5 million of cash and $1.3 billion in total debt. Free cash flow for the quarter increased to $75.8 million, mainly due to improvements in working capital and the timing of capital spending and the increase in net income. During the first quarter, capital expenditures totaled $27.7 million, while depreciation and amortization was $46.9 million. And finally, our Board of Directors approved an increase of $0.03 in the quarterly dividend to $0.34 per share. This increase aligns with our capital allocation priorities of growing our dividend in line with our earnings. This marks the 13th consecutive year of an increase in our dividend. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt for his remarks.
Michael J. Tokich: Matt, you are correct. So when we did our 4% to 5% revenue as reported in constant currency organic revenue guidance, we assumed that we would exit this contract, so it is already included in that, so it is not an additional headwind.
Michael J. Tokich: Hey, Matt, I'd just like to add also. We have started to secure buildings. We actually have started to spend capital on some of those projects. And obviously, we've also started hiring people, which is one of the reasons you are seeing a year-over-year decline in the segment operating income for HSS. So we are moving forward.
Michael J. Tokich: So, Jason, the divestures that we're talking about in Healthcare Products are affecting our Consumables business, which is why you're seeing as-reported revenue decline. But as Walt said, our organic revenue is growing mid-single digits. So that's about the issue there. Then from a profit standpoint, that business was much smaller. It actually incurred a little bit of a loss in the first quarter last year. So that is what's impacting also on the Healthcare Products operating income standpoint is we have a slight loss there from last year.
Michael J. Tokich: And, Jason, we do have $2 million or over $2 million of R&D expenditures there that we signaled that we would continue to increase R&D spending in particular in that segment, and that is going to be a little bit lumpy over the year, but we definitely are still anticipating to see higher R&D expenses for the year.
Michael J. Tokich: No, John, not really. The biggest issue we talked about in total was the R&D piece in spending, and that does hit, if you will, SG&A unless you break it out separately. But no, nothing out of the ordinary that we would say has caused us any difference in what our views have been or would have been.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: In terms of the rationale, a lot has changed versus the original thinking of that contract, and so that's point one. Point two, Synergy did that. And part of their rationale was to help them enter the U.S. market, and so it was not a profitable situation. And so there's no reason for us to need to do a non-profitable situation to help entry into the U.S. market, so I think that at a high level explains it most carefully.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: A three-part question there, I think, I'll try to get to them all in one time. As I mentioned, we're not at a point where there's any significant revenue coming from the ones – we do ORC work, but the ones we've talked about, newer ones, there's no significant revenue coming from those. That's the first point. We have said and continue to think that it will be the back half of the year when we start seeing revenue from those operations. I don't think we have any significant change in our views of timing or process, if you will. If anything, my experience is all projects like that tend to lag a little bit. We've tried to incorporate that in our forecasting, but if anything, they tend to lag what people's point estimates generally are. I guess the last thing I'd say is, we do continue to have customers discuss with us the idea of doing this, and I don't see any abatement of that conversation. I think I've hit everything you asked, but if not, I'm happy to take a follow-on.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: We see a lot of deals, and I would say the preponderance of the deals that get shown to us are not for us, just because they don't fit our strategy. But in terms of things where we think it would fit our strategy or may fit our strategy, then the question is price, and then there are two different issues. One, what is the timing of those things? Is the seller interested or not? And then the question is, what is the price that either the seller or, if it's an auction type situation, is the price more than we want to take a look at? And that has occurred the last several years. We don't win everything that we try to get. But we're reasonably successful. If it fits our strategy, we're reasonably successful at making it happen. The timing is the more difficult one. But at today's valuations, it does sometimes push the envelope in terms of whether or not it makes sense to us financially. So we've seen more things we think are a little pricey for us than we would like to do than let's say four years ago. And then secondly, we are seeing a pickup I would say in the pipeline. We're seeing more things than we saw six or nine months ago, I would say.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: A relative loss, not loss of profit last year. It was not a highly profitable business, but it did make money.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: And the timing of that was – they happened to have a particularly good quarter in the first quarter of last year relative to their history. This was the HCS business we divested. It was not a particularly profitable business, but they had a good first quarter last year.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: That segment is pretty profitable, but year over year as we see capital shipments pick up, we've got $40 million of increased backlog. As that ships, you will see profitability improve.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Yes, if you look in total, our raw material costs are up a bit. And it's the tariff-driven that we've already discussed plus a little bit on the petroleum side. The things that are related to petroleum are the two biggest factors that are driving it. And we have been able to get a little bit of price, and so that has helped it. But predominantly we have offset those cost increases with productivity increases in the plants, either through design or through labor productivity.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: I don't think I'll comment on division of responsibilities per se other than Dan will have full line responsibility for those operations, so he will take a more active role. The fact of the matter is, he had line responsibility for half the business already, so this adds on the balance of the pieces of the Healthcare business that he did not have. But more as a magnitude, that's the principal division. In terms of improved performance, it does allow me to do some other things both inside the operations. It's not like I will leave the operation. As you know, I'm an operator, and so there are things that I am working on personally in that space and will continue to. And then on the other side, it does allow me more flexibility of M&A and doing some things internationally than I would have been able to do otherwise. But I wouldn't expect a major, some major significant change here as Dan is picking up more of that responsibility and I will be shifting some of my work to other areas. But generally speaking, he was doing half that as it is. And the guys who are running those businesses that are reporting to him all know what they're doing, and I wasn't managing them minute to minute anyway.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: You're correct in all the question. We don't see anything significantly changing in Life Science. And so the capital shipments clearly is a matter of timing, and that tends to be lumpy. But we also see variations in timing on the consumable side and we think we've seen just a little variation in timing. We don't see a significant change in our go-forward look. The pipeline, if you will, looks consistent. So it's just one of those – the quarter was a little slower than we might have expected, but we don't expect that to carry on into the future.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: On the capital side, we don't – I mean no is a big word, but we have so many shipments scheduled that we are highly, highly confident that that one will reverse its situation.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: First of all, as I've mentioned before, it used to be if we did an expansion, that highly affected the profitability, particularly if it was a significant expansion of the unit, but that's when we had eight plants and expanded one. So it's 16% or 12% I guess of the business. Now we have 60 plants. So when we expand one or two or three, it does not have that kind of material impact, so that's point one. We have expansion, we will continue to have expansion we think for a long time, so that is built into the process. There may be some variation if we're building a particularly expensive plant. But other than that, we see that as normal. I will also remind you that there's a lot of capital on those plants, so it does have to make very nice margins to have good ROICs. But having said that, these are nice margins, and we have no reason to believe that they're not sustainable.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: We haven't seen a significant change in replacement versus project. It is strictly a matter of when orders come in, when customers want the deliveries, and when our factories can deliver them. So you put those three things together, that creates the differential between order rate and shipment rate, which is backlog. And it just so happens we've had a pretty strong set of orders the last two or three months, some of which were the customer doesn't want them for four or five months and some of which our plants are running pretty heavy. So we cannot add a whole lot more shipments at any given time. So it's a combination of those, but it's purely a timing question. But it's clear the order rate has picked up the last six months or so.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: As you know, our number one priority in spending money once we pay our dividend is to invest or reinvest in the businesses that we currently operate in. There's no question that is the highest returning process as long as we have a good place to put it. And so we have ramped up R&D the last several years. Some of that is a function of the mix of the products and businesses we have. Operating room integration, which is the fastest growing area in the surgical space over the last couple years, is a high R&D spender. It looks more like computers than it does patient room equipment, if you will, or something like that. So it is a higher R&D spend, so that has increased it. But we also have seen some opportunities we think for new products in the space, and so we've ratcheted up our R&D spend. And one of the things we've done is, just like we believe in insourcing of manufacturing, the more we can insource our R&D work and/or to invent things instead of buying things that other people have invented, the better our returns are. So we've continued to add to that muscle in the business, and I don't see that stopping.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: I would say there are two groups of investments in that regard. We do, I'll call it small project outsource work, and those returns are very rapid. You have to invest up front, like all services, and hire people, train people, do all those things, but they start returning pretty nice margins in three to six months, so it's a relatively short turnaround. Now, when you talk about building a new ORC and staffing it and staffing management and all that, that's a longer-term return. As we've mentioned, those businesses will start out the first several months losing money, and then they'll turn into breakeven and then relatively low profitability. Over a couple years, we will get to what we would call steady-state margins for that particular facility. So those are longer-term returning investments. We have a mix of both in that business, so you'll see a spread between those. And then the second piece, not unlike AST, once you have a facility in place and if you gather more customers for that facility, you might have to make some incremental investment in equipment or something and a few more people, but you don't have the all-in fixed costs that you do there. So as you fill those out, you also increase the profitability of the centers. But because we're in a startup mode, not unlike what we were 15 – 20 years ago on AST, we will see lumpiness in those returns as we add new facilities.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Several questions. Clearly, our medical device business across the board had a nice last three months. And so we live off their work, so as we see more procedures and more devices being implanted and used, the better off we are, and clearly we reflect that. Secondly on price, we do get modest pricing improvements; that is, typically our contracts in that space are three to five years. Probably now between 80% and 90% of our business is on contract, and so that is built in. But again there are, I'll call them for lack of better terms, inflationary type cost increases or price increases. So we do get some price increase there. In terms of the input costs, no question, we are seeing pressure on labor costs, and labor is a big piece of that business. So labor costs around the world, as you know, are increasing, particularly in the U.S., and so we do see that pressure. But on the other hand, we're working on productivity. So we try to offset as much as we can in terms of labor cost components with productivity. Those are probably the biggest components that I would mention. I'm trying to think if I've hit all of your questions.
Walter M. Rosebrough, Jr.: Sure, Chris, good to chat with you again. First of all, in terms of, I'll call it the general industry backdrop and not necessarily competitive, I'll come back to that one, I think many times people look at healthcare and all of the changes that do occur and more importantly all the changes that are discussed, all the potential changes that are discussed, and we forget this little detail that healthcare is still built on the concept of first do no harm. So it is appropriately a highly regulated careful industry in general. So even though relative to healthcare there are rapid changes relative to many other pieces of the economy, they're pretty small changes. So I have found in my own experience in the last 30 years or so dealing in this space that we move more like a battleship then we do a PT boat as a group. And there are changes. The changes tend to occur when governments change things, significant reimbursement changes or significant approaches to things. But even then, things still tend to turn relatively slowly. That's point one. Secondly, from a competitive space, there have been a number of changes. There are businesses being purchased and businesses being bought and different players in the space. But generally speaking, we work in a highly competitive environment in medical devices. The R&D and barriers to entry are very different than they are in the pharma space, for example. And so being in a very competitive environment all the time and having price pressure from our customers all the time, particularly if you are not in the physician preference space, which we generally aren't, that has been the way of life for this business for 35 – 40 years, not 35 minutes. And so I don't see a radical change there. We clearly have seen more consolidation in the space that is. And as you know, the larger companies in healthcare have typically – and med device now I'm talking about, healthcare in general too I guess, the larger companies have tended to consolidate. But that is a continuation of a long-term trend, that's not something that's brand new. We often see both vertical and horizontal consolidation in the business. Sometimes it continues and sometimes it stops and reverses. Again, there will be a lot of change. But in terms of our space and our competitive space, I don't see those radically or having radically changed the past. But now at a high level – that's the high-level thing you asked for. It's very different business unit by business unit by business unit and it's different between AST and healthcare in general. There are fundamental differences between those businesses. But the things we've talked about or I've talked about here are characteristic across the board on all those businesses, in my view.
Mitra Ramgopal: Yes. Hi, good morning. Walt, I was just wondering if you could provide a little more color in terms of the increased R&D spending on the healthcare product side in terms of some things you think you probably need to offer as you look ahead in terms of growth opportunities.
Mitra Ramgopal: Okay, thanks. That's great. And also on the investment theme, you talked about focusing somewhat on outsourced reprocessing on the HSS business. And I was just wondering the timeframe in terms of investments there and when you expect to maybe start getting some returns on those.
Mitra Ramgopal: Okay, that's great, and finally, Mike, just a quick question on the share repurchase. It seems like it ticked up a little this past quarter. I was just wondering how much you have available on the share buyback.
