Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you Keno and good morning everyone. I have just a few words of caution before we open for comments from management this morning. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Our 10-K for fiscal 2015 and our subsequent filings with the SEC identify certain risk factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made today. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. Our SEC filings, including the 10-K, are available through the company and on our website. During the review we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to the underlying performance of our operations. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered separately from or as an alternative for, and should be read together with GAAP results. Tables reconciling these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available in the schedule accompanying the press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website. One last reminder before we get started, because of our pending offer for Synergy, STERIS is bound by the U.K. Takeover Code, which places restrictions on what may be said by STERIS in this call. In particular, only information and opinions which are already in the public domain may be discussed. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you Walt and Mike for your comments. We're now ready to begin the Q&A session. So Keno, would you please give the instructions and we'll get started.
Julie Winter - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thanks everybody for joining us. This wraps up our first quarter conference call, and we'll talk to you all soon.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah Matt. You've described that correctly. Both of those – just as the math happens to work out, both of those were over two-year periods. And roughly half in each of the two-year periods. So you're exactly correct. And so half for both of those which are roughly $10 million would be about $10 million – $10 million each would be about $10 million this year. And we think we're right on our plan there. Clearly the SYSTEM 1 plant closure or the Hopkins plant closure is a later in the year project. So one is more ratable over the course of the year and the other is much more heavily rear-end weighted. But we're dead on our plans.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Well, first of all, R&D spending is often lumpy. And the nature of it as, particularly as you kind of get toward the end of a project, there is a number of expenses that kind of come rushing in. And for example – project expense where you're building prototypes and things like that get pretty expensive. So some of it is, I would call it, just purely timing. But what we have invested significantly in R&D in our operating room business, pretty much across-the-board. We have new tables, new lights. We're doing a lot of work in the integration space. Now it'll even go up with, in both VTS and in Black Diamond. And we believe those investments are good long-term investments for the business. And so it just kind of happens that the quarter was a little higher than we even expected. But we don't see the year being higher than we expected. It's just the timing of the expense.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. First of all Matt, we've clearly seen pharma consolidation in plants. And it depends on what part of the space that you're in. Now, I'm going to break pharma from research to discuss it first. But on the pharma side, we've seen consolidation and continued consolidation in pharma for quite some time. And we did see kind of a bottoming out of that reduction, I don't know, a year-and-a-half, two years ago, when we talked about it at that point in time. We haven't seen continued significant reductions, there is lumpiness. We're expecting a very strong quarter next quarter so I think you'll see kind of the opposite of this view. And for the year, we're expecting kind of a flat line performance for the year – up a touch, but generally flat. So that's point one. In terms of others, it's very hard to get a handle on that because many – in our types of equipment, many of the competitors are local manufacturers. And you may recall that it was not so many years ago where we were losing a lot of money in that space and we decided to quit chasing after jobs that were not profitable. And so we purposefully took a reduction in share at that point in time to go after places that were interested in doing high quality and paying for the work that they were expecting. And we've been quite successful with that. I don't think that we've, since that point in time, when we made that decision, I don't believe that there's been a significant share loss. We do have some new products in the vaporized hydrogen peroxide space, and so we've probably had a little lag here the last little bit on that and we expect to see more of VHP product going out in the future. So that's the pharma side. On the research side, that business has really collapsed, if you will. And it is quite small at this point in time. And we're just not seeing a return to the Life Science side. You are right though, we do like the spaces we're generally in, in Life Science. And you see our consumable business just keeps growing significantly there. And in the long run, once we get through kind of these consolidations of companies, and as a result, factories, in the long run, that means they are going to invest in factories. So that's a good thing. But we continue to see the growth coming on in the consumable side.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure Chris. We do see a lead lag and unfortunately it's not uniform. Between what sales are, not so much on the service side of that business, but on the device volume side. So if you watch device volume globally – high-end device volume or devices that have to be sterilized volume globally, we will tend to track that. We lead in lag based on their expectations and how they build inventory and don't build inventory, and how their hospitals build inventory and don't build inventory of these products. And sometimes they get it right and sometimes they get it wrong. Over long stretches, six months, a year, we will tend to track that very closely; over short stretches, it varies. And then the other thing that causes it to be, again, somewhat not as uniform as what you might expect, is our pricing tends to be fairly stable in that business, so we go up kind of with inflation kind of numbers. And so our prices are a little more stable, whereas sometimes they get very strong price increases because they bring in new products, which is typically the way devices get strong price increases. And then sometimes if they have less new products, or they're having GPO pressure or whatever, they may not get the prices. So where volume – if you're talking strict volume, unit volume, as opposed to revenue volume, which has some price effect. And often, new products pricing is buried in revenue volume, because it's a new product so it doesn't have a historic price. If you can kind of work through that, then our volumes or our volume growths tend to be very similar to the global medical device growth. So that's kind of a long answer to a short question but that's how we typically see it.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. We think, as we've said before, kind of in general across our business kind of mid-single digits is what we're expecting to see in that business in general. And naturally, we hope to pick up a little bit in price and a little bit in share. And so something in that mid to maybe on the high side of the mid. But I don't think we're expecting anything like double-digit growth in that area.
Walter M. Rosebrough: No. I would say that there's nothing material in sales and marketing expenses, other than those that track with new products and will be captured in kind of R&D – the R&D side, the front end of marketing. But from the back-end of marketing and sales expenses, we don't see any significant changes.
Walter M. Rosebrough: We are extremely pleased with the business we now call IMS, which is both surgical and scope repair. And as you guys know, we've merged several companies together, five companies over the last three or four years, to build that business. And it's built quite nicely and doing quite nicely there on our profitability improvement targets. Probably the biggest risk we had in our planning or thinking about that business, it was not whether the revenue is there. We believe the revenue is strong and will continue to be strong. The opportunity we believe is strong. But the biggest risk was whether we were able to consolidate the businesses and keep growing the revenue and get the cost reductions we expected. And we absolutely have seen that a little more rapidly actually than we expected. So we're very pleased with the business. The – and we're getting very good comments from customers, particularly customers that – our larger customers that spread across geographies, because this has historically been a local geography business, and now they're seeing consistency across broader geographies. So we think that's been a plus for our customers. In terms of international expansion, there is some opportunity there. It would be a nascent business outside the U.S. So it will be a longer-term investment, longer-term opportunity. But we do think there is opportunity there.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yes. Clearly, we hope and expect to grow our business outside the U.S. faster than the U.S. And we've talked about this before, it's – we've actually grown our OUS business organically faster than our U.S. business. It's just as luck would have it, the things that we've found to purchase and been able to purchase have been more U.S.-centric. So actually our acquisitions have brought us back to our historic level, every time we kind of move – we've been about 75%/25% now for a very long time. We've moved the needle organically, but then we buy more U.S.-centric, if you will, acquisitions. And that's something that clearly we started to do some different things. We bought Eschmann in the U.K. We bought the company in Brazil. We bought in a number of places, smaller businesses around, and we will continue to look at that. And obviously, the Synergy acquisition, one of the principal purposes of that is to grow our OUS business both by acquisition and post that through non-acquisition. So that's been an area that we are quite hopeful of with that acquisition. So we do expect to see the markets outside of the industrialized world growing more rapidly than inside. Right now that's taken a pause. The – Latin America is having significant difficulties. Much of Europe and the Eastern Europe, which is probably a little higher growing, is having some significant difficulties. The Middle East is very tough right now. So although that was one of the kind of the real growth spots, it's pretty tough in the Middle East right now due to both some political turmoil as well as the reduction of the price of oil, which is a significant component in their economy. But we think those are short to intermediate term positives, and we will go back to more rapid growth in those areas, and we anticipate participating.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure Larry. I mean, I would I guess make a couple of points. First is we fully anticipate consummating the deal. We hope to do that and expect to do that. And we're doing our planning that way. But to your point, if for whatever reason that were not to occur. I'd even go further, and if we do that deal, by definition, there'll be some pause of taking a breath and integrating that deal because that's a very significant deal for us. So there'll be some pause, but both Synergy and we were on a track to do accretive acquisitions that fit into our strategic bailiwick, and we would not – doing that deal, we would not want to stop the kind of acquisitiveness they were interested in and not stop the acquisitiveness we're interested in, which are largely tuck-in kind of deals that fit with the businesses we already have, fit with our strategy. So A, we would continue. We obviously wouldn't be doing a deal of that size soon because we would have both cash and integration efforts to sort out for the next little bit. To the extent that's not true, we would feel free to do significantly sized deals, not unlike the Synergy acquisition, which is large. But all things being equal, we typically prefer things that fit with what we already have and tuck in nicely. If you kind of look at the spectrum of things we've done, U.S. and (33:24) was pushing a couple of hundred million. GEPCO was pushing a couple of hundred million. When you take the IMS quintet, you're in the several hundred millions again. So those kind of deals are nice fits for a company that's a couple of billion dollar revenue company, $4 billion market cap, so we like those sizes. But if we see an opportunity, a rare opportunity to do something significant like we saw here with Synergy, we would naturally be attracted to it.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Larry, we as you know, we do almost every kind of sterilization modality in almost every kind of institution in the world. And we have looked at, if dabbled is looked at, thought about, studied, any of the kind of words you want to use for that. I don't know of a modality that we haven't dabbled in, thought about, looked at, considered relative to those that we are or are not doing. And that's the full gamut, whether that's ozone or X-ray, or pick your poison, any of the modalities. And literally, our R&D people are constantly searching for better ways to sterilize and disinfect things in every possible space. So the answer to your question, broadly speaking, is yes. The answer to your question specifically is yes.
Walter M. Rosebrough: We've looked at and considered all those things, and we do the ones we think makes sense. And we don't do, or at least makes sense to us or for us, and we don't do the other ones.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Yeah. Sure. And you're correct. It's not strictly the stronger dollar, which but of course a stronger dollar is not helpful if you're producing in the U.S. But it's not strictly that. The Middle East is largely not a question of a stronger dollar, it's a question of bad oil prices and political unrest. And that's true in Latin America, for example. We used to be very strong in Venezuela. And Venezuela has both political unrest and of course is an oil-driven economy. So they just do not have the hard dollar. So that's not loss of share to anybody, that's just they slowed down. And they need to slow down because they've got to develop the currency to put themselves on track. So there are – and so there are places in the world where it's more, I'll call it, political and/or their particular economy driving it more than anything else. And most healthcare economies are driven by governments, and so that's the case. Now having said that, there are other places in the world where the economies are doing fine or okay where the dollar does make it more difficult for us. But we still – we continue to compete and, as you know, we're working to lower our cost. We don't – we have not raised our prices significantly in the U.S. for some time. We've been able to do that by lowering our cost and we talked about that. Not every dollar we save that we put into our pockets, some of those dollars we put in our customers' pockets to continue to try to grow our business and we think that's a good thing to do for our customers and for us. So we do that internationally. I will say we tend to broad-brush things and I've broken it down a little bit more but we tend to broad-brush things. We say EMEA we're down. Well, in Europe, Europe's fine for us. It is Middle East, that is way down. And so they are more than offsetting the nice work that's being done on the continent, if you will. Again, in Asia, there are countries we're doing well. There are countries that are kind of tough right now. In Latin America absolutely, Latin America we're more down across the board but still Venezuela if you take the last couple of years Venezuela is the biggest reason for international or Latin American business not being as strong as it has historically been.
Walter M. Rosebrough: Sure, Chris. Again, the docket is public. You've hit all the high points very well. It is a hearing in Federal Court and a Federal Judge has wide discretion of what – in this case, it's a he, what he chooses to do with the case and how he hears it. We are scheduled for the 17th. I think there is no indication of anything other than that. So unless something happens in his docket that forces him to move out that, I believe he and we are planning on moving ahead on the 17th. I don't remember exactly. It's a three or four-day hearing time that he has set out for us and I think everyone is anticipating it would be done in that timeframe a few days. And then in terms of ruling, again, this is a Federal judge and he has his time schedule and there is no real time schedule for when he will or will not rule. But generally speaking, our understanding is that inside of a month or so is kind of a normal timeframe. So that's an expectation, but it's not a firm deadline. Again, it is up to the judge's discretion. And largely depending on his docket and what else he has that could cause him to go faster or slower.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning everyone. And thanks for taking the questions. Just two quick ones from me here this morning, maybe Walt or Mike. If you look at Isomedix in the quarter, solid mid-single digit growth, but historically we've seen that in kind of the upper single digits. And I realize you've brought on new capacity. We've seen fairly positive commentary from a number of the Healthcare service providers out there, just in regards to procedure volumes during the quarter. Help us think a little bit about lead lag with your end customers relative to what we see on the service side, and kind of maybe reframe our expectations for unit volume growth in that business? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: No. No. Understood. And then, maybe just two quick housekeeping questions. In the quarter, could you maybe break out for us, Mike, what the contribution was from acquisitions? I believe, of the two, you had closed one on the 24th, so I guess technically would have still fallen in the quarter. Was there a revenue or just was there any contribution there in the quarter? And then, could you also maybe just elaborate, again I apologize, I was shuffling a couple of calls here this morning. But what you saw in sales and marketing expenditures during the quarter, maybe how we think about that, that particular line item over the course of the fiscal year? Thanks so much.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you very much for the follow-up. Walt, I just was hoping you could remind us procedurally about the upcoming court hearing. I think you're on the docket for the 17th along with several other cases. I think three explicitly for that date. Could you just remind us again in broad strokes about the expected timelines there and when you would hopefully expect to have a ruling from the court? I think that you'd previously stated in mid-September, but I just wanted to walk through the components there. Thanks so much.
