Walter Rosebrough: Yes. Matt, I think in my comments I mentioned that some of the acquisitions that we are making, particularly the last 2, have lower margin percentages than our average margin percentage. So they are somewhat bringing that margin percentage down. Of course, they're adding dollars to the bottom line, but they're not adding the percentages to the bottom line. That's the bulk of the reason. We're also seeing a higher growth, obviously, in the Healthcare unit than, for example, in Isomedix. So once again, since the Healthcare unit is a lower-margin business in total and then the Isomedix business, by definition, again, that tends to, in total, bring the percentages down. But the dollars are growing nicely. 
Walter Rosebrough: A lot of the capital equipment answers are timing. And so just like we see in Life Science, our international businesses are relatively smaller than the North American business. So they do bounce around a little bit more timing-wise. I'll say that to begin. Well, we are seeing some pickup in the EMEA, Europe, Middle East, Africa markets. And so they had a very good quarter, but they also had a solid year. I think we've mentioned last time that we've seen more pressure in particularly Asia-Pacific markets and some of the Latin America markets, somewhat due to political issues and some due to currency issues, primarily. 
Walter Rosebrough: Sure. I'll step back a little bit and say the Spectrum family, if you will, was -- did have their toe and maybe half their foot into the endoscope repair business. So it was a real piece of that business, but it was more predominantly instrument repair business. And IMS and Life Science are the exact converse. That's one of the reasons we like the combination is they have a much larger piece of their business in the endoscope repair side of the business and bring a lot more capabilities than we had in the endoscope repair business. And conversely, they also did some instrument repair. Although it's a much smaller piece of their business, but we have more capabilities, if you will, than the IMS or Life Science business. So we're bringing the strengths of the 2 businesses together so that both can do both, if you will. And a lot of it is around capability. So we believe the capabilities that are housed in the Spectrum businesses that we started with in the instrument repair area are very good and will enhance the offerings of the other 2 companies. And conversely, we think that the scope repair, both capacity and capabilities, are stronger in the Life Science and IMS side. So we very much think that, that combination creates more opportunity, really, for our customers, and then that relates to the opportunity for us. We do think that business -- both businesses are nicely growing, certainly in the high single digits, probably in the low double digits. And so we think there is significant organic growth possibility in that business, as our customers, largely hospitals but -- and others that use endoscopes, as they work to lower their cost. We believe by doing a nice job in repair and some things that they don't do, naturally, that we can actually grow our business, at the same time, reduce their overall costs. And that's the real genesis behind that business and business model, and we feel very good having more capacity on both sides of the house. So -- and I do think -- I think your comment suggests what we also believe is -- we've done a lot through acquisition, and that's based in the last 1.5 years, 2 years. Clearly, the acquisition side will slow down dramatically, relatively speaking, and the organic side will need to pick up. And that's what our plan is. 
Walter Rosebrough: My comments on that are going to be very much like my comments have been probably the better part of the 1.5 years, maybe even 2 years. That is as we look out -- or actually, if you look at our backlog and as we look out, we continue to see buying patterns in the range of flat to slightly up. So I would not call this a robust capital equipment environment, but I also wouldn't call it a bust capital equipment environment. I think most people are flat to generally up. Now a quarter ago, when we had this conversation, we did mention that we saw the first part of this year, particularly January, that a number of customers, even if you go back into December, I guess, a number of customers had put capital on hold. So even though they said their capital budget was going to be flat to slightly up, they were holding on to the money until they saw how things were kind of working out. I would say in general, we've seen more of our customers releasing those holds than not. So I would say we're kind of in a status quo flat to low-digit improvement type of opportunity set right now. But flattish would be the right term. But we -- again, we haven't -- it's not a bust nor do we see a boom. 
Walter Rosebrough: We don't, as you know, don't give quarterly guidance. But our best estimate is kind of the pattern we have this year. I can assure you we would rather see that flattening back into the third quarter. So if we have our druthers or if we can make it happen, we'll be trying to flatten it. Because as you saw last of this past year, we kept our factories running steady by building inventory in Q3, so we could ship the appropriate products in Q4. We would much rather build it and ship it as soon as we can and build it and hold it until we need to ship it. So we'll be working toward that end. And to the extent possible, we would rather see it be flat. But the first quarter is going to be weak relative to totals, if you will, because the IMS acquisition is not in. The 2 things we've done early on, it's not what you would call integration cost. It's just the cost of learning and doing and changing and all that. I guess, it is an integration cost, but you don't get capture -- it doesn't capture that way. But it will capture as cost. So we're expecting a little lower earnings in those businesses, as we're sorting things out, and then improvements over the course of the year. As you say, we have a lot of earnings in Q4 this year. We would certainly prefer that not be the case next year. 
Walter Rosebrough: Sure, Chris. I'll answer first the question on the how you get the margins up in the specialty service businesses, and there's a couple of factors. The first is we expect to see these businesses grow fairly robustly. And so it's not like we think we're going to go out and do massive layoffs to capture the gains. We think we can capture the bulk of the gains by letting -- by organizing the business more efficiently and letting the volume come to the people that are already there. So as a general statement, I would say that's the -- our general view is that we have a good group of people and we have plenty of them, generally speaking. We just need to organize in such a way that as the volume grows, we don't have to add people. Specifically in the field, particularly on the field service side of that, when you're growing and you have to add someone geographically or you add a unit to a geography you haven't been in, it is very inefficient at the beginning of the time you add it and then it gains efficiency over time. And so we're going to get 2 wins here, and that is first of all, we will get some automatic areas where we have people that are -- who we would have otherwise been starting up into a region possibly, and then -- and we already have people from the other company there. So we can cross-sell across the product lines that the 2 companies sell, without having to take on that first step of the geography process. So that's one. I'll call that one general way that we should get some efficiencies. The second general way is we have multiple laboratories around the country across the businesses, where we do a lot of this repair work. And we have been unable -- on both sides of the business, I mentioned that IMS is traditionally more scope repair and Spectrum is more instrument repair. Both businesses outsourced a portion of their opposite work to third parties, and so we will be able to bring in what the scope repair that we did some outsourcing in from the Spectrum side into the IMS business. And we'll be able to bring some of the instrument repair that was outsourced by IMS into the opposite side. And so we will capture those margins into our own businesses. And as we grow that volume -- it's not volume like a revenue volume, but it's volume of internal work volume. As we grow that, we expect to capture efficiency. Now that isn't going to happen tomorrow morning at 9:00. It will take time. But I would expect over the course of a couple of years, we will have that nicely captured. And, Chris, I think you had a follow-up question, and I've lost it. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. We've talk about that a lot. And my view is I'd like to see those swing over 15% and creeping toward 20%. And occasionally, we get over the top of that, but that's tough. But I certainly like it to get to -- in that 15% range, and we've got -- we have a ways to go now because we're taking on some business that we think is growth business and it's great opportunity. But it will shrink our margin percentages on the Healthcare side, which, in total shrinks it somewhat. But we think we can grow those back and get back to those kind of numbers. 
Walter Rosebrough: And, Chris, I would add, and I've commented on this before that we have multiple ways of adding capacity. You either -- you add Cobalt or you add different vessels inside current facilities or you add on to facilities or you grow new facilities. All those are ways we do it, and we're constantly doing all of those things. Occasionally, you see kind of a onetime blip because we have to go out and do a brand-new facility. That's the ones that put more pressure on earnings in the short run and they're very nice in the long run. So and -- but we're doing all those all the time. We're looking at all the different ways we can to do that, and we expect to continue that going forward. 
Walter Rosebrough: So we had in our guidance, we expect it to be closing very soon, as I mentioned earlier today, and we continue to expect to close very soon. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. As we've mentioned a number of times the contracts we have with suppliers are long-term contracts, and so we typically will have 2 or 3 years contracts. So I'll call it for lack of a better term, the supply of Cobalt that we have coming in is contracted out for 2- or 3-year period, and it includes relative volumes and relative prices. So we generally do not expect to see disruptions in contracts -- or in our supply chain in the short to mid-term period. Over the longer term, of course, with SteriGenics potentially purchasing the Nordion business -- of course, that's all public. And as you know, publicly, they have said that they're going to need to go through the appropriate regulatory channels, I suspect, in both the U.S. and in Canada. And we'll just have to see how that works out going through channels. And clearly, we're evaluating every possible avenue for our supply chain as we always do out -- particularly out in the long run. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well, clearly, Eschmann was a move to grow our business in the U.K. It's a very well-known company, good presence, good brand name in the U.K., good direct sales force. I should maybe have been clearer. The Eschmann business looks a lot more like our surgical and IPT business, that is, it's largely capital and then has a service component. And that service component relates to the equipment that we sell. So they do both surgical equipment and some IPT equipment, and then they have service that goes along with that. We do see that as an opportunity. As you know, about 75% of our business is in the United States. We've actually grown -- if you look at the organic side of the business, we've grown organically much faster outside the U.S. than inside the U.S. But we've -- the business we've purchased have tended to be U.S. businesses. So we've offset our organic international growth rate with acquisitions in the U.S., and that 75% has held roughly similar. We are clearly -- we have been and continue to look outside the U.S. for businesses that fit our pattern and fit what we do. And so we do see that as an opportunity. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. As you know, we don't comment on things that we're going to introduce. We've had really nice work, and I mentioned some of them, on the capital side. We've had nice growth and continue to see nice growth in our washer line. We basically redone the washer line. We basically redone the washer line in the last 12 months, and so that's been a nice business. We have, again, a relatively new line in our operating room integration business, and they've had very nice growth the last 12 months, and we expect to see that continuing. The -- on the surgical side, you may recall that we introduced an orthopedic product, an orthopedic table during last year. And as is always the case with capital equipment, it kind of take some time to pick up and get people to understand what's out there. So we are now seeing some good growth in that business. So that's I think on the capital side -- or the one I should say, the European product lines, both the EMS systems and their lights and tables have grow nicely. So we've had a good set of good run in those product areas. On the consumable side, again our ICC business continues to grow. The Prolystica general family of businesses continue to grow nicely. The US Endoscopy, which comes in on the consumable side of our business, they have continued what we would hope they would do, which is continue their pattern of developing new products and growing about 50% of their growth the last -- these last 12 months has been from products introduced in the last couple of years. And we expect that to continue going forward. So they have a number of new products that are coming into the market. So it's generally across the board, and there's a little bit of rotation. You can't do everything all -- you can't do each product all the time, but we generally kind of rotate through the products and make sure that we're keeping them fresh and keep new products in front of our customers. So we continue to expect to do that. I failed to mention V-PRO in the consumables, that go with V-PRO. That's also been a very strong growth for us, so we expect to see that continue. 
Walter Rosebrough: I was speaking specifically about acquisitions in the specialty service space. And that is -- we felt that we needed a certain set of capabilities to be able to have a good -- very good spot to provide great value to our customers. And we feel that we've gathered that sort of capabilities now. So it's not to say that we wouldn't do opportunistic acquisitions in that space. If they came up, we would. But in terms of feeling like we needed to do some other significant component to have a good package, we don't really feel that way. So that -- I was really directing my comments there. Now we do have some significant integration work to be done obviously, but it's largely in that specialty service space. Eschmann is a relatively small business. It will fit nicely into our capital business in Healthcare. So I don't see that being a large integration problem. The real integration is occurring in the specialty services space. So we would feel that we have capacity to do other acquisitions outside of that space. I think we're going to let those guys sort that work out. They've got a lot of work to do. We'll let them sort that out. In the next little bit, we'll be looking predominantly in other areas. 
Walter Rosebrough: We've been saying forever that we expected the international business to grow faster than the U.S. business. We still feel the same way, particularly -- and I would characterize it as we expect to see the non-industrial world, if you will, business grow faster than the historic industrial world business, Healthcare in general. And we have been and would continue to follow that trend. But as opportunities come up where we're already strong, the U.S. and now even more so in Europe, we clearly would really take those opportunities. Because even though those markets will not grow as rapidly as the OUS business, I'll call it, even though they won't grow as rapidly, they're still growing business, they're a very solid business. And we want to maintain our significant presence and be able to create value for the customers in that business. So some of it we'll be opportunistic based on what is available and some of it we'll be directionally for the direction. And we clearly are working to grow that business and organically have been growing the OUS business faster since we bought things that tend to be in the U.S. 
Michael Tokich: Yes. So our -- as you had mentioned, Larry, the CapEx is planned to increase, as we are anticipating some new projects from our Isomedix, continue that expansion. Obviously, the acquisitions are going to require some capital investment also. So that's a big portion of it. We're not going to be able to give -- so that's actually a negative from a working capital standpoint. We believe we will get some adjustments in receivables, as our receivables are considerably high at the end of the year. We believe we'll get back to a more normalized level in the first quarter of next year. But from an inventory standpoint, we believe we'll be anticipating to be about flat, so we're really not going to get any improvement. Although you would imagine, we will get improvement because we're not adding inventory, even though we're adding these acquisitions. So that is not getting us additional working capital improvement that one might expect with the acquisition. So between CapEx, AR and inventory are the 3 main drivers. 
Michael Tokich: Yes. Dave, the maximum covenant we have from a debt to EBITDA standpoint is 3.25x. So we still have some dry powder, if you will, a couple of hundred million of dry powder to continue, if need be, with the expansions. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, certainly. Obviously, with our increased capital expenditures, we anticipate spending some of that cash to actually start expanding some facilities. As we've talked about in the past, it usually takes about 18 months or so to get a facility online. So if we start middle of this year, we probably will not have any impact from an opportunity standpoint to add more capacity through Isomedix until fiscal '17. But the cash outlay will be between now and the end of this fiscal year when the bulk of it at least will be spent. 
