Julie Winter: Thank you, Chad, and good morning, everyone. As usual, speaking on our call this morning will be Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Dan Carestio, our President and CEO. And I do have a few words of caution before we open for comments. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those risk factors described in STERIS' securities filings. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS' SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth, and free cash flow will be used. Additional information regarding these measures, including definitions, is available in our release, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter: Thanks Mike and Dan for your comments. Chad, if you could give the instructions for Q&A, we'll get started.
Julie Winter: Thanks, everybody, for taking the time to join us, and we look forward to seeing many of you on the Ross summer.
Michael Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our fourth quarter performance. Following my review, Dan will comment on the full year of fiscal '23 and talk about our outlook for fiscal '24. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 16% driven by volume as well as 330 basis points of price. As anticipated, gross margin for the quarter decreased 240 basis points, compared with the prior year to 43.1% as pricing and currency were more than offset by unfavourable mix and approximately $15 million in excess material labor inflation. We incurred approximately $90 million in higher material and labor costs during fiscal 2023. We achieved approximately $10 million of cost synergies from the integration of Cantel Medical in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year total to just over $55 million. We are proud of the work our folks did to integrate Cantel Medical into STERIS, over achieving our projected total cost synergies ahead of schedule. We have substantially completed the integration process and going forward, we will no longer be tracking and reporting cost synergies from Cantel. EBIT margin increased 20 basis points to 23.8% of revenue compared with the fourth quarter last year. This reflects a reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue somewhat offset by the gross margin pressures I mentioned earlier. The adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 23.6%, net income in the quarter was $229.2 million and earnings were $2.30 per diluted share. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 exceeded our plan and totalled $362 million, while depreciation and amortization totalled $553 million. Our capital expenditures spending was higher than anticipated, primarily driven by the timing of investments in our AST segment. Total debt remains just over $3 billion, reflecting borrowings to fund a few small acquisitions during the year and opportunistic share repurchases. We remained active buying back stock in the fourth quarter and in total, repurchase 1.6 million shares in fiscal 2023 for a total spend of $295 million. As we anticipated last week or as announced last week, our board has authorized a new repurchase program for up to $500 million in buybacks. For fiscal 2024 we would anticipate returning to our normal cadence of repurchasing shares only to offset dilution. Total debt to EBITDA at the end of the fiscal year is just under 2.3 times gross leverage. Free cash flow for fiscal 2023 was $410 million. Free cash flow was limited by higher than planned capital spending and pressure on working capital, in particular for inventory and receivables. With that I will turn the call over to Dan for his remarks.
Michael Tokich: Yes. Share count will just be -- just over $99 million, interest expense and other will be approximately about a $10 million to $15 million headwind in total. Most of that, as Dan alluded to in his comments, most of that interest expense headwind is going to hit us in the first half. Majority is actually hit us in the first quarter because that's when we started seeing rates significantly rise was in the second quarter and for sure in the second half.
Michael Tokich: Yes. This year, we were under significant pressure from a free cash flow standpoint on both our receivables increased because just the timing of the revenue, a big bulk of our revenue is in Q4. So we were unable to collect. So that will push into FY '24. Our inventory, as we've been talking about all year, has been high. So we've got to take that down. So we're anticipating to take that down in FY '24. And then also in FY '23, capital expenditures were higher than we anticipated originally. So the combination of all three really put pressure on FY '23 free cash flow. As we look into '24, the big change where we're going to get a nice impact is going to be lower inventory our ability to collect those receivables and then just growing net income in total will get us to about $700 million in total free cash flow.
Michael Tokich: Yes. So our capital allocation priorities have been the same for more than a decade, increased dividends off the top invest ourselves, so continue to spend money from a capital expenditure standpoint, especially growing and investing in our AST expansions. Then M&A and then finally, repurchases typically just to offset dilution. So those four categories have remained. The other one that we -- from time to time, we'll put in there is focus on paying down debt as we're almost two years into the Cantel acquisition that is being a little bit less focused on as our debt levels now are in what we'll call very reasonable ranges at 2.3x levered. And as Mike -- as you heard Mike asked the question earlier about the opportunistic share repurchases, that -- that has not happened very often as a company. But again, we felt that it was advantageous to us to do some of that opportunistically in the third and fourth quarter of this fiscal year.
Michael Tokich: Yes, we should continue to do fairly well and increased margins in Healthcare. We anticipate that we will continue to get price within Healthcare. We also anticipate that some of the pressures surrounding inflation, material and labor cost ease. We should also be able to get some productivity increases in our Healthcare business just because we had to touch the products so many times last year with parts availability that should help us improve. So I would anticipate that the margin is Healthcare gets slightly better. EBIT margins in Healthcare get slightly better in FY '24 for those reasons.
Michael Tokich: Yes, Mike, a big portion of that was we actually had parts availability, so we're actually able to get parts into our customers' hands and fix some of their products. So that is a main driver of that plus we shipped some capital equipment. Obviously, in third quarter, we were able to install that in the fourth quarter, so we generated revenue there. Those are the two main drivers of that business for Q4 improvement.
Daniel Carestio: Yeah, the next biggest piece is labor costs have gone up across the board as the people we hired last year are more costly. So that's definitely going to hurt us a bit. We also are going to return more to somewhat pre-COVID levels than our spending, especially around travel. And then also FX is actually going to get negative to us in the operating expense, but by the time it gets to the bottom line, it'll be about neutral to us.
Daniel Carestio: Yeah, Dave. So if you look at our total company, right, so we would say that on average, most of our businesses other than AST grow mid-to-high single digits. AST obviously, right around double digits, 10% grower this year, that is the case with healthcare potentially outpacing their normal growth. But Life Sciences would be in that same range, and then Dental would be single-digit growth in total.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. I think there's still a lot. It's got to get worked out in the final definition of the rule. And my speculation is it probably gets extended in terms of comment period at this point. I would tell you that from a niche perspective, we're really confident where we sit in terms of our ability to meet as written and what could possibly be modified. As it relates to FIFA I think we got a little more gas over that. As we are no one in the industry right now are capable of meeting some of the stated exposure level standards. So I think that's got to get sorted out. And I think it will through the process.
Daniel Carestio: That's correct. Yes, that -- assuming that it sustains at that level and some of the modest level of pricing adjustments we've been able to put through, through that business, we believe that we can grow the revenue in the low single digits range.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. It was just exactly that, Mike. It was just opportunistic based on where the share price moved down, largely on some of the yield litigation issues and things that the industry are facing. So we saw it as a good opportunity to invest [indiscernible] stock.
Daniel Carestio: Well, what I'll tell you is some of our practices, I mean we've had our employees in what I would categorize as hot zones wearing full PPE, SCBA, self-contain breathing apparatus for over 10 years in our facilities. So I think we're already ahead of most of industry in terms of safeguarding our employees. We've installed on all of our outbound warehouses, abatement systems to scrub any fugitive emissions that's coming off product post aeration process. Those are completely installed operational in the U.S. facilities. A number of other things in terms of just basic engineering design around our facilities where we have complete capture of everything in the chamber rooms as well as sealed drum storage rooms, which are also fully abated in the event of a leak and a number of different engineering controls that we have in place as it relates to the design of the facility. In addition to that, we've been working hard with our customers and also pushing industry very hard to reduce the initial concentrations that are used in cycles and we've been very effective in moving many of the higher concentration cycles that are touching 650, 700 milligrams per liter down closer to 300 milligrams per liter. So it's a much lower input in which much makes handling products, especially post processing, much safer.
Daniel Carestio: Yes. I'll address the latter first in terms of recovery in med tech. I don't think so. Really, what we're seeing in terms of our med tech customers is they're really rebuilding the inventories that they have and they're still, in many cases, hand to mouth in terms of being able to deliver for hospitals right now. So it's not as if they're flushed with inventory across the system. And so I would assume we'll see some continuing build of inventory of anticipation of surgeries continuing at the rates they're at as well as there's a lot of pent-up demand that's got to be worked off over the next coming months or a year or so. So I don't think there's a lot of risk in terms of any type of inventory pullback from a med tech perspective. I think it's pretty robust. In terms of the other question around the AST margins, I mean, the short answer is there were inflationary pressures, in particular, on energy and labor. And the labor is baked in is what I would say, and we can leverage that over scale as we get volume coming through. It tends to help a bit. Energy, my crystal ball doesn't work when it comes to electricity pricing in Europe anymore. So it is what it is. It's high right now. It was high this winter. In theory, it should come down some over the coming months or a year, but your guess is as good in mind on that.
Daniel Carestio: It's interesting, and we're pleasantly surprised every month when we see the orders coming in strongly, very strong as we did in Q4. And our backlog is sitting at $500 million in Healthcare, which is either at or near all-time record highs basically. You got to think of it this way. Most of what we sell in terms of capital is necessary to facilitate volume of procedures and recovery of volume of procedures through the hospital. I mean the sterile processing department equipment we sell in terms of washers and sterilizers and sinks and everything like that. You got to think of it more like a utility, and it's not a nice to have, it's something you need to have in order to accomplish the growth for patients in terms of procedure volumes. So we've been somewhat immune to the financial lows of the Healthcare sector, I would say, in terms of hospital spending. And I believe that will continue in terms of the long term. I think over time -- and I don't know if that's six months or a year from now, you're probably going to see some de-escalation in terms of just infrastructure build-out that we're seeing right now. And one would also think that as things tighten a bit in terms of capital. It generally has the impact of slowing down the replacement business a bit, which we tend to pick up then on the service side. But as of right now, we seem to be doing pretty well in terms of order intake.
Daniel Carestio: Yes, we remain committed. We need to see it through in terms of recovery. We didn't anticipate last year the sliding into an economic recession that was going fork this progress made in terms of procedure recovery that we're seeing Dental and now it's become an economic issue. So I think we need to see that play out over this fiscal year and see how the business performs. There's still -- I would just reiterate, there's still a lot of opportunity for operational improvement, deliver improvement in the business, and that's something that STERIS as a long history as good operators of being able to really drive improvements with the business. It would be nice to see the volume resume. It makes -- it makes all those good things that we're doing much more visible in terms of bottom line performance when the volume comes back.
