Michael Tokich: Thank you, Walt, and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our second quarter performance. For the quarter constant currency organic revenue growth was 4% driven by volume and 20 basis points of price. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue for the quarter increased 360 basis points to 42.2% of which 260 basis points of the improvement is from the impact of divested businesses, with the remainder due to productivity improvements, favorable product mix and price. EBIT margin at 19.2% of revenue for the quarter represents a 200 basis point improvement. Obviously we are very pleased with our continued ability to expand EBIT margin and leverage revenue growth in addition to the favorable impact from the divested businesses. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 26.7%, up from both the prior year and first quarter as expected. Both the prior year and first quarter had favorable discrete item adjustments. We continue to expect the full year fiscal effective tax rate to be in the range of 25% to 26%. Net income in the quarter was $80.3 million dollars or $0.94 per diluted share benefiting from both organic revenue growth and continued margin expansion. Segment growth information has been detailed in the pressure the press release in both the tables and the copy. In terms of the balance sheet we ended the quarter with $296 million of cash, $1.45 billion in total debt and a total debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of approximately 2.3 times. While the U.S. dollar equivalent value of our British pound sterling and euros are dominated private placement debt has increased due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar. We have reduced our floating rate bank debt by $58 million since the end of the first quarter. As we said last quarter without additional acquisitions we continue to anticipate leverage by the end of the fiscal year to be approximately two times debt to EBITDA. Free cash flow for the first six months was $144 million, a 21% improvement versus the first half of last year, primarily due to higher net income. During the second quarter capital expenditures told $38.9 million while depreciation and amortization totaled $45.5 million. Our outlook for the full fiscal year free cash flow and capital expenditures are unchanged. Free cash flow is anticipated to be approximately $280 million and capital expenditures are anticipated to be approximately $180 million. With that, I will turn the call back over to Julie to open Q&A.
Michael Tokich: Yes. Isaac, gross margin was up 360 basis points to 42.2%, similar improvement in the first quarter, about 260 basis points of that was really due to the impact of the divested businesses. If you recall the divested businesses most of their costs were in cost of goods sold, so that's what we're seeing the biggest improvement. And then in addition to that, we did have both productivity improvements in particular in our IMS North America business where that business continues to perform very well and we continue to see improvements in gross margin there. We did have some favorable mix obviously with capital down a little bit consumables and service especially consumables help propel the margin several basis points. And then we did have pricing impact which was about 20 basis points on the topline and about 10 basis points in the gross margin.
Michael Tokich: Yes. The bulk of the differential is foreign exchange, so our units that have OpEx in particularly the EU countries as well as Great Britain, it's an exchange rate issue. In terms of our run rate on a constant currency basis, it's very much what we expected.
Michael Tokich: Sure, Larry, You've asked a multiple questions, so I'll try to kind of break them out. Those orders were again largely Florida and Texas for the capital equipment orders and it was hospitals that obviously were under pressure from the storm and they did not want to take new capital into their facilities or haven't' shipped during that timeframe. So it was around $5 million. Orders of magnitude, that's probably about a $2 million to $2.5 million impact on bottom line profitability in the quarter. We would expect to see that reverse and I think Larry that we would expect that to reverse kind of the exact same way, that we talked about AST that is - I would expect to see more of in the third quarter because most of the hospitals were not severely damaged. They just couldn't take equipment during that timeframe. And so the bulk of that should reverse in Q3 and there will be some of the drags into Q4 would be my guess. So - and in terms of relative growth or growth numbers, the hurricane itself is about $5 million, which is roughly small one, 1%-ish for the total business, of course as you get down to smaller pieces of the business, it's a larger percentage 2% or 3% for health care capital probably. But orders of magnitude, it did not have a huge impact on revenue growth for the total company. Now the other side is, we did see more orders than shipments and so our backlog picked up $15 million, only $5 million of which is the storm. So we have $10 million more in backlog sequentially than we did before that is purely a matter of - I'll call it normal time differentials across quarters. That just happens in the capital business, but the $5 million is purely due to the storm.
Michael Tokich: Yes, orders of magnitude, you're not too far off, because those 4% roughly for the total business is about a point, so without doing the exact math that's close.
Michael Tokich: I would step back and say that in general the IMS business in North America is the driver for that double-digit growth rate. And so now I'm talking more - longer term the last 12 months not the last three. The European business in HSS or the outsources did have some nice growth in Q2 some of that was currency, but some of that is also called natural growth in the European business. And we are also as we talked about moving instant repair into the European model and that is causing us to experience some nice growth and we're reversing in working to do the opposite in the U.S. move more of the outsourcing business in HSS. We think those are both are significant growth opportunities for the future, but they're both still relatively nascent businesses right now.
Walter Rosebrough: Sure. I would say a couple of things. First of all, clearly as we mentioned before, we had invested ahead of time and the revenue didn't come, so now we've allowed the revenue to come without additional investments. We will be going forward. We do need to go back into the game of investing at hopefully the appropriate time, so we can continue to grow. So we may see a little bit of rocking around those numbers, but in general our end point numbers that we described are what we anticipate in the short intermediate term for that business. So we might be a little higher one-month than we're one quarter and little lower one-month or one-quarter based on the timing of investments. But this is not like you have to build a plant and then start filling it. It's more modest incremental investment as a percentage of the total. So last year we just got it way wrong. We missed both directions growth and investment. That's an unusual occurrence for us and we've been doing service for long time, so we don't expect that kind of a significant change again.
Walter Rosebrough: It will be stronger in the third quarter than the fourth - we would expect our customers as they bring their plants, most of them are bringing their plants up; they're doing volume as just they're doing relatively more limited volume. A large part of that is because of energy issues or people issues in some cases, but generally speaking it's energy issues. Almost all of our customers have generation capability, but they don't always have enough generation that is generator capability to run all their machines and do all the things they need to do and then there are some people issues as well. So as they - they should be coming up and getting more close to full volumes, so as we approach the end of the quarter, we think we'll see much more at full volumes. So it will be more heavily seen in the third quarter.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, sir. From an international standpoint, looking at both the quarter and the year, we continue to see good growth in both Europe and APAC, slightly slower growth although we are growing in Latin America and North America. Although for the quarter, obviously with healthcare capital equipment being down a little bit, North America was more under pressure just based on the timing. And I would add to that Europe, which we call EMEA. Europe itself has been now for quite some time, steady to nice slightly growing if you will. The Middle East has been very difficult, but it seems like we should the bottom of that trough and there is some life in the Middle East again. So although it's not the levels it was three years ago. It is picking back up for us.
Walter Rosebrough: Sure, Larry and I'll separate again two questions. The Life Science business in total is doing very nicely as you've observed, not only of the consumable side of the business, which has been a long-term good grower for us is continuing to grow in the mid to high single-digit range. But the capital business has clearly begun to come back and we're just seeing order rates and as a result backlog that we haven't seen in a decade or more. In our pipeline appears to be about the same as what our current run rates are. So we're anticipating it's hard to forecast more than a year or two out but are going in view is that that this level of orders and shipments in life science and will continue probably 12 months to 18 months at least. So we're feeling quite good about that. A piece of that is the market this business supports biologics and vaccines and that's a nicely growing market it had spent a fair amount of time consolidating the last few years that is pharma in general and we think that consolidation phase for at least our pieces of the business is largely finished. And then the second piece is we've done some nice progress on work particularly in the hydrogen peroxide area where we're in our capital equipment where that is a growth area for us. So it's a combination of the market growing more rapidly and us having a nicely set of products to put into that market in the space. So the life science guys have done the nice job of that. As relates endoscopy we do view the endoscopy market as a growth market and growth opportunity US Endoscopy has now which we purchased five plus years ago has been growing in near double-digits almost every year in the topline and therefore above and certainly double-digits on the bottom line. So that has been a growth opportunity we continue to look for ways to expand we've done a number of smaller acquisitions in that space to add into what the US Endoscopy people care. And then we also view that as an opportunity in our Healthcare Products segment both on the consumables and on the capital side. So we continue to invest in that space.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, Larry, as we as we talked last quarter we believe that for the full-year we will have about 100 basis points which is basically every quarter 100 basis points both top and bottom line impact because that business as we've talked about is actually declining in both top and bottom line year-over-year. So about 100 basis points is the number - fair number to use.
Walter Rosebrough: Well, I mean again as we've talked it's largely a matter of allowing our revenue growth to catch up to the costs that we had put in place. So at a high level that's it and it's been obviously both sequential over the last two or three quarters as well as the comparison year-over-year, you are correct, the comparison year-over-year, the removal of the laundry business has clearly helped that, but on a sequential basis, it's also improved.
Walter Rosebrough: Well, absolutely we believe that we past the bulk of the synergy integration. That doesn't mean we don't have - we still have IT type systems and back office type systems we are working on, but the bulk of that integration is complete, so we do not feel any concerns about adding other businesses. And as you mature our leverage ratio, we've brought it down as we suggested we would, so we are actively looking at things. We never discuss specific pipeline issues, but we are looking at a number of opportunities. We just wish they would come in the timing that we would like them as opposed to the timing that they occur.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. As we mentioned last time, the purchaser has had difficulty with financing and some other issues, and so that has not closed. It's not material really to the business in any way. There's no profit impact either past or forward of consequence. The revenue impact is in the $10 million-ish number per quarter roughly speaking and we have not anticipated that in our guidance going forward. So we've anticipated no. In fact, there's no growth, so since our revenue guidance as far as on growth, we're not anticipating any growth, the numbers really to be there or not. It's not clear to us that deal will close. And so the longer the time takes, the longer it is, but it's really not a material conversation for us.
Walter Rosebrough: Sure. Chris, just to make it clear, we understood the Life Sciences questions, but the first question, it was unclear to me whether you are talking or asking about our capital spending or the markets capital spending.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes. So the short answer to that is we have not seen a significant change in that space now for a long time, several years. That is it is not growing rapidly. It's also not shrinking, so it's been kind of flat to modest single digits uptick if you will. And there are differences that it has floated back and forth between what I call major projects and replacement. The last I'd say couple quarters, it's beginning to look at our normal rates if you will 60% to 70% replacement, 30%, 35% of new capital if you will or large projects. So the nature of the projects have started looking more similar. A couple things have changed though that we're seeing more and more particularly in the operating room area which also affects CSDs. We are seeing more Ambulatory Surgery Centers being built both by freestanding Ambulatory Surgery Center units if you will, some are for profit, some not for profit and we're seeing more of those being built by hospitals as outposts if you will for their major hospital says that more and more surgeries are being brought to that level because we can get people out quicker. So for example, we're seeing a lot more orthopedics being done in either overnight surgery or even day surgery. So we're seeing more of that being built out in the suburbs if you will as opposed to inside the major center downtown. So a bit of a shift there, the last 12 to 18 months, but in total it has not affected the spend greatly. In Life Science, there is no question. In Life Science that the new technology that we have brought forward in hydrogen peroxide sterilization for their facilities has been a strong driver for both of them to do more and has helped us grow the business. It's just - that technology is a particularly good technology for that space and we've capitalized on it. As it relates to disposables, it's unclear depending on how fast those markets grow. How that affects us, but on the one hand if we will do less clean in place kind of work, if disposable small disposables are used, on the other hand we sterilize those disposable units of AST. So we may see a shifting of revenue from one to the other. But with the growth rates are experiencing, we still review that as a growing market.
Walter Rosebrough: Thanks, Chris. Yes, we do see there are a couple of countries that we're looking at that we may put in the HSS model of outsourced CSDs and that that would bring up the growth rate because we're relatively significant in UK, which is our principal country. We have facilities in both Netherlands and Italy and those are both we think opportunities with couple other countries that I will go into at this time. But we are looking at a couple other countries in that space. The real growth opportunities in the U.S. market though and that's where we're focusing most of our efforts.
Walter Rosebrough: That's unfortunately conversation divestitures are a lot like conversations about acquisitions, the less you talk about a before and the better, so - but if you look broadly across what we're doing our four major segments? We think all those segments have good opportunities and we think all of those segments have - across most of those segments, there's a tie to one or more of the other businesses within another segment or completely across segment. So we think we do have a very nice portfolio in terms of sterilization and in procedural areas that are commonly in the same spaces as those sterile units. So in my mind there's not a significant divestiture in the short and medium-term anyway.
Walter Rosebrough: It is a combination. It is principally sell through to existing customers, but we do see entrance in that space, the vaccine biologic space is “an exciting space” in Pharma right now and there are some new biologics is being developed by folks out there, so we see both. But the principal numbers are with the people that are already in the space.
