Walt Rosebrough: Yes. I mean, backlog has been – is, by definition, orders coming in minus shipments going out and plus whatever was already there. So it does reflect all those kind of things. It's very common for us to have last minute pushouts for a couple of weeks or a month because their projects are not coming through on time. Typically, if you think about our capital business in health care, it's divided into what we call turn business or replacement business, where you're just ordering a new table because you want one or because you're other one broke or a new light or something as opposed to a project where they're renovating a major section of the operating room or central sterile department. And typically, that's a 60-40 split, 60% turn or replacement business and 40% project type business. We've seen this several times whenever hospitals become a bit uncertain on capital, the projects actually, if the steel is in the ground, keep moving forward because once in – the steel is in the ground, they need to finish the project. It costs them too much to slow down or stop. On the other hand, the turn business tends to slow down a little bit until they get more visibility to what is going on. And so that's a typical thing that happens in an economic slowdown for hospitals, not necessarily the general economy, but the health care economy. We saw that – well, we've seen it many, many times when the hospital is under some kind of financial constraint or financial pressure. If anything, we would expect to see something similar. We have not seen that to date. We've not seen significant pushouts, significant – cancellations are super rare. We haven't seen any cancellations. And actually, orders have replicated last year for the last couple of months. So we have not seen a change in order pattern. Having said that, since our reps can't talk to hospital people face-to-face these days, I would anticipate seeing an order slowdown here in the next month or two or three, it takes time for orders to occur. But the question is, what's the magnitude of that slowdown? And the good news is we had extraordinary backlog, as you said. So at this point, we can produce the backlog, assuming those orders don't shift significantly, because they usually do not. We're in pretty good shape for a couple of months after that, then we depend more on the incoming orders. And we don't have a great deal of visibility to that yet. And hospitals, in a period of uncertainty, there's been a lot more time worrying about how to handle the COVID pandemic right now than what their capital equipment orders are in the next couple of weeks.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes. It – you stated it correctly. It is a med device business that happens to also do some pharma and some other things. But the preponderance of the business is med device. But med devices have various roles. Again, a big, big piece of it are things like hip replacements and knee replacements and the implants for replacements, I should say, and for pacemakers and things like that. So there's a big piece, as you might expect, are implantable devices, and that's because they have to be sterile if they're implanted. Having said that, there are other components, we generally don't spend a lot of time talking about, but there are other components that kind of travel with those big pieces normally, that is surgical gowns and masks and things like that, that may need to be sterile. And the sterile versions, we do process those as well. Now in a normal environment, that travels kind of consistently with procedures, as you might expect. Right now, gowns and gloves and masks are not traveling with procedures, are traveling with COVID. And so we're getting – what I would characterize as extraordinary demand increase in those spaces. And that's where we see the split, the people doing that. And then also things like the diabetic supplies and other things that are more home-based, they're still medical devices, but they are more home-based medical devices, chronic devices, if you will, as opposed to procedural devices. Those devices are also seeing a little bit – I think it's consumer pull-forward. If you're diabetic, you're anxious about making sure you have supplies at a time when there's a lot of things that are not very sure. And so I think we're seeing some pull-forward of people stocking up a bit in diabetic supplies, whether they will continue that stock-up or how they use it downward, if you will, is unclear. And then, of course, that space is just a rapidly growing space anyway because the innovation that diabetes companies have had in terms of monitoring the – monitoring and having the closed-loop insulin system. So that space is a fast-growing space anyway, and now it's a little bit faster because of people stocking up a bit.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes. Thanks, Chris, for the reminder. Like I said, we are confident. We built our business plan pre-COVID. And so we are not only confident, we are sure we are thinking about numbers in the high end of that range. And so very, very comfortable there. And specific to AST, as you have seen AST continuing to perform both in March and April for the quarter and going into April, we are quite comfortable that it would have been on the leading edge, if you will, or the higher edge of the businesses. We've been saying that for some time now. We still think there's a runway for those higher single-digit kind of numbers going forward absent COVID. Now COVID throws everything up in the air. So I would not begin to estimate what our growth rate would be in AST for this year. But as we come out of COVID, we feel comfortable that we're in a strong position. To do that, first of all, the device businesses are doing nicely. And secondly, as we've said before, because a lot of this, I'll call it, supply uncertainty question that was going on even prior to the COVID and certainly now post, I think you will see people that, all things being equal, would rather have a relationship with someone who can move things from plant to plant to plant inside their organization as opposed to having to move things from plant A to plant B to plant C that are crossing other people. So – and as I've said this before, I think companies like STERIS, and there are other companies that have multiple plants, I think, they will be in a stronger position given some of the supply chain things that have occurred in the last six to 12 months, I think we're even in a stronger position than we were before.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, a couple of responses. We are particularly shy about – talking about future products and future investments, in general. We can – we're happy to talk about them in generalized specifics, we're probably a little shy. But we continue the product portfolio enhancements that we have done across the business. And we're in the double-digit new products every year in our Healthcare business for a long time now, and I don't see that stopping. So we just think a continuation of that product development stream is a good thing. And it's – the same basic types of products that we provide today. So it's not a – that's not something like a whole new division or anything coming out, but it's just more and more products, some of which are new and some of which are enhancements of our current product lines. So we just will be continuing that and if anything upping the ante. The second area in the HSS business, as I mentioned, we found that there are more than one way to skin a cat in the U.S. versus the UK version. So we have multiple types of thoughts around how we might help our customers with outsourced ORC-type capabilities. And those all require investment because unless we are just going into their facility and operating it, which is a rarer case, we need to be adding capacity. That's the real issue. Whether it is constant capacity or peak capacity or other types of capacity adds, we need to be adding capacity, and that takes capital investment. So that's what we're talking about. And it's largely, to say, outsourced ORC add, but you have to think about that in kind of its broadest context, that's the capacity we'd be adding.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes. Larry, we've seen this movie or at least I've seen this movie lots of time since 1982. When hospitals get put under pressure, the general move is they continue to buy the things they were going to buy, if you will, that were already on the docket. They will put in a capital freeze and just not unlike we do. We put in a capital freeze, but it's a freeze, but it's not a freeze. If they're in the middle of building a hospital, they're going to build it. If they think it's strategic, they're going to do the strategic builds. And then they slow down the replacements. Now when stuff breaks, they got to have it. So that will – they still – it's not like replacements stop completely. They just slow down. 2008, 2009 is a great example. In 2008, 2009, we have the combination, as I mentioned of the Obamacare uncertainty and capital abhors uncertainty. And so there was a lot of uncertainty. And then right behind it, the debt window for short-term debt froze up, and many of the hospitals had financed their long-term financing with short-term debt because it was very inexpensive to do so. And literally, they didn't have the cash. And so exactly what I've described happened. They put on – in general, they put on some capital freezes. It slowed down a bit for a while. Usually, what happens is it's like truly frozen for a month or two, that's okay because we go through the backlog and then they start releasing the things they really need, it slows down a bit. So I would think in the next six or eight months, we would see the impact and begin to have better visibility to the pipeline. Right now, our pipeline visibility for the last four, five weeks has been pretty much negligible because there's nothing really going on. Those conversations are not happening right now, except for give me the stuff I've already – I've anticipated putting in place in my hospital. So the next time we talk, I suspect we'll be able to talk about pipeline.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes. Larry, as you know, we're pretty bullish in this space. And we like our competitive position for the reasons I've described. We have a very broad array of technologies. And we have the ability to help customers if something happens in one of their plants and they needed to go to a different plant or if something happens in one of our plants and it needs to go to a different plant, we think that's a good place to be. And the same with technologies, to the extent you can move across technologies, we have the ability to do that. So we like the business. We think our plan is a solid one for the future growth of that space, and we don't see a whole lot of reason to be backing off of it. We're pleased to have the capital position that we have. At this moment in time, the only reason we'll spend less capital in that business is because it's – we can't get permits and things like that because the governments are effectively closed. They're doing other things besides permitting, building permits and things like that. So that – and/or construction companies not being able to provide labor or whatever, I mean, we want to do it on the schedule, we were doing it. We see no reason to be stopping. It takes us two years from the time we start to the time we can turn on the gas. We don't see any reason to be stopping gas right now. In terms of shifting among modalities, I think we have that pretty well scoped out. And I don't believe we have any great reason to change what our current plans were. But we'll be watching that, of course. We've continued to add capacity in EO in the last 12 months or so and going forward. And the bulk of that has been outside the U.S. just because that's where the business was, not because of any other reason. And we will continue to beef up that space as well as the various radiation modalities.
Dan Carestio: Yes, sure. This is Dan Carestio. And what I would say is, in Life Sciences, our products, in particular, around our consumable offering is highly focused on maintaining aseptic environments. And that type of offering lends itself very well to vaccine production. It's one of the areas that we had focused on historically, continue to focus on and we stand ready to help our pharma customers as they look to ramp up to ensure that they can do that production in the proper aseptic manufacturing environments.
Dan Carestio: Yes, sure. This is Dan Carestio. And what I would say is between the three businesses, in AST, things were pretty much neutral to slight growth with sort of offsetting puts and takes between COVID-related products and highly elective procedure products being down. The Life Sciences business was up significantly coming off of a strong backlog and equipment and extremely high demand, as it relates to our disinfectants and chemistries around cleaning. And some of that's pull-forward, we don't anticipate it being sustained. And then in general, in terms of our Healthcare business on capital, those were already planned shipments coming through. We haven't seen any cancellations. And it was normal shipping for the most part early on anyway in terms of our consumable lines. And those have now slowed a bit, but generally speaking, that's the essence [ph].
Dan Carestio: That's right. Yes. Yes. And in terms of those products in AST, like I said, it's kind of puts and takes that got them to about neutral.
