Walter Rosebrough: I'll try to break, I think you had 3 questions there. I'll try to answer them sequentially. First, regarding the growth in Q4. As we mentioned in Q3, we were actually little soft in growth in Q3, and mentioned that the capital, as you know from history, can be a little bit lumpy. And particularly on the Healthcare side, we had very, very strong backlog ending Q3. So we were quite confident, we would have a solid Q4. And in turn we did have good orders in Q4 as well. And so we exceeded our expectations a little bit largely on the capital side, largely in Healthcare. But we also had very strong shipments in Life Science. So it was more the capital side of the business, both in Healthcare specifically and Life Science, where we did better than we expected. That would be the high level and it's reflected in our patterns. We ended up for the year, we actually grew backlog in Healthcare a few million dollars. So basically we shipped what the orders we took for the year, which is what you want to do. So we're very pleased with that. I forgot the second question, Julie, if you might give me an update. FY '14 organic is pretty well spread across the business. I suppose I can't think of any particular where it's a big spike in growth. So it's pretty well spread across the business. As you might expect the acquisition, first of all, we – of course the acquisitions you get a full year impact. We're still overcoming about $12 million or $13 million worth of S1E mostly in the first quarter, so there is kind of a mix and match there. But then the second piece is just the generalized growth. We are continuing to see the growth we expected to see in the Spectrum and U.S. Endoscopy acquisition. And we're seeing low-to-mid single digit growth, we see across the board in our other businesses. So I wouldn't point to anything significant that that's not something we've already talked about. So we're seeing pretty much in line with what we have been saying in the last 6 to 12 months, and not out of line with our long-term forecast. In terms of hospital spending - capital spending, there is pressure on hospital capital spending. There is no question about that. In particular, the IT dollars being spent for physician practices put pressure on that spending, so every dollar is scarce. But we continue to see what I would call solid capital spending in Healthcare. We're not seeing some big robust growth streak or a pent-up demand growth streak, but we're just continuing to see solid capital spending, both our backlog and our pipeline coming in so it's just the same. We're seeing very similar levels of large project dollars that we've seen, so we have some visibility out of a-1.5 year to 2 years, and we're seeing very similar levels. Although, just as we talked about, I think last quarter or the quarter before, I've forgotten when we discussed this, but we have seen slightly less projects, but the projects are bigger, so they equal out to being similar sized or maybe 2% or 3% greater. So very much in line with what we expected. So that's kind of what we are seeing at this point in time. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well, we have talked about the insourcing piece, and in fact that's really what we're doing with the footprint. As we get leaner, we have space available and we have people available to do more work, and there is 2 ways to solve that problem. One is to grow, which we anticipate doing. But the other one is to bring more of the work in-house, and we clearly are doing that. We think we can better quality, better cost and better visibility or I'll call it supply chain visibility, reliability for delivery for our customers. So we're doing all the above. So I would say as a general statement, working to continue to make the business more lean is a way that we can improve our cost position. So that's a general statement. The second is, as we're developing products, it's our desire, if you will, we're trying to develop those products. We wanted all products that can create more value for our customers, as we create more value, we should be able to get some price for that. We are in a particularly price sensitive point in time in this industry. So it's not like we're going to see 10% per year price increases while you stretch the imagination. But if you can get a point or 2 of price by creating more value for customers, that's a good deal for both of us. And that's what our intention would be. And then, lastly, we do want to continue to watch our overhead cost and spread those overhead cost over larger amounts of business. So just as you've described, it could be plant consolidations, but those more likely occur where we see acquisitions and where there is overlap of facilities or something like that. So that is a possibility going forward and that's something we will always be looking at. 
Walter Rosebrough: One, you have to separate the types of consumables that are being used and you have to remember almost all of ours are linked to procedures, for example, patient days. And so I can't separate those 2 things for you. I'm not familiar with everybody else's forecasts as you are. But clearly we are more procedural-linked, than we are, we call it, inpatient day length. So if hospitals for example shorten their length of stay, but do more procedures, our consumables are more linked to those procedures, so that would be the first comment. The second comment again is underlying volume of procedures. We don't see that falling-off in total in significant ways over the course of the year, and so that our growth is linked to that. And specifically on U.S. Endoscopy a lot of those procedures, there are procedures interventions, but there are also a little diagnostic procedures in that arena. And we support a lot of those diagnostic procedures And we have a number of new products. So, U.S. Endoscopy growth is largely a function of brand-new to market products that are going from zero to something. And so that zero to something creates growth, and more growth, if you will, then the procedures in total. So that's the long and short story, if you will, of U.S. Endoscopy. I think I have covered what you've asked. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, Erin. I mean, I'll answer the general question. And hopefully I will pick up the new answers in yours. But first of all, we think the insourcing prices were moving nicely along. And we characterize them as 2 big projects, which it is kind of the way we think about it, but inside each of those big projects are many, many, many small projects. So as you might expect some of them are ahead and some of them are behind, but on balance, we're feeling good about where we are in that process. So that's the answer to your first question. Second question is, indeed we are not expecting any material savings or cost this year. Relatively speaking, due to those projects and what that is that we are achieving savings in the lead projects, which is the Mentor fabrication facility. We're achieving savings there. And we'll continue to grow those savings over the course of the year. But at the same time, we're kicking off other projects that have front-in-costs. And so what's happening is if you look at the year end total, we think we're going to about breakeven. And so next year we will see the full impact of the Mentor fabrication facility and begin to see the impact of the Montgomery facility, which has the other load of those projects. So that's why we're saying this year we think it's about breakeven, next year in $8 million to $10 million. So really next year $8 million is the rough estimate over the longer period. As you get down to '16, '17 we expect that to grow into roughly $10 million of savings. 
Walter Rosebrough: As I said earlier, we feel pretty disciplined about our dividend policy. We don't have any expectation of moving off that. And then after that our next place to put money is in our businesses, both what you would have historically call the core businesses, but now also into U.S. Endoscopy Spectrum, because we didn't buy those businesses to sit on them, we bought them to grow on. And so we will continue to place money towards those, business in their primary businesses, which is why you're seeing the increase in R&D. The next piece is acquisitions. We feel very comfortable that we have significant dry powder to do continued acquisitions. And we will be looking in the same spaces of our current businesses as well as in adjacent spaces. And we are not limiting our look to the United States. So we clearly are looking outside the U.S. in that arena. We now have the bulk of our integration activities behind us in U.S. Endoscopy, I'd say essentially behind us in U.S. Endoscopy. We're well down the path on the Spectrum integrations. So we're feeling quite comfortable there. So we feel, not only do we have the financial capacity, but we feel that we have the management capacity to continue down that path. 
Walter Rosebrough: We probably just would rather not say, I guess, there. Naturally, if there's trade-offs, the "growing markets" are of great interest to us. So as you know the markets in Asia Pacific, Latin America, that are more rapidly growing than others. And so they have interest in that regard, but where we have our base businesses in North America and Europe are also areas that we would consider. So we're not ruling out, if you will, specific geographies, but we are looking for different things in different places. 
Walter Rosebrough: We're not guiding, we're treating those businesses as product lines as we do all our product lines and we don't break the guidance into that group. So they are grouped into the businesses. But in terms of, if you looked at our statements when we did the acquisitions, we're not materially different from those feelings at the time. 
Walter Rosebrough: We have no acquisitions built into the guidance. And I would say as we said last year, we've been looking to do things for the last 2 or 3 years. And sometimes, the people we want to acquire, it's not their time and so we work on their time more than our time, but we continue to pursue. I would say there is no difference in level of intensity. In the last couple of years, if you recall 4 or 5 years ago, we pretty much got out of business. We felt we had more opportunity to work inside our own business, but for the last 2 or 3 years, we have been working on it. We will continue to work down on that path, but we don't control the timing on those deals. 
Walter Rosebrough: I wouldn't say more or less bullish. The good news is, I am going to separate the underlying demand first and then the capital consumable sides of the business. First in underlying demand, we have been saying and I think everyone has been saying and understands that the underlying demand is very strong. We are entering the period where the baby boomers are reaching peak healthcare use time between the age of late 50s and 70s. And so that pig is going to the python and I am one of the piglets, by the way, I am a mid-baby boomer. And I just had a hip replacement. So I am a classic person in that. And I think you're going to see more and more of that in the next decade. So the underlying demand is exceedingly strong. The question is what the government and other third-party payers and individuals do to reduce the cost of that underlying demand and how they utilize that demand and that is less clear. On the capital side, the more uncertainty there is, over a short period, it tends to disrupt capital over long periods. Change is almost always good for capital, because if you change things, you have to rejig or something and that is usually good for capital. So in the current timeframe, I suppose if you were to say vis-à-vis prior the election, when we didn't know if we would be continuing down the path of Accountable Care Act or not, I believe we're more bullish in the short term, because there is less uncertainty. The hospitals at least know what they are moving towards. If that changes over the next year or 2, then that will change in the short run. But in the long-run, the underlying demand, we think is very strong. 
Michael Tokich: If you look at our projections for 2014 for Healthcare, we are looking at low-double digit revenue growth in total and I will bifurcate that to about mid-single digits for our organic growth, about high-single digits from the acquisitions and then more specifically on the capital it would be in the low-single digits that we'll be anticipating. So we continue to see capital growth, although in the low-single digits for fiscal 2014. 
Michael Tokich: Jose, I think we've talked about that before, we're always working to increase our margins. We're not always particularly successful in it, but we're always working to do that. I don't think that we're at a peak of margin percentage possibility. This year we're eating more the device tax, so presuming that at least stays flat for us and that we don't see increases in that range. We're working to increase our margins, but we're not planning on kind of step function change, 15.5% to 17%. I would like to see this going from 15.5% to 15.8% to 16.1% to pick a number at the end. I do think again in orders of magnitude, these kind of businesses ranges in the 15% to 20% range, I think it's reasonable if you get over 20%, I think you'll probably set up for being greedy and somebody will break you. You're setting price umbrella for lots of competition. And under 15% you should be working to get over. So we're happy to get back in that 15% range, above the 15% range, but we don't see ourselves stopping that. But we are not looking for step function change. We're looking for margin improvement. 
Michael Tokich: Jason, I will address the commodity cost. Basically, we're looking at modest or I'll call it inflationary increases in raw material costs. Nothing out of line, nothing unique we're seeing this year versus the prior years. And on international, I could say, generally speaking we're expecting faster growth outside the United States with the exception of Europe and Europe is flat-to-down in our expectations. 
