Walt Rosebrough: This is Walt. And I don’t think that we’re any significant impact there. Our field forces are largely separate. We don’t have significant geographic overlap at this time, don’t have a lot of product overlap. So generally speaking, I would say there’s no impact in all the work at this point at the senior executive level. So I don’t see much impact there.
Walt Rosebrough: Sure. We always have new products coming by the way, always have incoming and we’re always introducing. We don’t spend a lot of time talking about all of them. But particularly on the surgical side, we have both the two or actually three principal products that are ceiling-based products. We have new lights that we’re introducing as we speak. We have new what we call Booms or equipment management systems which we are - when I say introducing, we’re shipping as we speak. And then we have also a new OR integration system that is I should say relatively new, the last couple of months. So you put all that together and we truly have a number of new systems hitting the field on the surgical side as we speak.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, this is Walt. I would say, in general, at the highest level, it’s where we are year-to-date that’s driving that conclusion where we are just a little bit off. And we’re not looking for the big hockey stick that we saw at the end of last year in the particularly on the capital equipment side. As I’ve said, we are expecting a very strong surgical quarter. We had a super strong surgical for the last year. And we also had a super strong IPT capital last year. We’ll see I think a more normalized IPT and a very strong surgical, is what our current belief is.
Walt Rosebrough: There’s a lot of detailed technical description there. But there are a number of ways to radiate. You kind of have to break sterilization of that type into two broad categories, gas and radiation. There are some products, it could be done both. But generally speaking, they’re naturally better either because of the design or because of the packaging they are naturally better with either gas or radiation. There’s a number of ways to do radiation. Clearly, the broadest and most accepted is Gamma, but there are opportunities for more different types of radiations, both E-beam and x-ray type radiations. And it’s not at all that those are, what do you want to call them, mutually replaceable. But there are some products that you can do in either. There are some products that look better in one versus the other. But clearly, Gamma is the dominant modality at this point in time.
Walt Rosebrough: Sure. Erin, good morning. I would say, they’re broken into two categories. Our organic growth on consumables has stayed strong and that is what is more tightly linked to procedural volumes in the short-term. And the longer-term capital is linked, but it’s linked based on combination of the near-term. If they’re making more money, they’re naturally more willing to invest capital also in terms of certainty, uncertainty. And so it’s linked, but it’s not as tight a link and it tends to be a lagging factor, not an immediate factor. And so first, that’s the beginning. And in healthcare, our tightly linked things are consumables and service are tracking as you would expect, maybe even a little better than you would expect. Then when you turn to capital, you may recall the last couple of years, we have been stronger than most of the other people on the capital equipment side. And partially, we think we did okay. But partially, it’s because of where we’re concentrated. And we’ve always said that in bad times, the OR and to a lesser extent, but to some extent, the CSD tends to continue to spend capital because it’s a revenue-generating part of the service if you will of a hospital, whereas maybe some of the other areas might not stay quite as strong. And I think we’ve seen that if you look across the other manufacturers and see who kind of got weaker early and who is now bouncing back more. You’re seeing the other areas outside I think be a little bit stronger. So they are linked and I do think we’re optimistic the things we’re seeing - I call it the forward indicators that we look at, bids and orders and that kind of stuff, we are feeling more and more optimistic. We’ve been pretty much saying that things are - we’ve been cautiously optimistic, stable to slightly increasing. I think we might be feeling even a little better now for the longer-term. But that takes time and there is lumpiness in between there. I’d say that’s a high level, Erin, that’s probably what we’re seeing.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, Erin, our - I’ll start out with our general approach to comment on conversations with regulators. It’s our experience that having those conversations and having those conversations private and keeping them private so no one gives to read about them in the paper and misinterpret either because you misinterpreted us or they misinterpret you. But that we’re better off just saying that we’re in conversation with the appropriate agencies and we kind of leave it at that until there is a significant event. And when we have those, we announce them. Any regulatory agency that we are working with, that tends to be our approach. As it relates to this, clearly we had originally expected that we would get closed by March 31st, rough timeframe and we clearly are continuing to work toward getting close towards March 31st, rough timeframe. So we are not at all ready to come off that date. But with the FTC second request, which we do think that is now the gaiting factor of the various things one has to get done. When we look at our timing charts that that is moved to be the gaiting factor in our opinion. And we’re continuing to work with them. We have not given up on that schedule. And so we will continue to drive toward that until we find out that we can’t read them unless I should say unless, not until we find out that can’t read it. And our view is not that we’re talking about years of delay. We’re talking weeks and months, not - and hopefully days and weeks. But we’re not talking years. We’re talking days, weeks, months kind of delay from that March 31st timeframe.
Walt Rosebrough: Larry, I’m not sure that all that might in afterwards too. But I’m not sure where the street had baked the tax extenders. In our mind, it was the fourth quarter. We didn’t think it would get done before the December 31 timeframe. We expected it right after the first of the year. So that clearly was a change in our expectation. And we did have a couple of positive things that rolled in. So we did beat our expectation a little bit. So it would be fair to characterize that last year or last quarter, excuse me, when we narrowed our guidance to the high-end of the range, we felt okay with it when we did. And today, we feel better about it than we did it because, A, we’re further down the path. We not only made what we expected, but we beat what we expected. But as you know, two orders that fall outside of March 31 can take care of that a penny or two pretty quick. So we are very comfortable. We were comfortable on where we were. We are very comfortable now where we are. And we like where we are and we’re optimistic about the quarter and optimistic about the future.
Walt Rosebrough: Larry, I’m going to break the IMS conversation into, I call it three buckets. The work that’s going on in integration. Actually, I had fourth. So the one I always forget, Mike gets mad at me, because it’s the one they have to do. The first three are more around the field and the operations, originally the ones that I think of most quickly. But on the field side, field and operations side, first of all, we had a number - each of these entities had a number of different labs and repair centers and those kind of things. And yet particularly as you recall, several of the businesses were more focused on instrument repair which tends to be a local repair and several of the entities were more focused on scope empowered instruments repair which tends to be a repair that the device gets shipped in and done in a little factory, let’s call it or a lab. And as a result, the entities were outsourcing the others pieces of work because they didn’t have capacity, whichever the one they didn’t do. So kind of the first big step and a step we knew would be very positive. Was we are now insourcing the vast majority of that work to ourselves if you will. So we crossed that insourcing. And I would say, that is it may not, it’s no complete, but it’s well down the path. And that is the piece that we knew would be for lack of term, Slam dunk. The second piece, of that we are working on is insight and you feel you have a question or a guesser. You have a situation where even though in total, we probably had the right number of people to service roughly what we’re doing, in one city, we might have, I’m just going to make this up. In Omaha, we might have three people where we needed to. In Minneapolis, we might have two people where we needed three because of the way that we were centered. And so we are in the process and we’re fairly further down the path. We’re not completely down the path of making all those determinations and getting rightsized. It’s not that we’re changing the number of those folks. It’s just they’re not always in the right places. And so it will make those individuals far more efficient. They have less drive time, we get more - actually, we get more customer work done for less total work because we’re driving less. And that’s a second piece that we knew would happen. That’s a little harder piece of work and it’s taken a little more time. The third piece that we’re doing is since we had multiple people doing multiple things, some of them, as you would expect, did them better than others and vice versa. And so we’re trying to transfer the learning of the better processes across each of the companies. There, we are - each of the individuals really. There, we are just started, if you will. And we made progress there but we’ll continue to make progress. And the last piece is the integration of the backbone of the company, of the things like - this is the piece that I mentioned that Mike and his team typically work on, which is the financial systems, the IT systems, the internal mechanisms, if you will. And we are well down the path on getting that done. And so those are the components. None of them are what I would call complete. But we are well down the path on a couple and we may be halfway there on the others. In terms of the long-term for the pure repair side of the business, we’re looking at, in the long-term, getting that close to our average rates, something in the mid-teens kind of numbers rates. And we’re certainly not there yet but we think we have an opportunity to get there.
Walt Rosebrough: Sure, Chris. And the healthcare services is a more complex topic right now. So you have to break it up into the IMS piece which you’ve already addressed. Obviously right now, that’s all new business, so it’s all growth. But going forward, we do see that still being a very strong grower, a high single-digit, low double-digit kind of grower. And we do expect that as long as the hospital trends remain in the same path, we expect to see that growth. On the what I call our traditional service serving our products, if you will, it’s a bifurcated answer. That is, when capital shipments rise, we get an immediate benefit from installation service rising. So that travels pretty much with capital equipment, more on the IPT side than on the surgical side. And then the second piece of that equation is, on the other hand, when they replace new equipment, if you had a real surge in equipment replacement, we typically are under warranty for a year. And so the service actually falls in that specific account. Now as long as it’s stable on a percentage basis, that’s largely irrelevant. But if you have a big surge, then you will see some drop-off for 12 months or so of service that is now free as opposed to - or under warranty as opposed to service going forward. But that’s a relatively brief phenomena and you go back to the service. Now to the other extent, if people really start holding their equipment, then it starts breaking down more and so we actually see more service. So you kind of have to look at that as a lifecycle. And I don’t see us right now any place in an odd part of the lifecycle. So again, to the extent capital keeps kind of trudging along at the same rate of growth of healthcare and you don’t see a big spike or decline, I would see service growing in the kind of the rate of healthcare growth as you’ve stated.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes. Deliverables is a big word in terms of - even when the clock is running, then the deliverables - you still have ongoing conversations. They may ask for more things and even though it may not necessarily be required. Our experiences working with the agency is a good approach. But to answer your question, I think for what you are specifically asking is we do not have a new time clock at this point with a - I’ll call it a closed second filing completed with the agency. So I think that’s what you’re pointing to.
Walt Rosebrough: The answer to your question is both directions. We do two things to better level load. Our favorite thing is if we shift the amount - the exact amount every quarter were the same except for the natural growth rate. So if you’re growing 5% a year, everything would be nirvana if we could figure out a way to grow 5% a quarter every quarter for the rest of our lives or whatever that number is. That doesn’t seem to be possible either from - there’s some lumpiness because of our customer side then there is some lumpiness that’s generated by our salespeople’s own targets and goals and all those things. And so we are working to try to level that out more. And you are correct. You can level both directions. And to the extent that’s possible and still meet customer expectation demand, it does level out. Mike’s pointed that out earlier and we have now for a year, so we worked hard to get to where we have quicker shipping time possibilities. And that helps us to level because part of the reason we have lumpiness is that you have three customers with three big projects and they’re all due in pick a month. And then three weeks before they’re supposed to be due, they call you up and say - our project is running five weeks behind, would you mind holding the stuff. So then I’ve got a factory full of finished goods waiting for a five-week from now delivery and I can’t move it to another customer. The more we can be building exactly what that customer is going to take and check in with them two weeks before and delivering in two weeks, the better we are able to shift that business around. And then lastly, we do, as we have this year, built inventory in anticipation of when we know we have several large orders as opposed to waiting and building five minutes before so we have to run our factories at overtime for a couple of months, that we try to build some of that ahead. So we build some things in anticipation. So it’s a mixture of all those things that come together. But we could see things pushing both directions as long as the customers are willing to do that. And they often have. It depends on the type of order. Project type things, it is very common for them to slip their timeframe. If you’ve ever built a house, it is just like that. Building a hospital is building a house on steroids. It’s a very complex project. And you’re building a house and ordering equipment and it is not uncommon or I would say - a better way to say it, it is more common than not that the timeframe slips. We build that into our thinking but you never know. Everyone’s a little different. Hopefully I’ve answered that clearly.
Walt Rosebrough: That varies by region, I would say. And we’ve continued to be strong in our EMEA business kind of counter trend a little bit. And so we have been a bit stronger than we would expect in EMEA. And our current looking is that, particularly our Middle East business continues to be strong on however you want to look at it, on a dollar rate or on a growth basis. So the EMEA business has continued to be strong. The commentary on the other two major regions is exactly the same as we’ve been saying for a couple of periods now. Latin America has been weak relative to its history. And part of that is the general economy and part of that is where we happened to be weak versus strong by country. And for example, we were very strong at Venezuela and Venezuela is a very difficult market right now. So our Latin America business is off. And it seems to be bottoming as opposed to growing but it seems to be better than maybe the last six months or year. But it’s still, relatively speaking, weak and our Asia Pacific market is, relatively speaking, strong. And the outlook tends to also be strong. So it varies by region but I think that’s a good characterization of three regions outside the U.S.
Walt Rosebrough: I would say we have moved from a strategic acquisition mode to an opportunistic acquisition mode. That is, we feel like we have in place what we need to fully do a very nice job for customers nationwide at this point. But there are a lot of players in this marketplace. And to the extent it makes sense for an owner and us to get together, we may do that.
Walt Rosebrough: And for the next 6 to 12 months, we’re busy. We’re not finished with the integration of IMS which is not a trivial piece of work. The guys are doing a great job. It’s not a trivial piece of work. And when we close on the Synergy acquisition, we will have significant work there, too. So it’s not that we will not do deals. We will do deals. And for the next little bit, I would expect them to be smaller relative to tuck-in deals, all things being equal. If there’s something that is just so strategic that we can’t pass and we can’t push it off, then we might consider it. But all things being equal, for the next little bit, we’ll be working to operationalize what we have already done. And then we will continue looking and continue thinking that at this point, there’s nothing I would point to in the horizon.
Walt Rosebrough: We love the deal. It’s doing exactly what he had hoped, that is - I don’t know, exactly on plan. It’s either above or below. If anything, I would bet above what our thinking was. It’s really done a nice job. They continue with double-digit growth. The bulk of what we expected from that business was to continue product development and bring out innovative new products. They’ve continued to do that. They’re just working magnificently well. And we are exceedingly happy with the deal.
Michael Tokich: Hey, Matt. This is Mike. One other additional piece too is FX is definitely a headwind for us. And we anticipate that being close to 1%, around 1% in the full year. And that is actually driving the ’15 to ’17 closer to ’15 also.
Michael Tokich: Yes, Chris, on the Isomedix piece, the one thing that we continue to experience and we’ve talked about all year is we were going to have higher quality and regulatory expenses which, I think as Walt talked about, will anniversary at the end of this fiscal year. In total, that’s several million dollars - $2 million to $3 million in total. You could just divide that roughly equally on a quarterly basis and that’s part of the impact. The other part of the impact, obviously, is the shutdown of that maintenance which probably caused us a point or two on the revenue side. I mean, we continue to believe mid single-digits is the revenue growth for the full fiscal year. So we weren’t too far off. And then from a margin standpoint, we anticipate, as we have, the high 20s - 28%, 29% margin would be our normalized margin. We come above that and sometimes as volume increases as we hit significant drop-through. And then you can see when revenue does tail off a little bit, our expenses continue to come through. So I would say normalized, we’re in the upper 20s - 28%, 29%. And that’s something that we continue to use as our guidance for Isomedix both internally and externally.
Michael Tokich: Yes, we did not purchase any shares. What we did is we actually purchased some options or restricted shares that have vested. And what we do is we try and perform that execution internally for our employees. So it appears as if we are buying them, which we really are. But it’s not under our share repurchase authorization program that has been authorized by the board. I think there are still about $87 million outstanding under that authorization.
Chris Cooley: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. Two if I may here. Mike, could you help us a little bit first with Isomedix and just kind of help us get back to kind of a normalized margin for the business in the quarter? I understand there was the added expenditure there from a regulatory perspective but you also had the maintenance downtime. So I’m just trying to get a feel for what you’re seeing there in profitability and also growth on a go-forward basis in that space. And I have a follow-up.
Chris Cooley: Super. And I apologize, I had to go back and forth there. And you may have addressed this on Larry’s prior question, but when we just look at healthcare service growth, obviously very strong with the IMS acquisition there in the quarter of 38%. But when we just look at what we’ve seen from some of the providers as well as other capital players and your own backlog that grew nicely there during the quarter, those trends all would seem to afford an acceleration or at least a sustain of growth like we’re seeing right now in healthcare services. Just from a broader macro perspective, is that the way we should be thinking about this or are there other puts and takes that you think kind of gape in the growth of healthcare service on a go-forward basis? Thanks much.
Chris Cooley: Thanks so much. Just for clarity there, I want to make sure I heard this correctly. In terms of the second review from the FTC, do you still have deliverables to the agency or does synergy still have deliverables to the agency or is the ball now fully back in the FTC score? I’m just trying to think about it from a clock standpoint. Thanks.
