Julie Winter: Thank you, Jamie and good morning, everyone. As usual, speaking on today's call will be Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Dan Carestio, our President and CEO. And I do have a few words of caution before we open for comments. This webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. Some of the statements made during this review are or may be considered forward-looking statements. Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those risk factors described in STERIS' securities filings. The company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. STERIS' SEC filings are available through the company and on our website. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted operating income, constant currency organic revenue growth and free cash flow will be used. Additional information regarding these measures, including definitions, is available in our release as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are presented during this call with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the Board of Directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter: Thank you, Mike and Dan, for your comments. Jamie, if you can give the instructions, we'll get started on Q&A.
Julie Winter: Thanks, Jamie and thanks, everybody, for taking the time to join us this morning. We look forward to catching up with many of you in the coming weeks.
Mike Tokich: Thank you, Julie and good morning, everyone. It is once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our third quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 10% driven by volume as well as 270 basis points of price. Gross margin for the quarter increased 50 basis points compared with the prior year to 43.6%. Price more than offset continued material and labor inflation in addition to the negative impact from currency. EBIT margin decreased 80 basis points to 23.1% of revenue compared with the third quarter last year. The anticipated increase in our year-over-year incentive compensation expense, along with the mix shift in operating income from the AST segment to the Healthcare segment impacted EBIT margins. We anticipate that the mix shift in operating income from AST to Healthcare will continue in the fourth quarter. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 22.6%. Net income in the quarter was $220.9 million and adjusted earnings were $2.22 per diluted share. Capital expenditures for the first 9 months of fiscal '24 totaled $268.8 million while depreciation and amortization totaled $430.8 million. Debt declined slightly to $3.3 billion in the third quarter. Total debt-to-EBITDA at quarter end was approximately 2.2x gross leverage. Free cash flow for the first 9 months of fiscal 2024 was $457 million compared with $262.8 million for the first 9 months of fiscal 2023. The fiscal 2024 increase was driven by higher earnings and declines in cash used for tax and compensation-related payments as well as a decline in capital expenditures. With that, I will turn the call over to Dan for his remarks.
Mike Tokich: And then on the capital side, obviously, you see that we continue to reduce our backlog levels which is getting us more to our more normalized historic lead times and continuing to meet customer demand. But included in that, we did have double-digit orders growth within Healthcare in the third quarter. So strong shipments in the quarter but also good outlook with that double-digit growth in orders for future.
Mike Tokich: Yes, Brett. The one thing we are missing that I did talk about, we've been talking about all year is the incentive comp hole that we had to refill which was about a $40 million headwind. The bulk of that, about $22 million of that was impacted in the third quarter. So that is a huge hole that we had to fill in Q3. On the more favorable positive side, we have seen price for the first time actually offset labor inflation. And we did see flat productivity. We had seen negative productivity as we were moving, as we talked about moving products, especially the capital equipment and touching those products several times in order to get them out the door in our manufacturing process. So we've actually seen an improvement -- significant improvement in productivity. I think productivity was right around negative 150, 200 basis points last quarter and it's flat this quarter. So very good movement there from a manufacturing standpoint. That just shows that from a supply chain standpoint, we are seeing our supply chain continuing to ease and doing a nice job of reducing our backlog and getting back to more normalized lead times.
Mike Tokich: And we did have some cobalt loadings where we actually took our plants off of line for the quarter. I think we had six or eight cobalt loading. So that also hurt from a productivity standpoint which negatively impacted margins, yes.
Mike Tokich: Mike, your opening comment it's a bit too early for us to comment at this point in time. You answered your own question there a little bit. Obviously, we're in the middle of our planning process. We will, as we typically do, provide FY '25 guidance in May on our full year fourth quarter call. So that's where we stand right now.
Mike Tokich: On the AST side, it's all volume, Jason. This is a very high fixed cost base segment. The more volume we put through, the better opportunity we have to drive increased EBIT margin. So there, it's all volume. Dan, do you want to address Healthcare.
Mike Tokich: Yes, Mike, our capital allocation methodology process has not really changed over the last decade plus. We did, if you remember last year in the fourth quarter, we did -- we were opportunistic in share repurchase. We bought about $225-ish million of shares. We have not purchased any in FY '24 to date. We've actually been focusing more on paying down debt since rates are higher. We feel there's value in paying down debt. So all of our excess cash has been going towards debt repayment which has driven our leverage ratio even with the BD acquisition, we're at 2.2x gross leverage. So that's been our focus.
Dan Carestio: Thanks, Mike and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us to hear more about our third quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the fiscal year. As you heard from Mike, our third quarter continued the momentum we have experienced in our Healthcare segment in the past few quarters and we also saw a nice improvement in Life Sciences. Overall, we are pleased with our performance. We continue to expect that our Healthcare segment will outperform our original expectations for the fiscal year, offsetting macro challenges impacting demand in our other segments. Looking at our segments; healthcare constant currency organic revenue grew 12% in the quarter. Supporting that performance, we had double-digit growth across capital equipment, consumables and service again this quarter. This is driven primarily by procedure volume rebound in the U.S. as well as price and market share gains. As anticipated, backlog continues to normalize as we are shipping at a faster pace than new orders are coming in. Remember, our goal is to get back to historic production lead times and continue to meet customer demand. Speaking of demand, capital equipment orders in the Healthcare segment grew double digits in the quarter. Turning to AST; constant currency organic revenue grew 4% which was below our expectations. While we have continued to see more normalized volumes in the U.S. for medtech, outside of the U.S. remains softer than anticipated. In addition, bioprocessing volumes continue to contract. Until we have more clarity, we are taking a more conservative approach to our expectations for the fourth quarter. Life Sciences grew 20% in the quarter on a constant currency organic basis. We had another strong quarter of capital shipments which grew 57% against relatively easy comparisons. Remember, in fiscal 2023, revenue for both capital equipment and consumables was shifted from the third quarter to the fourth quarter due to some supply chain constraints. Consumables grew 8% and service revenue increased 12%. As you're hearing from others in the space, short-term demand remains a bit murky and we continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth opportunities for this segment. Our Dental segment third quarter revenue declined 6% on a constant currency organic basis. Revenue is limited by reduced orders from a large customer due to a temporary disruption of their operations as a result of a cybersecurity incident they experienced during the quarter. Excluding that disruption, revenue would have been about flat in the quarter which reflects the decline in patient volumes. The lower volume, combined with the continued increases in material costs led to a decline in EBIT margin for the quarter. Turning to our outlook. Fiscal 2024 is shaping up to be another strong year for STERIS, albeit not exactly the way we had anticipated. In the last few years, if they've taught us anything, it's the value of our diversified portfolio. Time and time again, we have benefited as one of our segments outperforms to compensate for challenges elsewhere. We are updating our outlook for the year to increase revenue to reflect the continued outperformance of our Healthcare segment. For the year, we now expect total revenue to grow 10% to 11% on a constant currency organic basis -- I'm sorry and constant currency organic revenue growth of 7% to 8%, each up 100 basis points from our prior ranges. This assumes low single-digit constant currency organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter caused by the record-setting shipments in last year's fourth quarter. EBIT margins for the fiscal year will decline slightly from fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting the shift in operating income mix from AST to Healthcare. Adjusted earnings per diluted share are now anticipated to be in the range of $8.60 to $8.70 for fiscal 2024. We recognize this outlook includes some conservatism but believe it is warranted until we see the AST customer destocking abate and have additional clarity on bioprocessing volumes. That concludes our prepared remarks for the call. Julie, would you please give the instructions and we can begin the Q&A.
Dan Carestio: Yes. I'll take the consumables. Mike, if you want to take the capital. Patrick, what I would say is the consumables is a function of really two things. One is obviously, patient demand in terms of procedures. And obviously, at least in the North American markets, demand is up across the board in terms of volumes flowing through hospitals. And then the other factor on that is just the sheer number of placements that we put out there over the last year in terms of maybe a little bit of share gain.
Dan Carestio: Yes. We would have thought that too, Patrick. So what I would say is that we've seen the turn in the U.S. market, for the most part, in medtech destocking. And that's a function of the efficiency of the healthcare systems over here and procedure volumes up being up significantly. They've been able -- our customers been able to burn down that inventory a little quicker. In Europe, where there's still a lot of fits and starts in terms of medical procedures depending on the countries, we have not seen the burn down yet in inventory. And -- but inevitably, this can't go on forever. I mean eventually, those lines will cross. And then as it relates to the bioprocessing destocking, if we look over the long term, historically and going forward, with the exception of the blip that occurred for a couple of years during the pandemic, more than a blip to spike, it has been a very solid strong growth subset of products that we sterilize. And inevitably, I do believe that it will return to those levels of growth off of the reset number. The question is when do we get to that reset number? And as you've heard from many of our customers in their earnings and their outlook, they're taking a fairly conservative approach to the first half of the calendar year but believe that many of them will see meaningful growth in the high single digits in the second half. If that comes true, that will translate to volumes for our AST business.
Dan Carestio: Yes, sure. This is Dan. The two of the U.S. sites will come online this calendar year. That's in Chicago, Libertyville, Illinois area that is in testing phase now and should be running product in the next few months. And then the second one that will come online will be California, Ontario, California and that will be in the fall.
Dan Carestio: We do. Yes. I mean we have the Asian site coming online as well now. And then I don't -- I can't remember off the top of my head the pacing of a couple of the European sites but there's a few of those that will come online in the next 18 months as well.
Dan Carestio: A general comment, Mike, I'll let you add to it. We typically see some decline in Q3 and that's because of the holidays, right? So we're not -- there's not as many days of billing that goes on because customers have shutdowns often over the Thanksgiving week and over the Christmas holiday week between Christmas and New Year. So unless we're sitting on backlog in the factories, we tend to lose some time there. So as a result, it has an impact on margin. But that's a normal sequential trend that we see from Q2 to Q3. Unless there has been a few times in history where that has not -- we bucked that trend because bioprocessing volumes was through the roof or something. We had to run a burn-off backlog. But generally speaking, that's a normal thing you would expect. It's probably a bit exaggerated by the fact that we saw a much lower volume than anticipated in the European plants.
Dan Carestio: Yes. It's funny. In the Life Science business, when we ship in revenue product, that's really the anxious history for us because oftentimes, those are orders booked a year in advance. And we -- as you indicated, we had really fairly easy comparisons to our Q3 last year in terms of shipments. And then if you recall, we had a really nice Q4. So I think it's those two things. We're not ready to raise the flag yet in terms of a long-term view of what's going on in aseptic manufacturing demand. We know that the long term is a great outlook. But short term, there's still some destocking that's going on and there's still some pressure on big pharma right now. But in generally, long term, clearly aseptic drugs, injectable drugs, biologics, cell and gene therapy, all those type of things, all those markets we serve with sterilization type products and services are going to be in high demand.
Dan Carestio: That's it. It's specific to Europe, too, because we've seen pretty decent recovery in our Asia Pacific plants. So this is a predominantly European demand issue that's just well, not necessarily demand, its ability to deliver health care issue that's taking longer to burn down inventories.
Dan Carestio: That's the communication we get -- we've received from customers. We've had -- many say that they're burning down inventory as much as 40% from where their current levels were. That's a function of what happened during the pandemic and post pandemic and inventory in the supply chains and manufacturing and raw and everything got fairly bloated because of concerns around the surety of supply and that compounded with a reduction in procedure rates over and Europe is taking longer to burn it down.
Dan Carestio: Yes. No, I don't see any fundamental changes really in Healthcare. It's that, once again, as long as our delivery rates stay up high, it should be fairly consistent, plus or minus a -- a bit different to one way or another from quarter-to-quarter.
Dan Carestio: Yes. I guess on the first, we have seen things normalize in terms of regular order base and whatnot. The challenge is a lot of that revenue kind of evaporated and get shifted into Q4 is at least is what we anticipate to some degree or found other venues to get to the customer which we don't really have the ability to track or fully understand. So we'll see what the outcome is of that more definitively this quarter. On the other question, we continue to look at the portfolio in general but no decisions have been made at this point. And as soon as we have something to update you and everyone else with on this matter, we will do so.
Dan Carestio: Yes, I think that to some extent, our ability to justify putting through price increases with customers has to be some basis of cost. And as costs can normalize in certain areas, there will be a market trend towards less price grab, I guess, what I would say.
Dan Carestio: Yes, Dave, this is Dan. It's been very positively received by the customers and also by the regulators with the agency, FDA and we're excited about the program because it does sort of create a lower regulatory barrier, switching barrier for our customers to have more supply chain flexibility when changing different modes of sterilization. So this is something that we felt was important to offer up to the industry and work with the FDA to get that approved. So that there was much more flexibility at a time a couple of years ago when everybody was exposed and challenged. So no material impact in the short term here. Do we expect -- but I think that longer term, it's a great program for us and bodes well for our customers.
Dan Carestio: It does but we have to have the volume is the issue. So we needed to take the cobalt because we've gotten to a deficit position in many of those plants because it's been for some of them over a year since they last loaded. But it doesn't -- it should not have a material effect unless we get more volume than we anticipate. And if we do, we'll be able to run it because we'll have more capacity.
