Michael Tokich: I'm certainly not going to try for next year. But for this year, I would say we are generally experiencing similar kind of trends as we were last year. That is most of our customers, when we talk to them, are saying that they're going to be spending about the same in capital for our type of equipment that they did in 2013, or maybe up a little bit, a couple percentage points, very similar to our conversation last year at this time. Having said that, we have heard from a number of customers that they are going to – even though their plan is to do kind of flat or up a couple percentage points, that they're going to hang onto a few of those dollars early on in the year to see how things work out for them, and so we’re seeing some people being more cautious at the front end of the year. The counter of that is we've actually seen several of those people who said they were holding on starting to release funds. So at this point I'd say it’s too early to call. I think hospitals will be a bit cautious going into this year. But we’re already seeing them beginning to implement their plans. And you're right, we do have a solid backlog right now which is a good thing to have at this point in time. 
Michael Tokich: Well, we believe that there's a lot of opportunity. First we think that business is a growing business, and then second, we think we can grow within that business. We do have parts of the country where we’re geographically stronger and parts of the country where we’re geographically weaker. And like all service businesses it is somewhat local, and so we think we have opportunity there. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, I would say it would not be a fair characterization to say that we will catch up. That is, and I’m going to separate 2 conversations, one is where we will eventually be and the other is when we will eventually be there. So far in the work that we are doing, we are – for the -- I’ll call it the percentage of work that’s complete, the number of parts and/or products that we have completed, we are seeing the expected level of savings in those parts and products. And so we’re not seeing anything that discourages us from feeling that the ultimate savings objectives and for that matter, quality and delivery objectives will not be met. The issue is -- and this percentage is not at all correct, but let’s say we thought we were supposed to be 40% down the path today or 50% down the path today, we’re only 20 or 30% down the path today. So we will be slower than we originally expected and that slowness creates – there's front end costs that we load in. We've purchased machinery which we’re not appreciating which is not -- some of it not running at full capacity or the capacity we expected. We have spent money in order to do the work and we’re not receiving as much benefit as we expected. So it’s strictly a matter of kind of the percentage of amount of work we have done and we’ve -- probably it's a bit more work than we thought originally to get that amount done. But the percentage of work that we have done compares to the percentage we thought we would be. So we’re not at all dissuaded from our view of $8 million to $10 million, it’s just a matter of when it comes in the door. And our expectation still is that relatively speaking we’ll be in that $4 million to $7 million range for next year; this calendar year, our fiscal next year we'll be in that $4 million to $7 million range. We’re not feeling like we’re going to off of that. But so I think -- I hope I’ve been clear on kind of the ultimate objective which will be later than we originally expected, and the timing of that objective. But in terms of the actual work that we had done to-date, we are seeing the kind of improvements that we expected. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, let me address the tax issue first. Most of that differential that we have seen is due to specific discrete item adjustments which has caused our rate to be higher in the third quarter. And we anticipate favorable discrete item adjustments in the fourth quarter which is going to cause our rate to be lower, to give you some perspective there as to why we believe your thinking is correct on the tax rate. And as far as improvements in the fourth quarter, obviously the biggest one that Walt talked about is our bonus and that is about a $5 million impact, year-over-year reduction in SG&A expense versus higher SG&A expenses in last year’s fourth quarter. So that is the big improvement, in addition to the volume that we anticipate coming through which should help our gross margin both dollars and percent in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, Chris, in regards to the Life Sciences operating margin, I mean last quarter we set a record operating margin of almost 22% or so and we said that, that is not something that we believe is sustainable. We believe that upper teens in this business is where our sustainability lies. And your point is well taken about capital, but it really is the mix as every quarter we have different products that are selling and those products tend to have higher or lower gross margins generating that. So it’s really all about the mix within this quarter and the lower volume compared to the prior year that is driving that EBIT margin percent a little bit lower. 
Michael Tokich: Sure, Chris. And I think I spoke about this last quarter if not the quarter before a little more broadly about what we’re kind of loosely characterizing as this project. It’s really not this project, it’s really kind of the way forward for us and that’s the first point. The second point is that this is not a project; this is 6 or 7 projects, some of which are across multiple plans. And so some of those projects are dependent on each other and some of them are independent of each other. And so there's not a real answer to the, when will the project be concluded. Now what we have described to you all in terms of the orders of magnitude spending and the orders magnitude savings, we’re clustering those several projects into a project if you will. But we’ll start new ones next year, next year, next year, I'm sure. The order of magnitude of these are fairly significant which is why we group them together and look for that $8 million to $10 million savings. Some of them are coming kind of to conclusion right now and others are continuing. I think now we would say obviously the $4 million to $7 million, since that’s roughly half of what the objective is, we should expect that we’re about half complete in this coming – our current coming fiscal year, and then the balance will come in the following year. I would think that all or virtually all would be completed in the FY '16 timeframe. Certainly we would be expecting that $8 million to $10 million to be almost all captured if not all captured in that FY '16. 
Michael Tokich: Erin, I would say there's been no radical change in percentage of business being purchased in GPOs or by GPOs, there's been no significant change in pricing, per se. I think this – and I'm talking now about healthcare, I think where you’re primarily pointing. And if I remember right, our healthcare pricing was up about 0.5 point for the quarter. That’s not unusual kind of number. So I don’t think that we’re seeing any radical shift there. I think most of our products, by far, the vast majority of our products have been on GPO contracts for years, if not decades and we have been working with all of the major GPOs for years, if not decades. It's unlike, I will say unlike, what I'll call the classic physician preference type of medical devices where many of them have not been significantly impacted by GPO pricing and GPO interaction. That’s virtually unheard of in our 85%, 90% of our product. We are almost always under some form of contract. So I don’t know of any significant change this quarter versus last. So the only differences would be those of mix and volume and the factors that drive the change in gross margins on the healthcare side. 
Michael Tokich: And also we put the med device tax in gross margin. Some companies put it in OpEx so you have to pay attention to that. But we’ve discussed all those before, but those would be the drivers as opposed to any kind of, I’ll call it general change in contracting and pricing. 
Michael Tokich: The range is relatively large for a 1-quarter guidance. We agree with you and the reason for that, it’s also one heck of a big quarter in terms of the performance we’re expecting. I would say the single -- if you took a single point in question, the single point is volume. We have a very big volume keyed up for the quarter. And when you see a backlog as high as ours is, that is not surprising. So the backlog is high, the volume is high. The biggest question will always be in the last 3 weeks, does this customer who had this $3 million project that he supposedly wanted on March 15, all of a sudden their project is 4 weeks late, therefore they want it on April 15. And so the biggest single issue, and that’s true in the capital business, it's true in both Life Science and healthcare. On a percentage basis it's more true in Life Science because they’re smaller, so one big $3 million order changes their numbers a lot. On healthcare, one $3 million order changes it not so much on a percentage basis but it still can drop $1 million or $1.5 million or $2 million to the bottom line depending on what the products are. So it is purely a matter of volume, almost exclusively capital volume that we would expect to be the driver of that question. And as I said, how the hospitals act in their first quarter of this year, with ACA is our fourth quarter. So we put a little more range of uncertainty around that, although again, from everything they’re telling us, we think the calendar year will probably turn out about right. So that’s at a high level. And there will be other bits and bobs, what happens in currency, what happens on a couple of other issues but I would say the big driver is volume. 
Michael Tokich: Yes, Greg, for the year we’ve spent about $22.5 million and that is about just over 515,000 shares that we bought. And of that about $4 million or just below 90 million shares were bought in the quarter – or sorry, 90,000, yes, not 90 million, sorry. We have $89 million left on the authorization in total that was granted by the board a couple years ago. And again remember, we’re trying to offset any dilution from the option, grants and exercises, I mean that’s really our main purpose right now with our share repurchase program. 
Michael Tokich: And I would even add further, Greg, that it’s not like we had these huge NOLs in these countries, these are relatively small NOLs, so it’s not an overwhelming task to get those back. 
Michael Tokich: That’s exactly right. That was one of the -- in one of the projects that was one on the delaying factors, and we have had – we've made progress in hiring both types of people, both welders and skilled laborers, machine operators really. And we’ve had success adding those people but we continue to add more so -- or want more and need more and add more. So we’re still behind where we’d like to be, but we’ve made progress. 
Michael Tokich: I might mention, Greg, we consider all 3 of those items discrete item adjustments. So the characterization, the breakdown of those are all -- they were all temporal discrete item adjustments. And so kind of the breakdown of why they were discrete item adjustments is a bit arbitrary. So there's -- all these apply back to longer periods than the quarter and so we’re taking them in the quarter and that’s why we don’t expect to see a similar number that's in the next quarter for example. 
Michael Tokich: No, it’s demand ahead of shipments and/or oftentimes, Greg, we have -- basically our business is in 2 buckets; one we call it replacement and the other is big projects. And the big projects almost always had a future delivery date out 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, those kind of things. And the replacements tend to be more, ship it when you can or ship in a month type of products. And so it’s a mixture of those and that’s what creates the shipping schedules. But we have been ramping up our facilities to be able to ship the numbers that we’re talking about. And we did have -- we have had over the 1.5 months, some of our facilities a little weather delay kind of issue, so we’ve had a couple little shutdowns. I’m talking like a day or 1.5 days because ice or snow or power, like everybody’s having these days. But other than that, we’re not seeing any significant difference. 
Michael Tokich: No, we don’t -- as you know we don’t talk about products going forward. Anyway we have -- we are very pleased with our products that we have in the marketplace now. We’ve updated our sterilizer line, it’s doing nicely; we’ve update our V-PRO products, they are moving nicely. On the US Endoscopy side, that’s a business where private development is a key to their success and if you look at the products that they've put out in the last couple of years, they are doing very nicely. They’re probably 40% to 50% of the growth of that business. So kind of across the board we’re feeling good about the products that we have out there. As always, some better than others, but as a general statement we like our product development, what we have in the market and we have more coming. But nothing that I would kind of point out as a single point home run at this point. 
Michael Tokich: Sure, Chris. The first question about the tuck-in, that is exactly what it is, it is a tuck-in regional player in the space that Spectrum is in, and it is a nice tuck-in to that. They had a strong market presence in that region and we were able to work it out with the owners who are staying with the business that we would purchase the business and bring it in for the Spectrum family. So it’s a pure Spectrum tuck-in. For businesses this size, we don’t get into the multiples, but I can say it was certainly in the range of what we paid for the Spectrum acquisition. So ballpark similar. But it's $6 million, so it’s not a big business, relatively speaking. The second question you asked about capital spending in general. And I think I’ve tried to answer it and I’ll try to be more clear. In terms of the year going forward, it appears to us from the best information we have that hospitals will be spending something on the order of flat to slightly up in total capital spending. And so not -- this isn't a 10% growth year go forward capital spending. It looks more like again, flat to maybe couple of percentage points. And then the follow-on is do think -- it wouldn’t surprise us if we see a little bit of hesitancy in their first quarter, in terms of order rates and as a result may see a little slowdown in orders. We haven’t really experienced that to-date although there have been people who have projects who have said, hey, we’re going to hold on for a couple of months, see how things go before we make the final commitment. We’re still planning on doing it. And we’ve actually seen a couple of those release those orders where they were holding on and they're feeling confident enough that they’ve gone ahead and released. So it’s a little bit of a mixed bag. But at this point, we don’t call it any different than we called it last year at the same time. I think that’s pretty much it. And we will, obviously, be watching that because it’s important. And we’ve had -- just we’ve had a very nice kind of back half for the year in order rates. So we've got a good backlog to go into that, which you like to have if there's a little softness in the quarter. It’s nice to have some backlog going in. In terms of replacement versus project, I wouldn’t characterize it as competitive or not competitive. We think everyone is competitive. It’s just that the large projects come in lumpier portions. But the individual orders and the large projects, we haven't seen a radical change in those numbers in the last 1.5 years. They kind of moved around during the crisis, we saw the projects hold up and the replacements go away during the financial crisis 2, 3 years ago and then they’ve kind of moved back into their normal alignment. 
Walter Rosebrough: I used that word loosely, when you said improvement, as it relates to our bonus, but we are a pay for performance company and we have that culture. And last year we had an exceedingly strong finish and so we were above our bonus levels, our 100% level. This year we hit what we had told you we were going to hit.  We will be below our 100% bonus level. So the differential is something under 100% for this year versus something over 100% last year. 
Walter Rosebrough: And I guess the follow-on to Isomedix is Isomedix will wax and wane somewhat as we bring capacity on and fill that capacity. And we did again set kind of a high watermark earlier in the year. And we are going to as always -- we used to have kind of larger chunks of capacity coming in and out, we're trying to have those capacity increases or improvements build more ratably over time. Every once in a while you have to build a whole new facility and then you see significant capacity cost early on. But we always strive for improvements in our margins. But I think Isomedix was getting – is getting right up there. It is worth mentioning that they have significant capital expenditure exposure, so they need to have those good margins on an ROS basis to have appropriate capital returns, which they do have. But we’re pushing pretty high watermarks on Isomedix right now. 
Walter Rosebrough: In addition, I just want to add that the insourcing and Spectrum investment are all healthcare in gross margin. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well, the one nice thing about it, obviously we’ve made a decision that this year we will not be able to use them which is different than our original plan, obviously, as we’ve increased our expected tax rate for the year. The 2 areas that the valuation allowance are put on, we have valuation allowance in a couple different entities. Most of those are indefinite lives so we don’t have a risk of losing those, so as we improve our operations in those foreign entities, we will be able to get really a double benefit as we do get income from those operations and we will be able to use the deferred tax asset here, to also offset the -- and improve the effective tax rate. 
Walter Rosebrough: [indiscernible] other way, renovation is more than 60% and new build out -- we don’t really break it that way. We break into is it a big project, because a new tower or a gutted and redone tower to us is the same kind of project. It’s a big project, there's usually lot of dollars involved, there's lot of effort involved. So we kind of look at it as large project versus relatively small in 2 table orders and 2 light orders that kind of things. 
Walter Rosebrough: Yes, I’m encouraged when they say they’re going to grow 10%. And they’re not saying that, I’m just not discouraged because they’re not saying they’re going to go down 10% or 20%. I think they’re saying we're staying the course of about what we spent last year and maybe up a couple percentage points. So it’s not like – it's not a gangbuster look in the short run, but nor is it a gloom and doom look. So I'd say we're in the middle. But relatively speaking to what capital can as you know when uncertainty rises, capital can slow down, and at this point we're not seeing it. 
Walter Rosebrough: Well, I mean of course we work to do better in the countries that are having issues. But I mean if you just kind of think through what's going on in Venezuela, Thailand, Egypt, Argentina, those countries have significant economic and/or political disruption. And since most healthcare is run by government entities or much of healthcare is run by government entities, that can impact particularly capital spending. It may not impact the routine spending as much. So people are still going to the hospital, but folks may not be -- governments may not be deciding to spend a lot of money on capital when they are under significant pressure. Because most governments, as you know, capital is not treated -- capital is treated as an expense so their budget is kind of a cash budget and/or they may have cash issues. The secondary, the piece that pushes that even further is the fact that they are -- is that their currency have fallen. And where we have the areas that I mentioned in Latin America and Asia Pacific, they have fallen versus the dollar and the euro. Since we tend to manufacture things in the U.S. and Europe, that raises our cost relative to either their ability to pay and/or to local manufacturers. So that puts the pressure on our business. But of course, our job is to find ways to lower our cost and have products that are better and look for the opportunities where they apply. That’s what we are doing and intend to do. 
