Mike Tokich: Thank you, Julie, and good morning everyone. It's once again my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the highlights of our fourth quarter performance. For the quarter, constant currency organic revenue increased 0.3% as favorable pricing was somewhat offset by organic volume, which was slightly lower than last year's strong pre-COVID performance. Key Surgical added $32 million to revenue in the quarter, which is somewhat lower than we originally anticipated due to continued disruption of COVID-19. You will notice that we have a small acquisition called out within AST. In January, we completed the acquisition of one of our suppliers. While this is a vertical integration, we do expect revenue generation of approximately $25 million annually. Gross margin for the quarter was flat with the prior year, at 44.3%, as favorable pricing and cost management were offset by mix and currency. EBIT margin for the quarter was 22.3% of revenue, an increase of 60 basis points from last year. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 25% and 20.7% for the full fiscal year. Higher than last year and higher than our expectations due to income mix from higher tax rate countries and discreet item adjustments including stock compensation. As we noted in the release this morning, we have discontinued the use of LIFO. We believe that the FIFO method of accounting is preferable because it more closely resembles the physical flow of our inventory, aligns how we manage the business, and improves comparability to other companies. Net income in the quarter was flat, at $140.3 million, and earnings per share were $1.63. Our balance sheet is a continued source of strength for the company. Our leverage ratio at the end of the fourth quarter is below 1.9 times as we continue to pay down debt post the Key Surgical acquisition. Considering our cash position of $220 million, access to available credit lines, and a low leverage ratio, we are well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. Following the close of Cantel Medical, we expect our leverage ratio to be about three times as we take advantage of the financing arrangements already put in place, including our first ever public debt offering. During the fourth quarter, capital expenditures totaled $74.8 million, while depreciation and amortization was $59 million. Free cash flow for fiscal '21 was strong at $450.9 million, an increase of approximately $70 million over last year primarily due to working capital improvements somewhat offset by higher capital expenditures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt for his remarks.
Mike Tokich: Yes, Dave, this is Mike. So, obviously, if you look at our guidance, including Cantel, from an EBIT contribution standpoint they'll have similar EBIT margins that legacy STERIS has, and that EBIT margin dollars will be right around $230 million-$240 million contribution for the 10 months of fiscal year '22.
Mike Tokich: Yes, certainly. So, we did -- as Walt and I both mentioned, we did do our first public debt offering for $1.35 billion. We did two tranches, a 10-year and a 30-year, split equally, so about $675 million each. That debt combined is about 3.225%, and then, obviously, the rest of the debt that we have will be between our private placements, term loans, and whatever we draw on our evolving credit facility. So what we are projecting is, all in, from a rate standpoint about 2.5% for the year, and just under $4 billion when we start with Cantel and we close Cantel, and then obviously we anticipate paying some of that down throughout the remainder of this fiscal year. And as Dan and I both mentioned, we have the mindset to get back into the low-to-mid twos some time within the next few years.
Mike Tokich: Yes, so first of all, to answer your question about the segments, Matt. We are going to continue to report capital consumables and services or service for both Healthcare and Life Sciences, and obviously services for just AST as we typically have done. The one factor that we are looking at is dental, is how to break that out. We know it's going to be a separate segment. We've got a little bit of work to do in order to figure out what particular breakout we want to go down there. They do have a lot of instruments, especially around the Hu-Friedy standpoint, so more to come on that. And then, Matt, I don't think we're going to get into that level of detail on the quarterly breakouts. We're about 99 million shares for the year. Obviously, Cantel is adding almost 15 million of those when we close. So, that's about as much detail as I think we're going to give at this point.
Mike Tokich: Yes, Mike, there is but it's not material at all. And going forward, LIFO has become a very small percentage of our inventory pool. So, we will -- actually we did restate the quarters looking back, we will do the same thing and give more detail in the 10-K when we file it at the end of this month. But nothing material that I would say is going to change directionally the company or the outlook for the company.
Mike Tokich: Yes, certainly. Obviously, the deal-related and the integration cost, that $200 million we're anticipating off of free cash flow, we are once again increasing our CapEx pretty substantially both not only on the STERIS side in particular for AST facility expansions, but also continued operating room or ORC expansions, reprocessing expansions within particularly North America. And then we do have about $50 million of CapEx identified specifically for Cantel Medical. But one of the things that we continue to see and Dan talked about it a little bit is on the net income standpoint, we are anticipating that both travel sales and marketing will be up significantly year-over-year. In addition continued R&D spend will also increase, so that's definitely going to have an impact not only on the net income side, but also on the free cash flow standpoint. And then the other thing, we've done a really nice job on this year is improving, and driving improvements in working capital. And we continue to think that we can do that, and then obviously I think there is some opportunity longer term with Cantel on a standalone basis to drive that, but that's going to take us a little bit of time as we integrate the companies to get those benefits Chris.
Mike Tokich: Yes, Mike. So I mean, I would say that our math, they're fairly equal $100 million to obtain cost synergies, and then $100 million for the cost of the deal related obviously, the Attorney's fees, the bankers fees, the accountants fees, the banks themselves going through everything we've done from a financing standpoint, so those are about equal, the bulk of the deal costs should be done, obviously this fiscal year would be our guess. And we'll have a little bit of a tail as we continue to gain some synergies, cost synergies, we'll have to pay for that. Remember, our mindset was, when we did the announcement and our assumptions were in order to obtain that $110 million of cost synergies, it was going to cost us about one for one, from a cost standpoint to attain those synergies, so that's what that $200 million represents.
Mike Tokich: And with dense modestly grow, it is our fastest growing business, modestly grow as it relates to being a life science business that does consumables.
Mike Tokich: Michael, you're right, we did put that financing in place in April. So that is in FY '22 and we'll not be adjusting any of that out. Obviously, it's a two month overhang, if you will, for putting that in place. So you should expect a full-year of the higher interest expense for the Cantel acquisition.
Dan Carestio: Yes, this is Dan, Matt. So, what I would say is the long-term view of Key is still incredibly positive. And they are highly procedurally driven. And if you recall when we've spoken before, they have much more opportunity in Europe, but they also, complimentary, have much more exposure in terms of COVID. And COVID had a much more significant affect in the winter months in Europe than what we had initially anticipated. Now, as we continue to see recovery, both in the U.S. or North American market and the European markets, we're seeing the positive trends of Key, and we're confident it will come back to track with STERIS' normal procedure rate-drive type businesses.
Dan Carestio: It is right, that's what we're modeling now. Cantel was a beneficiary of a lot of PPE sales, and especially in the late summer-early fall months of this year, and those were obviously pandemic-driven and likely not to stick around. So, we've appropriately removed any assumptions on high or continued sustained levels of PPE in the go-forward model.
Dan Carestio: Yes, Chris, what would I say is it's a very different synergy was more of a complimentary revenue play opportunity with a little bit of cost out, because they were largely present in Europe where we had less presence, and there wasn't much overlap between the two. In the case of Cantel, there is significant cost out opportunity. That's why we identified the $110 million target that we're going after. And a lot of that is in some of the leadership compensation and sort of where we have redundancy amongst executives and folks within the organization. So, we're actively working on day one now if you will, all the messaging, all the mapping of who's reporting to who and getting the structures aligned and working with the Cantel teams to get there. So that's the difference between the two deals in terms of where we are. And we do believe there's probably going to be some revenue synergies out of the complimentary portfolio offering, but clearly we're focused on the cost out piece early on. In terms of the other question I think around the margins, we do believe as procedures come back to normal that will continue to drive growth in our AST business and in our reoccurring revenue consumables businesses, especially in the healthcare segment, which tend to be higher margin consumable type annuity businesses. And we do think that as we get back to pre-COVID levels in the back half of our fiscal year, we'll see a significant benefit from that in our overall margin structure.
Dan Carestio: This is Dan. Michael, I would say they're not. They're not material in terms of the broader picture of STERIS. But it does cost some capital, similar to an AST type location and that there is a start-up ramp-up period where it may be initially a bit dilutive until the volume grows. But we build those not on speculation, but on relationship and contracts with our customers. And we're very confident that when we're putting brick and mortar in the ground that we're in a market with committed contracts and customers.
Dan Carestio: They make our e-beam, X-ray equipment, and conveyance systems and control systems for the non-isotope radiation.
Dan Carestio: Yes, I go back to what we've talked about in the past and we got a lift on COVID in life sciences, consumables, but much of it was pre-buying from our customers. It wasn't necessarily attributed to COVID, COVID vaccine demand, there were some, I mean we did get some tailwinds from it, but really it was the buy ahead on products that weren't necessarily relative to COVID vaccine manufacturing. Now, we do think that it did have some positive impact on our capital equipment business. And we saw a number of units sold into Asia in particular that were specifically for vaccine type start-up facilities that they were putting up quickly. Yes, long-term, it's not a negative, I can tell you that. But since you're not going to see, I would assume that we've hit the plateau off the peak and we'll modestly grow from there as opposed to continuing to grow off of the trajectory that we expected to see as it relates specifically to COVID vaccines.
Walt Rosebrough: And relative to STERIS, they are even more heavily procedurally driven and particularly elective procedures. And dental is largely an elective procedure space, and as a result probably a little slower to come back in our thinking. But again, as Dan has mentioned on Key, we don't see any difference the long-term of that. And it's very much like our modeling that we put in place when we did the deal.
Walt Rosebrough: And I think Mike mentioned it was $0.03 this past year. That gives you an order of magnitude; it's not a big deal.
Walt Rosebrough: One other comment too, and that is, we built an awful lot of inventory this year, and just for our fears around supply chain assurity and things like that. And we're still sitting on an awful lot of that inventory. And as we are optimistic that supply chains will get better in the next six months, we'll probably go back to our moral leaner mindset in terms of inventory management, but in an abundance of caution not to stock out for our customers, we've been running a little heavier than normal.
Walt Rosebrough: Chris, I would add just a comment on that, the same thing Dan talked about, this being a much more cost out type of a deal. First of all, we're fortunate in that. I mean fortunate in kind of an odd way, COVID caused both of us to put hiring freezes across much of the company. And so a big piece of those cost synergies are going to be handled by not hiring people that one or both of us would have hired because we have people from the two companies. So, a piece of this will go easier than normal. We haven't built that into our model in terms of the cost of synergies, we've included our -- what I call normal cost of synergies, we could get a break on that, depending on how that works out. Unfortunately, people have to be in the right place, at the right time in their career and all those things. But I think that the real opportunity for us and we're quite good about using people and not laying people off just to hire somebody else. And so I think that's a real positive. And then the second component is, if you look at our history, we eventually get our revenue synergies, we always get our -- got synergies. And so, if I were a betting person, Mr. Carestio and Mr. Tokich has been able to get $110 million, I'd take the bet all day long, for as bigger bet you want to make.
Chris Cooley: I'm sorry. Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. And Walter, just want to say it's been a true pleasure to work with you these 12 years, your accomplishments here have been tremendous and I wish you all the best going forward. Julie, and Mike and Daniel are stuck with me; let's go for 13.
Chris Cooley: Yes. My questions here this morning, if you may, I want to first start on the cash flow guide for the full-year. It's impressive. When we look at the $380 million, obviously inclusive of $200 million in charges if we make -- connect that adjustment you're looking at roughly 13% of the reported revenue guide. But when I think about that, help me kind of unpack what the underlying assumptions are when we think about the margin structure, because in this most recent quarter, on the core STERIS side, obviously you had a record operating margin contribution from AST, Life Science tapered a little with the consumables coming down. Just want to try and make sure I'm understanding kind of what the underlying assumptions are there on getting to that $380 million for the full year. Then I had a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Chris Cooley: Make sense. And I appreciate all the color there. And then just lastly for me, when I think about just maybe bigger picture looking at the integration going forward, obviously willing in key surgical and about to close here on the Cantel acquisition. When we look at the guide, there seems to be some changes versus the last kind of major acquisition the company did. And I'm thinking back to synergy, when we think about the related contribution from growth, and similarly from margin, help me just think a little bit though about kind of how you're approaching this kind of where you see the kind of key milestones. And also I think it's getting -- maybe getting lost a little bit here this morning, that he did step up the core STERIS organic guide versus kind of what we've historically seen here, help us kind of think about again what you see there and implicit in the guide, and what's a little bit different this time when you're doing integration versus synergy. And I realize they're different businesses, but just trying to think a little bit about where the challenges lie, and where you had that had competence? Thanks so much, and again, Walt, all the best.
