Andrew Krakauer: Thanks Craig. In summary this quarter has been a particularly great success for the company much of it driven by this atypical demand due to the H1N1 outbreak. Given the increasing levels of vaccine supply and the recent abatement in influenza cases, I anticipate a return to historic levels of purchasing for our face masks for now. We do not give specific guidance but I expect Cantel to return to a more normal level of business for now in general.  However, I do note this pandemic has raised global public awareness around the importance of infection prevention and control and we continue to see future opportunities ahead as healthcare professionals, governments and the general public embrace the seriousness and the need for greater attention to preventing the acquisition and transmission of infection.  Specifically on H1N1, obviously I cannot predict what is going to happen more than anybody else can. At the moment it seems to be abating but none of us can predict what is going to happen in the traditional flu season January through March. We know that there are a lot of people that are not taking the H1N1 flu shot because they are afraid to take it. Maybe nothing will happen or maybe it will mutate, or it could expand in the winter months. These are all future things that we will just have to wait and see what happens. For now our commercial channels have been satisfied with their supplies.  My take-away from this quarter is that Cantel has tremendous earnings capability in its portfolio. We did make $0.37 with the products that we have and sell. We are always looking for ways to maximize these opportunities whether they are short-term, medium or long-term. We will capitalize on these opportunities opportunistically just as we did with face masks in this quarter and the fourth quarter of last year.  More importantly we are proactively working to develop many more of these prospects and we will [go over that] whether it be more disposables or equipment or chemistry. We are continuing our initiative to increase the profitable growth of the company into the future. The main strategy for fiscal year 2010 is to substantially increase R&D and technology spending as well as our sales and marketing investments and continue our effective acquisition program. What we are talking about here are several million dollars of incremental investments which we believe are appropriate expenditures to make for our future growth.  Besides adding greater marketing and sales strength and coverage to various businesses, these investments are designed to greatly accelerate our R&D efforts in liquid chemical germicides, development of new equipment in water purification and endoscoping processing, accelerating our advancement of new and novel filter applications, increasing our efforts in the alternate channel development and aggressively looking for strategic acquisitions.  With these greater investments we hope to further accelerate the growth rate of the company in fiscal year 2011 and beyond. While we are making these investments for the future our base business is solid. Every segment is performing well with our focus on growing disposables, parts and service, which now make up 75% of our revenue and because we sell somewhat recession buffered products we have a solid base with cash producing businesses from which to grow.  On another note we were pleased to announce this quarter that Cantel was chosen by the S&P index selection committee to be included in the S&P Small Cap 600 Index. This is a significant positive statement about Cantel Medical. The criteria to be selected include many factors including specific earnings and trading volume guidelines but the net conclusion is that to be selected a company must have a market capitalization between $200 million and $1 billion and be investment grade quality. We believe this exhibits a certain value about Cantel that will make it more attractive to investors. Cantel is now also in the S&P 1500 Index as well.  Before I take any questions let me close by telling you we are still very excited about the prospects of Cantel Medical. We look forward to implementing our strategic growth plan that we are working on now and we are committed to profitably growing the company while serving our customers and benefiting our shareholders. With that, I will open the call to questions.   :
Andrew Krakauer: I would expect it to be fairly constant. I am still expecting some significant success in the U.S. which will keep the percentage where it is even as we get successful in some areas internationally. For example that pharmaceuticals business I was talking about at the moment is starting out in Europe. But I hope to see the US growing as well. I would say it is going to be pretty much the same although I do believe international growth is an opportunity. 
Andrew Krakauer: Let me just put it this way. I would not be unhappy if we were able to grow those businesses and develop the chemistry that would start moving that number beyond 75%. On the other hand, I would not be unhappy if our equipment sales start returning to significant growth as the economic conditions around the world improve. So if everything was growing and the equipment businesses were returning and we stayed at 75% I would still [still be happy] but I think in general I see that number probably still increasing a bit. 
Andrew Krakauer: We are very actively looking for acquisitions led by Seth here. Let me just give you flavor. We are looking at several different areas. We would like to continue to add both products and service coverage in the water business plus with what we have just done with G.E.M. That is one. We are looking in general for acquisitions that could help us in our liquid chemical germicide businesses with products that can be sold throughout all the sales forces we have and all the different markets we have completed. And we also have a particular focus and are interested in companies that are in some ways related to helping us expand into the hospital business in general. So those are our big categories. 
Andrew Krakauer: Again thanks everybody for listening. I look forward to speaking to everybody on our second quarter fiscal year 2010 conference call in March. Thanks again. Goodbye. 
