Julie Winter: Thank you, Jane, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you to STERIS's fiscal 2015 first quarter conference call. Thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. As usual, participating in the call are Walt Rosebrough, our President and CEO; and Mike Tokich, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Now just a few words of caution before we begin; this webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of today. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call without the expressed written consent of STERIS is strictly prohibited. I would also like to remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements relating to the company, its performance or its industry, that are intended to qualify for protection under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. No assurance can be given as to any future financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even if events make it clear that any projected results, expressed or implied, in this or other company statements will not be realized. Investors are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in today's earnings release. As a reminder, during the call we'll refer to non-GAAP measures including adjusted earnings, free cash flow, backlog, debt-to-capital and day sales outstanding, all of which are defined and reconciled as appropriate to reported results in today's press release or our most recent 10-K filings, both of which can be found on our website at steris-ir.com. With those cautions, I will hand the call over to Mike.
Julie Winter: Thank you Wal and Mike for your comments. We are now ready to begin the Q&A session, so Jane would you please give the instructions and we will get started.
Julie Winter: This concludes the conference call. Thanks everybody for joining us and your interest in STERIS and have a great day.
Walt Rosebrough: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our first quarter call. Mike has covered the financials, so I will focus on a few qualitative highlights from the quarter. We are pleased to start a new fiscal year with strong results that are in line with both our expectations (inaudible). As you would expect in the first quarter of our fiscal year, sequential organic growth has slowed somewhat but we are still delivering solid revenue growth along with the results of our recent acquisitions. Our healthcare segment had strength in both consumable and service revenue and flat capital equipment sales. In the consumable franchise we had growth across the board and in particular instrument cleaning chemistry such as Prolystica, (inaudible) high level disinfection chemistry for GI departments. The new necessary products in our U.S. endoscopy business and the consumable and sterility assurance products that are related to our growing installed base of V-PRO hydrogen peroxide sterilizers. On that note, we have received FDA clearance for use of our V-PRO verified biological indicator with most of J&J Sterrad hydrogen peroxide sterilizers during the quarter. We continue to be optimistic about the success of our V-PRO equipment and the related consumables. Our service business in healthcare is also growing. In part, from the IMS acquisition that closed in May. Revenue from IMS accounted for about two-thirds of our healthcare service revenue growth in the quarter but our organic growth was nice as well. Our integration plans are well underway for IMS and we are successfully integrating our specialty service businesses. As you know, we are expecting both revenue and cost synergies in this business and we are seeing indications of both. Beyond the IMS acquisition, we saw strong specialty service organic growth as well as an increase in insulations from the high level of capital equipment shipped in the fourth quarter. In healthcare capital equipment, our shipments were bit softer that we anticipated in the quarter as organic revenue was down slightly. However, with the very strong shipments we experienced last quarter and our backlog showing growth both sequentially and year-over-year, we believe this to be timing. We continue feel that the hospital of capital spending remain stable as we have said for several quarters and that our shipments will pick up over the course of the fiscal year. On the Life Science side of our business, we had another strong revenue quarter for both consumables and service which has helped us maintain our operating margins, offsetting net growth our capital equipment shipments were lower than we had anticipated. As you know, capital shipments in Life Science are particularly lumpy, this the consecutive quarter without year-over-year growth. In particular, we have seen some softness in the former side of the business where there are economic issues impacting growth for the industry, especially in Eastern Europe. However, we have seen orders picking up for the past several weeks and our backlog is back to historic levels. As a result, we expect sequential improvements in the business. For the year, we anticipate that shipments will improve but overall capital equipment will remain under pressure causing total Life Science revenue growth to be headed somewhat. We expect the strength in service and consumables to offset any weakness in capital from margin prospective. Isomedix revenue continues its growth pattern posting 6% revenue growth in the quarter. This reflects filling in capacity we have added in the past couple of years due in large part to continued demand from our core medical device customers. As you already know, we are planning to add additional capacity in this segment as volume has somewhat outstripped our long term expectations. From a total company prospective, we did a good job of maintaining gross margin sequentially holding steady at our yearend level despite substantially less volumes. As we anticipated the impact to the IMS acquisition is somewhat dilutive to operating margins in the quarter although in total we did see nice year-over-year improvement. We have work to do to get to our full year anticipated 15% margin rate which is just as we planned at the beginning of the year. Our first quarter is on our plan to meet that target and we believe we are well positioned to continue to do so for the balance of the year. And of course we are very pleased that our people produced adjusted earnings per share at $0.54 for the quarter, an increase of 23% over prior year. This is a great start to our year and we have increased confidence in our ability to meet our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.78 to $2.91. With that I will turn the call over to Julie to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
Walt Rosebrough: Yes, you are correct. The backlog was up in the fourth quarter, 5% year-over-year and we ended the first quarter up 4%, it’s about $15 million in total backlog increase.
Walt Rosebrough: I would not say that there were significant timing delays or it is we got to sit down and do the actual math, it’s like an inventory problem, so exact same math but backlog is up for the quarter and shipments were down a bit for the quarter but again mathematically it’s just a matter of filling in time those data but there was no significant what I would call, any significant change in order pattern or any significant change in delays and shipment for the quarter. We were just off a bit versus prior year and slightly behind our expectations and that’s not unusual, several million dollars can move either way pretty easily. So nothing that I would call significant which is why we think there are capital forecast for the year is still steady.
Walter Rosebrough: I will have to get on the detailed map but I think on net it's about a wash, if you compare it to last year though, that's the savings.
Walter Rosebrough: And in terms of disruptions, there was no disruption in the quarter. We actually did have a couple of cobalt loadings which does cause a little lessening of revenue but it is typical for us to have cobalt because we have a number of plants. It's just we had a little more than normal in this most recent quarter.
Walter Rosebrough: Those are the two major drivers that we have seen both materials some of that being chemicals and then on the inflation just normal inflation as, it’s probably couple of percent, it's just general inflation raises kick in and the like year-over-year.
Walter Rosebrough: All of the improvements in the IMS integration will not fully be materialized for a body team once I would say that when we look at integration plan that's roughly the timing of the completion, full completion integration as is often the case, some of those occur relatively quickly which they are just as we would plan. Some of them take longer and that's indeed what's going on. This is generally not an integration where we were looking at for example having two factories, you pull one factory and you only have one. This is largely we expect to see the results of the cost side of the integration. We expect to see the bulk of that occurring as we grow into our service force. So because it's geographically related about half the business is heavily geographically related, as we add more sort of this into geography on a percentage basis, we have to add less people. And so largely we are expecting this to be revenue growth kind of growing into our own skin if you will the various organizations. There is a piece, however, that we are seeing quicker which we anticipated seeing quicker which is we both, now there were five or six businesses here and all of them outsourced some portion of the business, some of them tended to be stronger scope prepare, some of them tended to be stronger and instrument repair and they were in many cases, outsourcing a portion of the work in the area they tended to be less strong. And now we are outsourcing to each other. So we have captured, we are capturing and will continue to capture more of that margin where as opposed to outsourcing to a third party, we are outsourcing if you will to ourselves or we are insourcing to ourselves that piece we are picking up more rapidly. The other piece will take more time.
Walter Rosebrough: The answer is no. It is geographically differential if you will. We have certain plans, sort of pretty close to capacity. We have certain plans that have ways to go. Some of that is because of recent capacity adds and so you can't make a general characterization is all of Isomedix will add capacity but we do have room to grow in certain of our facilities, we have facilities that are fairly full. And part of what we do is we work with our customers to the extend we can if we have a less full plan and we can move some of their businesses to one of those, we do that as long as geographically appropriate. But in general, we are fuller than we were let's say two years ago or so. And we are approaching capacity and certain of those factories but that's why we are adding capacity in the near future. So we generally would not want to ever get to where we are running full capacity because then we have no room for growth. We try to put the capacity in place ahead of the growth.
Walter Rosebrough: Sure. I am going to break those into two questions Chris. On the first, in the healthcare side, I wouldn't characterize any significant change in mix in healthcare one versus the other in terms of products. Now we do have, as you might expect sometimes we have new products coming and what we do our people might slow down a little bit on the sale of the older one our customers may slow down on the purchase of the older one waiting for newer one and we are always releasing products in kind of all of our families. So there maybe some minor variations going on there but as a general statement I would say relatively speaking the IPT segment has been strong, part of that is driven by the particular strength in hydrogen peroxide sterilization, so V-PRO has been quite strong. So there maybe a little tip that way for that purposes. Our washers had been very strong. They have kind of softened a little bit and our sterilizers have picked up but I would not characterize anything that's kind of is overwhelming strength or weakness and things do have been flow a little bit across the product lines. Now this is a little bit or memory reach but we were very strong in surgical a couple of quarters ago. I remember it and we have kind of gone back to the mean and that's the way things tend to run. So again there is nothing that I would say mix-wise, I think the product that I would point out. We have seen mix in geography. North America has stayed very solid for quite some time now as we have said. We have seen kind of a back and forth across the ocean that is our European business has picked up nicely, MEA has picked up nicely for now a fairly long time, six to nine months, so I would say that they have been strengthening and whereas year or two ago, they were showing weakness. We have seen the Asia-Pacific market and the Latin American market trade places and that's not particularly unusual that there are smaller businesses, so we do give more variation there. Last year we were talking about great Latin America was and how weak Asia-Pacific was. Right now we would say Asia-Pacific is stronger and Latin America is weaker but those are relative statements and nothing that I would consider out of the ordinary. So in healthcare, yes there is some movement around but it's what I would call normal movement. On the Life Science side, we have clearly seen the pharma guys the last year so backing off a bit and particularly Eastern Europe and there is a lot going on these Eastern Europe these days and there is we are seeing some more consolidation in that space. So we have seen some reduction there. And the good news is we have actually seen the research market starting to pick up a little bit and research has been non-existed, I am over stating a little bit for fact but research has been very dead for a long time. We are talking not months but years. And that seems to be actually picking up a little bit. So we are feeling better about that. And then on the pharma side, because these orders are longer term in nature, we do have visibility that and we just have seen a number of orders coming in recently on the pharma side and we are seeing some more pipeline. Lastly, we have some new products in that area that are coming which we are confident. So if you put that all together, that's what creates our view of the future on the Life Science capital side. Although we do think it is still under pressure. It's not where we would say the healthcare space is. But again the converse is the consumable service side has been quite strong. It's not unusual that people don't buy new stuff, they have to service the old stuff. So there is some increase in that as a result of that my view but that would be I think pretty decent summary Chris.
Walter Rosebrough: Sure and I will step back and say from beginning, we don't provide quarterly guidance. And so I am not going to do so. Here in the annual when we laid our plan out at the beginning of the year, we did say that our best expectation was it would be similar to or mirror our last year's timing and so we don't have a difference of views on that today. That first quarter came in pretty much as we expected and we kind of expect similar things going forward. So we don't have a change of view at all there. In terms – and it is mathematically correct, you can't start below the average and get to the average unless you get the average, unless you get above it. So that's true but if you were back and looked at our previous years, you would see that there – that we have had a ramping during the course of the year and then actually we moved up year-over-year too. So in both ways to look at it we are on a north bound express way and so we intend to continue that. Part of the issue is purely volume that is the back half of the year is stronger than the first half of the year, when that happens, our fix cost don't rise and so there is a bit of timing question and we don't amortizes our plans and equipments and all that on a per use basis it's on a per day basis. So that creates a part of it. The second part we have talked about is we bring IMS in and integrate with those other businesses we expect to see margin expansion there and then the third significant piece is we have continued down on our insourcing path and we fully expect to see significant reductions in our cost as result of that insourcing and that we see more into the year to the beginning. All three of those areas we think that we are on the pathway that we are literally on our plan, we are on the pathway to get where we expected to go. So we fully expect to achieve those. But those are probably the biggest issues that we need to – those are biggest issues we need to in order to meet the plans we have in place.
Walter Rosebrough: Yes I would say the answer in general is yes that is since all three of them are kind of headed down a year – a plan and year as pathway and if I were off any of those three, I would be less confident the fact that I am on the three makes me more confident. So it's true pretty much for us to board but in terms of I suspect in terms of any one item when we bought IMS we bought our IMS now we have been running IMS for while that's coming out looking like we thought it would and that's always a little bit of a pig in a poke, any acquisition no matter how much you think no matter how much you do due-diligence, there is something in the book, bit to it and we are finding that what we purchased is what we expected the purchase and the early on indications both on the revenue side, the customer acceptance side, and on the cost side we have not seen anything that detours us from our original thinking and that's always a comforting fact even if it's only couple of months.
Michael Tokich: We have continued to do routine reporting with the agency to correct any deficiencies that they view have occurred or are occurring and there are increased costs which we have put into both our plan and then to our actual. So we do anticipate spending significantly more in the quality side of that business but in terms of – that we did occur some of that cost in the quarter and we did – and we indeed anticipate incurring more but those are bills cost are assumed or put into our plan and are offset by increased deficiencies due to the growth in the business and utilizing the capacity. So the numbers you see include those costs.
Michael Tokich: And Matt just to give some context we are talking about single digit millions here of that cost increases.
Michael Tokich: Yes, I wouldn't characterize anything radically normal inflation as you know oil has picked up a bit in the last quarter. So anything that's oil related may have a little pick up and then we are seeing some commodities picking up a little bit but again it's not anything that's a ramping inflation.
Michael Tokich: We appreciate the confidence. We like to walk before we run 10 to 15, we think it's pretty good approach and we will work on the balance after that. And as a general statement as you know I like businesses to be over 15. I started to get little handsy in this kind of space I get handsy where they get upwards to 20 or over 20 but we do not see a constraint on that objective. We will walk before we run.
Michael Tokich: Sure Chris. I would say we have not changed our view of how we allocate capital that is we do. We protect the dividend and we intend to grow the dividend. We intend to, provide funding for the businesses we are already in to grow and defend and grow those businesses. Thirdly we look for acquisition and in looking for acquisitions we look at two factors. The first is that it return the cost of capital that we are comfortable with and the second is that we compare to buying back our own stock and so we look at both those factors we are making those decisions and then lastly if we have not exhausted our capacity we look at purchasing back our own stock and as you guys know I guess the modest shift is four, five years ago, we had less opportunity on the acquisition side and more opportunity on the buy back stock side. So we did that. The last year, year and half, we have seen more opportunity on the acquiring businesses that fit our business and less as a result less on the stock buyback that we will make those decisions exactly the same way and you never know what you can and can't get done on the acquisition side but we do have a robust pipeline, we still think we have opportunities that there. In terms of the international versus U.S. we have grown interestingly enough, our ratio of revenue in U.S. versus O.U.S. has been roughly constant the last five or six years as because the organic growth O.U.S. has been faster than inside the U.S. and we have done more acquisition inside the U.S. We have done some deals outside the U.S. Eschmann is the most recent another one but we would but certainly consider acquisitions outside the U.S. we do have those in our pipeline as well as those inside the U.S. We don't radically favor one versus the other. If you look at what's the total market and what's the business and how does it fit and the strategic fit to us is the number one criteria.
Michael Tokich: Sure the company you are discussing with Service Italia. It's a relatively small it's small investment for us. You are correct it is a as a combination of the two things it is a historic relationship that Service Italia has purchased services and goods from us for a number of years. So we have dealt with them for a very long term. And they have been a good customer of our. So we are doing two things simultaneously, the first is we are clearly expanding that customer relationship so they are going to be purchasing more of our equipment and services and then secondly we will be potentially entertaining doing some joint venture type of work with them as it relates to hospital outsourced sterilization of reusable surgical equipment. And so we are looking, it’s an exploratory issue at this point in time. We do expect to do some business I don't think you will not see material change in the next 12 to 24 months as a result of this which is why we didn’t make an announcement it's not material for our earnings rate or holdings. It is material for them which is why they didn’t make an announcement but it's an interesting opportunity for us. We will be again gaining some business and we are also be find and learn understand more about that side of the business.
Michael Tokich: We if you look kind of generally speaking, we are still seeing what we think are single-digit kind of underlying growth rate if you will pretty much across the board for our as long time we are talking about North America now, pretty much across the board in all of our lines. So that's kind of our expectation and so far in terms of what we are seeing in terms of share value amount not revenue necessarily because revenues change but we think we are still seeing orders of magnitude that level of volume.
Michael Tokich: Yes from a revenue standpoint, there were about two thirds of our total service improvements. Service grew 43% total sales so they were two-thirds of that on the revenue side. And then basically by the time they got to the bottom line they were in roughly they were as expected 10% margin area which we anticipated would occur.
Michael Tokich: I wouldn't characterize it any different at all. We had a number of products that we were bringing to market and we have more so I wouldn't characterize it any different at all.
