Mark Douglas: Yes, Steve. Thanks for the question. I think you're hitting on something that I think you're hitting on something that I sort of touched on in the script when I said that part of the growth of the future of the diamide is going to be how that insecticide landscape changes. And you're right, neonics are under pressure; organophosphates, some of them are certainly under pressure; and some of the pyrethroids as well. So when you look at those major classes of chemistry, we do believe that either the diamides as they are built today and formulated today will take share in certain parts of the world from all of those three classes. But more importantly, I think the way we're going to formulate and our partners are formulating these products, I think you'll also see that accelerated market share gain against those three classes of chemistries. And, by the way, there are other chemistries out there as well that are older. Those are just happens to be the big ones. So part of the growth is going to be that share gain. And we've already seen that. You can see that the diamides are growing strongly as some of the other technologies are declining. I don't see that slowing down. In fact, for everybody that watches this space, you can see the regulatory environment is getting tougher and tougher. That bodes well for the diamides. And, frankly, for the next set of insecticides that we will launch over the decade out of our new pipeline. So, very strong growth expected. And, yes, some of it will be against those different types of classes of products.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. There's a lot wrapped up in that question. I'm going to try and tackle it with a few different angles because there's a few things that are connected here. First, when you look at what we've said on the cost side, in our February guide, we had about $90 million of negative cost. And we're now up into the 150-plus-million-dollar range. As we've gone through the first half of the year, we've continued to see that many of our raw materials from not only a cost standpoint but from an availability standpoint which ultimately does drive the cost have started to increase and not slow down. This started with the wave of the commodity changes that we saw due to various issues around the world whether it was the Texas freeze or other things in China. And that has now spread into the intermediates and the fine chemicals. So, we're seeing this wave continue through the business. And we took the decision without procurement groups and the commercial groups with what we saw coming, we felt it was the most prudent way to forecast the rest of the year from a higher cost perspective. So, we see the second half of the year cost is significantly higher than the first half. We had about a $55 million cost headwind in the first half of the year. We’ve got approximately a $96 million to $100 million headwind in the second half. Now you have to put that in the context of what is happening in the overall marketplace in terms of volume. If you look at our volume growth, we have increased our volume expectations for the year on the back of very good demand for our portfolio. And we're seeing that pretty much across the world. I would say, the only exception is Europe from what we saw in Q2. But certainly, Latin America and North America, we're seeing that volume demand. And the way our portfolio is built because of the high EBITDA margins as a drop through, we have now taken the decision that it is actually better for us to take advantage of that robust market, go and get volume rather than get price. Now, it's not to say price is not moving. It is. We have roughly a $37 million to $40 million price advantage in the second half of the year. Most of that comes in the fourth quarter as we roll into the North American and Brazilian seasons. That's where you're going to see the most price. So you put all that together. You can see, we're making some strategic decisions. We know we can take volume at high margin. So we're going to do that rather than go for the price, although we are going for price in two parts of the world. The other part of your question was, what does that mean for 2022? Well it's very early right now, but think of it in this context. The way FMC manages its inventory and the costs flow through as we have essentially a six-month delay in the costs hitting the P&L. So the costs that we incur in the first half, impacts the second half of the year. The costs that will incur in the second half will impact in the first half of 2022. I don't see costs going down in the second half of this year. That means, we are likely to have similar cost structure in the first half of next year. However, if we look at the way this curve is shaping out it may well be that the first half of next year, the costs start to come down and we would see the benefit in the second half of next year. So it is going to be a very much a year of two halves. To what degree? We don't know yet. We are right at the very beginning of our budget process. So we'll have more clarity as we get into the fourth quarter on that. But that's kind of how we're thinking about this from just a high level flow of costs into 2022.
Mark Douglas: Yeah, sure. So if you think about -- if you think about the Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr, you look at the chart, the donut chart on slide 13 on the far right-hand side. We've given a breakdown of our diamide sales by crop. It's very different for Cyazypyr. Cyazypyr is almost 100% fruit and vegetables, at this point in time. So for Cyazypyr, which is growing very quickly. It's now just north of $300 million in 2020. It’s growing well this year. I think the fruit and vegetable market for Cyazypyr has a long way to go. When you think of the size of that business not only in Asia, but in places like Mexico where we're growing strongly, we're seeing Cyazypyr take share. I think the other aspect that I would highlight is that a lot of our business today is not in brand new formulated products. It is in the active ingredients that's formulated to be used. Our partners and does now are branching out with pretty sophisticated formulations that take us into new spaces. So it's not just a crop perspective, it's a pest spectrum. For instance, our Elevest formulation in the US. It is a Rynaxypyr plus bifenthrin which is a pyrethroid. The pyrethroid gives you very fast knockdown of insects. So you have a different mode of action which enhances the use of the Rynaxypyr. It's those types of activities that not only FMC is doing, but many of our partners are now formulating and getting registrations for formulations that we don't have. So I think of it as the fruit and vegetable market. I would say expansion in Asia, parts of Latin America, and then I would also say Eastern Europe, Mid East, Africa for Rynaxypyr as well. So you can tell by the way we think about this. There's an awful lot of growth left in and not only how we formulate the products, but the geography and the crop and the pest aspect. I hope that helps a little bit, Laurent.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. You’re right. It's not going to be linear. I mean, you have products that lose a registration. So in any one year, you could have an acceleration of other products, replace them. Certainly, when I think about where we are today in that 12% to 13% range, over the next decade we should be adding another 300 to 400 basis points of market share as the market grows. So you don't only take in the current market, you're taking growth in the extended market. And that's one of the reasons why we see this robust growth. And it's not just FMC that sees that robust growth. Our partners see it too. That's why they're investing early to get into this molecule ahead of patent expiration as we go through the decades so that they can build their positions and take share in these other chemistries as well.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. So you're right. We tend to focus on Brazil, but let's be clear, we have some other large pieces of business that are growing very rapidly in Latin America. And I would single out Mexico, where we're seeing extremely strong growth on all the fruit and vegetable complex as well as on corn, not just with the diamides, but with our other herbicide products as well. And as we grow our -- start to grow fungicide portfolio, Argentina is becoming a very important country for FMC. We're well north of $200 million in revenue. Our portfolio fits very well there from a insecticide and herbicide for the soy complex. So we see Argentina growing very well. And then I singled out a couple of the Andean countries as well. They're small but they're growing very well for us. And they're high value because it's again a fruit and vegetable market. For Brazil itself, I made the comment in the script that we have over 70% of the orders in hand for the -- to deliver our full year expectations in Brazil. That's probably, I would guess, about 15% more than we had at this time last year. So already we can see that the growers themselves are much more bullish on expectations. Think about the comment that I made about the cotton growers already telling us that we're going to see a reversal in cotton acres. We're going to see approximately 15% more than we saw last year. And you look at the latest forecast, it's forecasted that for the first time Brazil will plant more than 40 million hectares of soy. That's up 3% to 4% on the prior year. We're growing our applications on soy especially with insecticides and strangely enough, not the diamides; our other insecticides that are very good on piercing pests such as stinkbugs. So you put all that together. We are very bullish on Latin America. The situation feels very different to last year. Now, if there is a weather issue, you know what, that's going to impact everybody. It will impact us at some point. We'll deal with that as we go through the year. But the indications are right now that the weather in Brazil and Argentina should be more normal than it was last year.
Mark Douglas: Yeah, there's a couple of things there, Vincent, that they’re not necessarily obviously joined together. For instance, the new products sales that you see, we register that in volume, where you look at our full-year chart. So, it's mixed in with all the regions, it’s not separated out. Those new products essentially North America very, very strong growth in North America. We're also seeing growth in Asia and a little bit in Europe, but I would say this season, with the types of products, North America, the US in particular and Australia with the herbicide launch of Overwatch. Those new products did not influence our decision to go and get volume on other parts of the portfolio. That is occurring naturally in terms of the new product introductions. And unless you remember, some of those markets, in fact, most of them are markets where we're not cannibalizing ourselves. Overwatch Herbicide is a brand new market for us. It is a serial herbicide, the first one we have. It's brand new market space for us. So, we're not cannibalizing and it's not impacting the rest of the portfolio in terms of how we think about volume demand. We have requests for volume across our portfolio whether it is pre-ermergent herbicides in the US, whether it is getting ready for the fungicide launches in the US. So it's more broad-based than the new products. I wouldn't mix them up -- I wouldn't mix them up like that. And then you know what, we have extremely high incremental value. When you look at the dropdown from a volume perspective, it's very high for us right now. So that also helps us make that decision, go get the volume.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. I'm glad you said it that way, Mike. I think, listen, importantly for us we are right on track through our five-year plan. And we've had significant headwinds during the year, during the period from 2018 to today. Yet we're still growing in that 5% to 7% top line range. I would model on a 5% to 7% top line next year. Yes, costs will potentially look different. Pricing may look different depending on how much price we get versus our plan this year and also into the first quarter of next year where we'll be raising prices again. I would simply model on that 5% to 7% range and then we will give more guidance as we walk through the end of this year. Probably in the November call, we'll start to give you a little more clarity. And then in the February call, we'll give you the actual numbers. But I would stick with that 5% to 7%. There are so many moving pieces. I mean, think about it, at the EBITDA line, we had $600 million of FX and raw material costs since 2018, yet we're right on in the range of our five-year plan. So, it just shows the resilience of the portfolio, our crop and geographic mix, and our ability to offset what our enormous costs that have flown through the organization.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Frank. Look, if you look at our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a high level of cash. And I mentioned, it’s in my prepared comments, we have some cash and some overseas subsidiaries who weren’t able to get back to the US this quarter, which has sort of limited our ability to buy back at the pace we might have anticipated. When you look at the timing of that movement, as well as just the timing the generation of cash, I think you should expect that our -- the pace, the sequence of our buybacks is this year is much more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. We will be -- we're looking at alternatives to bring that cash back to the US here this quarter, but not clear of the exact timing. But that $350 million to $450 million buyback range for the full year very much in reach It just will be a bit more backend loaded in Q4 than what we'd initially anticipated.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Listen, I have absolutely no wavering on our targets whether it's the top line or EBITDA. I mean, think about our latest guidance for this year. We're growing EBITDAR at 6% this year. And that's pretty close to our 7% to 9% despite $150 million of headwinds that we were not expecting when we started the budget process last year. So no, Joel, I think when I look at the portfolio of the company and the growth opportunities and I am very encouraged by the $130 million of revenue from products put in the marketplace this year alone. We have about $400 million of sales this year that have come from products that we've launched over the last three years. So that growth algorithm is very much in place, plus the fact that those products have higher margin than our general portfolio and the products that are dropping off the other end are at a much lower margin. So I have no reason to believe that the EBITDA projections of 7% to 9% are not unrealistic at all and we are certainly as confident as we were when we put the plan together. So, yeah, very much in that range.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Well, listen, I think the fact that we're over 80% of that class and those products have been around for a while tells you that the growth algorithm for what we have. The products are different. I mean, when you look at Rynaxypyr, it has just unbelievable residual activity versus the other diamides that are out there. They may be in the same class of chemistry, but they're not the same chemistry. And that's important when you look at things like residual pest spectrum, etcetera. So we do see our products continue to outpace the rest of the diamides that are in there. And, let's be honest, there's only three or four of them from different companies. I expect our growth rates will continue and that 80% number will go up over time.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. It did, John. I think the amount is roughly about $50 million to $60 million. And it's not -- it wasn't like Q1 exactly, where it all went to one region. It did go to a couple of regions. But certainly, the growth rate in Latin America without that would have been very high single digits versus the 15% that we showed on the chart. So, there is an offset in Latin America, a little bit in a couple of the other regions. But I think that's how you should think of it, $50 million to $60 million, most of it in Latin America; a little bit in the others.
Mark Douglas: No, it's about -- I'll take the second part first, Mike. It's about the same. It's about 150 basis points of revenue. Most of it is in Europe, a little bit in Latin America as well. I've kind of normal -- we kind of muddle about 1.5% drag on revenue through the registration elements that flow every year. It can go as high as 3%. We had one year where it was 3%, but that was a deliberate action by us. I would expect it to be in that 1.5% range as we go forward. From a weather perspective, yeah, the spring was certainly late and cold which impacted us. We are seeing increased pest pressure now with the weather as it is which is good from an insecticide perspective. The fall is very important The fall is very important for autumn applied herbicides for cereals. We'll see if the weather is good there then that certainly helps Q4. But I've talked about this year and how we're not expecting a lot of growth out of Europe. And I think that's a fair way to look at Europe this year given the weather issues. I don't think we're being too bullish on Europe. Now, next year, if weather improves, we have a more normal season, we should see a good uptick in Europe next year.
Mark Douglas: Yeah, Mike. So, from our perspective, the way the contracts are written, they have to be advantageous for the partner who has to make money in the markets they're in and it can't be dilutive to us. And that's how we view it. So from an EBITDA margin perspective, these products are equally as important as the branded products that we sell. They gain access and what they're financially extremely attractive to us and financially attractive to our partners. So we have that win-win. But obviously don't disclose the margins of these products or with our partners or ourselves. Suffice to say that we're very happy with the financial performance of our partner growth. But obviously, our partners keep growing. So they're also very happy with the financial performance as well.
