Mark Douglas: Thanks Andrew. FMC's performance in 2021 was the result of strong volume and pricing gains as well as overall favorable market backdrop. Our operations and procurement teams worked hard to overcome persistent supply chain and logistics challenges that continue to disrupt the global economy. We expect 2022 will be another year of volatility. From a cost standpoint, second half input costs are somewhat unclear at this time. We are closely monitoring any potential COVID-related impacts particularly in China as well as potential logistics issues around the world. However, it's important to recognize that these 2022 challenges are set against the backdrop of solid agricultural market fundamentals and strong demand for our industry-leading products and technologies. We remain confident in our 2022 guidance and another year of healthy growth, driven by pricing new and recently launched products from our synthetic and biological portfolios, appropriate cost controls and continued investments to expand market access and broaden our technology platforms. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. There is some M&A anticipated in that $500 million from where we are today in 2021 at 220 [ph]. But I have to say when we talk about double-digit growth, we're talking about significant double-digit growth. We've introduced a lot of products around the world over the last few years. Our biological pipeline is robust. I think we have four or five brand new products coming out of that pipeline. So the market I would say is very open to biologicals much different than it was five, seven years ago when we first started this journey. When I think about traveling around the world and talking to growers, we mentioned that Asia and Latin America in particular Brazil and Mexico are perhaps the leaders in terms of adoption of biological and crop nutrients. We see that on the ground. I go to many customers, obviously, not over the recent times. But we get a lot of questions about what biologicals are coming? How can I use them? How are they different? How do they help resistance? How do they help me as I think about selling products into the food chain? Those are all aspects that are driving that biological platform. So I actually think the $500 million is well within reach when I look at the underlying fundamental organic growth. Now, of course, along with that comes investments and we are investing at a higher rate in terms of R&D for this business than we are for our synthetic businesses, mainly because the cost is high but the revenue is building. But also more importantly from what I would call an educational aspect, we have to educate people -- our people how to sell these products. We have to educate growers how to use them. They're different but they definitely have a place in this market. And we see them as being expansions to our portfolio, not necessarily cannibalistic in terms of taking our business away from our own synthetics. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. I mean listen from a volume perspective, I mean you look at the last quarter, we grew volume over 20%. So I mean there's obviously -- there's very strong demand out there. Thinking about your comments, there's a lot wrapped up in what you asked. I think from a market demand perspective, it's very strong all over the world. I mean when I think about channel inventories today, frankly, I have very few concerns from where I sit at FMC.  There are pockets in India, following the spotty monsoon that we had last year but they're not significant. Brazil, we have -- from FMC's perspective, we got absolutely zero concern, from North America and probably the other way around when it comes to channel inventories. I'm more concerned that there is not enough material there. Europe, not really a problem at all. So channel inventories frankly, in our own internal conversations has not really come up much in the last quarter. Demand has come up. Demand is very, very strong. We certainly -- we believe we missed sales in the quarter. I can't quantify it. But I would also say, we picked up sales as well through people who also had problems. So it's a very, very dynamic market. But when you have a backdrop of such high soft commodity prices obviously, there is scarcity in some key raw materials and intermediates. I think that creates a solid demand for the market and we've seen that and we've taken advantage of it where we can. And when we think about a 7% top line growth that's going to be probably double where the market is in 2022. So we feel very good about the growth that we have and it's broad-based. It's pretty much coming from every region. It's coming from the herbicide portfolio, our fungicide portfolio in the US is growing, with our new addition of Xyway, which is a really good brand new systemic fungicide for corn applications. So overall, very robust. The pipeline is working well. The investments are there. It's a good scenario for FMC going forward. 
Mark Douglas: Not overall Adam, we've moved pricing in all regions. We've moved pricing on an as-needed basis and that's very, very different to traditionally, how this market moves. When we talk about in-season pricing, we're doing that in different parts of the world. We highlighted the US but it's not just the US. So you will -- you should expect us to see, us move price as we go through the year, as needed, as we get more clarity on the raw material position and availability. I don't think there's anywhere in the world where we're not moving pricing obviously, there's different degrees given the portfolio and the value that you bring. But quite frankly, there's not a lot of choice here. The price increases that we receive from our suppliers and from intermediates you can see the impact of costs in the fourth quarter and in 2021. They're significant and they have to be remediated. So I think, we certainly have the desire to move price and we are all over the world. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thank Chris. I'm glad it sounds good. Actually after the quarter that we have, we should sound good. Listen the range is wide for a reason. I've been in the chemical industry for 35 years and I have never seen an operating environment like this. It's not as if it's one pocket of a raw material. It is across the board whether it's commodities whether it's specialties whether it's fine chemicals it is logistics challenges. They're all there all together. Obviously, when we look at the world, we start to think about what could the ultimate upside be and what could the ultimate downside be? It does not mean that on that slide that we think 1,320 at the bottom end of that range is something that we're planning for. We're absolutely not. We're planning for 1,400 and we're planning to deliver more than 1,400 if we can. Now, some things will have to go our way. We'll have to achieve more pricing the volume side will have to accelerate. FX will perhaps moderate. But those are the types of decisions we make. So, people shouldn't be surprised that we've put out a wide range. I mean you can look at some companies in our space and in the general chemical space. They haven't even guided. That tells you the challenge out there for companies like ourselves where we're very broad-based in terms of what we buy and what we move around the world. Don't read into that broad range that we have concerns that the 1,400 is not achievable. That's the number we're aiming for. That's what the organization is built to deliver.
Mark Douglas: Yes. So, I think we commented in the script that products launched in the last five years will contribute $600 million of revenue in the year. That's versus $400 million in 2021. So, you can see that acceleration of the portfolio. I think what is most pleasing for us is we see the diamides continuing to grow in that mid to high single-digits depending on the year, that keeps rolling through. We see that year in year out since we acquired the products. I think what's most important for listeners is the rest of the portfolio and the new products that we're bringing in are also growing in that mid to high single-digit number. So, you can see that the portfolio is getting more balanced. When I think of products that we launched in 2021 within 2021 I think it was about $120 million of revenue in the year. So, that's very healthy. This year is somewhat less than that just because of the mix of types of products we're introducing. I think we're in the $50 million to $100 million range, but again very healthy. So, you should expect to see that number continue to climb. Especially as we go through the 2023-2024 period, we have some big active ingredients that start to get launched then. You will see that number accelerate as we go through the end of the decade. And if you remember, we've talked about the development pipeline delivering something north of $2 billion by 2030 of new sales, that's still very much on track for us.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. So we've talked about this in the past. If you think about going back past 2015, we were probably 95% dependent on China. We had a strategy that was linked to China low cost for manufacturing. Obviously, through the acquisitions we've made over the last seven years, we've become a very different company in terms of manufacturing our own active ingredients and reliance on China. I would say today, we're probably in the 40% range in terms of dependency on China. Not unusual for a company our size. It's very difficult to totally remove China from the equation and you simply wouldn't want to do that anyway. There is a balance that you often need. We spent a lot of time over the last few years reregistering products around the world so that we have two or three sources of manufacturing. Whether it be India, parts of Europe or even parts of Central America now with Mexico thinking about manufacturing there. So we're much more balanced in terms of our sourcing of manufacturing. I think the whole lockdown process in China is something we're watching very, very closely, mainly because it can be extremely short-term disruptive i.e. from one day to the next it can impact you. So having that balanced network has allowed us to serve our customers very well over the last I would say 18 months.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. I think -- well, listen I mean, I would say the following. If you look at our growth numbers in projected in Q1, we're at that 7% range. That's a very healthy number. I would say customers, whether it's distribution or retail around the world in the US, obviously people are concerned with supply. I mean there's no way you wouldn't be in this industry and not be concerned with it. But frankly speaking, as we went through the quarter, at the end of the day, we will focus on both Q4, Q1, Q2, Q3. So you're getting ready for a season as you think about it, the volume is there. I don't think it's excessive at this point, certainly not in North America. We have seen changes in terms of our pre-emergent portfolio. We do have some of the leading products in the marketplace in terms of efficacy for glyphosate or dicamba resistance. I do think, we've picked up some business there. But it's actually, it's not just that type of herbicide that we've seen. We've seen other herbicides around the world start to pick up, because of that glyphosate shortage or glyphosate price increase. I'm not suggesting that, it's going to fundamentally alter the profile of FMC, but it is a nice business to pick up as the pressure is on those types of products for cost increases. But to the broader question, look at our growth in 2022. We're at 7% that doesn't suggest to me that there's been a lot of what you call pull forward. We don't see it to that degree at this point. The business is very robust.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. I think, listen you raised a very good point, Steve. I mean, we have 24 different research stations around the world, and the biologicals are consuming a significant amount of trial time. We do take growers to the farms around the world. We're also spending more on social media in terms of allowing growers live access to those trials, so that, they can see without traveling. I think that's been a major boon for us in helping people understand, look, these products do work. They do work under extreme conditions. They do improve yield and productivity. I would say, the social media aspect of communication for our agronomists and our technical sales force has certainly helped. And you're right. We've been trialing these products for many years. People want to see two, three years of data, before they'll start to try them on their farms. And we're coming through some of that early work now and we're starting to see the benefits with that high double-digit growth.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Patrick. Yes our Arc farm intelligence is gathering a lot of steam. Last year was particularly good for us in terms of how we launched in many countries. We're in 21 different countries now. I think we have 13 different spectrums that we forecast for growers. That is – it is a growth platform for us. We are the world's leader of insecticides. So this is a steep growth for us. We will continue to roll out farm Arc intelligence around the world for a myriad of crops lots of specialty crops, but also now starting to look at some of the bigger row crops especially in Latin America. Through our Ventures group, we are actually investing in other areas of interest to us, whether its drone applications whether it's automated spraying or CN spray type applications. So FMC Ventures is becoming a very important platform for linking not only to R&D, but linking to the Precision Ag. We have also – when we think about our own portfolio, we have a very unique system that's patented called 3RIVE 3D, which is an in-ground application, reduces the amount of water used significantly. It's doing very, very well in the US, mainly for corn applications, but we're now looking to take that to Latin America in particular Brazil and Argentina. I would say, the fundamental premise that we have for Precision Agriculture is whatever you do, it has to meet an unmet need of the grower. If the grower doesn't have that need, it doesn't matter what your technology is or how it looks on an application, the grower will not use it. And I think being focused like we are without trying to be all things really has an advantage for us and linking that to our portfolio of new technologies really works.
Mark Douglas: Yes, it's a good question, Joel and we debated this slide a lot before we put it out there. I think it is a good slide to put things into context. I do agree with you. I mean to be at the bottom end of that downside, the world has to basically collapse on you. I do think there are opportunities in pricing. I do -- offsetting that though as I said costs are unsure going into the second half. So we'll see how that plays out. As Andrew said, FX is volatile today. It might stabilize it might not. We'll see. I'm hesitant to go above the midpoint. The midpoint is there for a reason. It is the highest probability we see at this point. But I take your view that the upside it could happen, it's probably more likely than the downside let's say that way. That's about as far as I'm prepared to go. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Yes. Okay. I will do. Listen let me give you how we think of it today forget the Chevrons, just think of it this way. You've got sort of low to mid-single market growth think of it that way. You've got mid single-digit price. You've got a volume growth that's probably slightly above the mid single. You've got FX which is a negative coming out you are a low single-digit. You've got low single-digit rationalization probably in the 1% to 2% range is pretty normal for us. And then you've got some price that's already built into that market growth. Remember that they're not two separate things which will go against you gets you into that -- the market growing in that low to mid single-digits and is growing at 7%. That's how we think about it today. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Frank. Generally speaking I think we're a little lower than we were in November when we talked about sort of mid single-digit. We're probably in the low to mid single-digit. Now the only reason for that is how we're viewing FX because we think of the market on a dollar basis obviously FX around the world impacts us. When I think about the regions I would say the regions that I see with the most growth are likely to be North America with a mid single-digit growth. I also think Asia will be good sort of in that mid single area. And then I would say just thinking about Europe probably low single-digit mainly because of the FX impact there. And then Latin America, sort of, low to mid single-digits. That's how we sort of view the world today. 
