Andrew Sandifer: Thanks Pierre. Let me start this morning with a few specific income statement items. Interest expense for the quarter was $4 million higher than implied by our prior full year guidance due to higher interest rates on foreign borrowings and higher than anticipated commercial paper balances. Interest expense for the full year is now expected to be in the range of $144 million to $148 million. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 15%. We are maintaining our full year tax rate guidance of 14% to 16%. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the second quarter was $132.3 million, down nearly $4 million shares versus the prior year period, reflecting the benefit of the $400 million in share repurchases, we've made over the past three quarters. Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow. Gross debt as of June 30th was $3.2 billion, up roughly $100 million from the end of March. Gross debt to trailing 12 month EBITDA at quarter end was 2.8x. This is above our targeted leverage of 2.5x due to the seasonality of our cash flow and the timing of share repurchases. We continue to expect to see leverage drop to 2.5xor lower for the full year. Turning to Slide 9. Adjusted cash from operations was negative $174 million in the first half of 2019, below the prior year period. Non-recurring impacts that benefited working capital in the prior year period as discussed in our last earnings call remain the largest contributor to the year-on-year change. Additionally, cash from operations in the second quarter was also impacted by credit term accommodations made to certain North American customers in light of extreme market conditions, more than half of which have already been paid to us in Q3. We also had higher sales in Latin America and India where normal terms extend beyond the quarter end. These additional factors will unwind over the following two quarters and as such we are maintaining our full year guidance for adjusted cash from operations at $750 million to $850 million, with strong operating cash generation in both the third and fourth quarters. Capital investment through mid-year while lagging the pace implied by our full year guidance is in-line with project schedule. We are maintaining our full year guidance for free cash flow of $375 million to $475 million. However, we are currently exploring a few product line acquisitions as well as certain capital investments to support the rapid growth of our diamide platform. These opportunities - if pursued - would reduce full year free cash flow somewhat, so they would further reinforce our growth trajectory. We repurchased $2.56 million FMC shares year-to-date at an average price of $78.11 for a total of approximately $200 million. It is our intent to remain a regular purchaser of FMC shares throughout the year. So we have not purchased any shares since the quarter-end, you should expect that we will make further repurchases during the third and fourth quarters. As Pierre said, we intend to repurchase a total of $400 million to $500 million of FMC shares in 2019, I note that our full year EPS guidance reflects the benefit of repurchases at the lower end of this range in light of the potential additional investment opportunities I just mentioned. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Andrew Sandifer: So I think for the current year. I think Pierre comments are spot on. I do remind everyone that in the first half of last year, we did have some benefits to working capital that don't repeat related to the DuPont transaction both on inventories and payables, as well as a pretty market step down and in past news in Brazil. So that comparison is a bit extreme. I think looking beyond 2019. I do think that long term 80%-ish conversion of free cash flow from net income. It's still very much in reach, we do need to see a step down in our legacy and transformation spending, which we anticipate as we move past the S-4 HANA implementation in the finalization of the DuPont integration. And continue to drive efficiency and working capital, but very much in reach. I think this year's the cash flow forecast as Pierre mentioned, as staying where we are and really does give us the capacity to commit to large return of capital to shareholders, both through share repurchases and the dividend and the flexibility to do some incremental investment depending on opportunities through the rest of the year.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes, we've done it on a very limited basis in the past. Our experience has always been that we catch right back up as agreed. Yes, I think, as I mentioned, over half the accommodations we gave in Q2 have already been paid at this point in Q3, and the rest will be cleared out by year-end. So really just trying to support our customers as they work through their quarter end, and what's been a tough year. But historically, in this year, I think no concerns about the collection time and timing our ability on that.
Andrew Sandifer: The CapEx increase, we are, looking at today are simply due to the fact that when we made our capital, three-year capital spend plan when we acquired the DuPont business. As you remember, we were forecasting a high single-digit growth rates for those products. We've been in the 15% to 25% range since the acquisition. So we are getting tight on capacity. Those are not big capacity it's for part of the chain of manufacturing well, we're doing it. Especially, including some of the, the intermediate you’re talking about of tens of millions of dollars you're not talking hundreds of millions of dollars, for the one which are taking place potentially this year. And as we said before, from a location standpoint we have a couple of locations, but as we said before, the idea for us is to manufacture you as much as we can today outside of China. So those expansions will take place outside of China. It's not huge, but it's necessary to ensure we can keep on growing at the speed at which we are growing.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Mark, for covering that important topic. To conclude our prepared remarks, FMC delivered another quarter of financial performance despite the challenging Ag environment in the U.S. Volume demand and price increases in other regions around the world are continuing to deliver strong revenue and EBITDA growth. At the beginning of this month, we successfully launched a new SAP system with the pellets in Brazil. The new system is performing very well. 20% of FMC now operates on the new S/4 HANA system and we expect to complete the full implementation in Q2 2020. The Brazil launch is a major milestone in the implementation process which is giving us strong confidence, that we will be able to implement the full system without disrupting our operations. In May, we indicated that we will provide an update on the R&D pipeline on today's call, but we felt more important to dispel misperceptions about our diamide franchise. Rather than squeeze an R&D update into a future earnings call, we will have more comprehensive and in-depth R&D investor event in the first half of this year. FMC remains well-positioned to outperform the industry and our focus on crop chemicals and biological product is an advantage. Short-term execution is delivering superior quarterly results and we are confident that our current portfolio and technology pipeline will deliver longer-term growth. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.
Pierre Brondeau: Sure, Chris. As you know, we had adverse cost and a part of those costs will not be seen next year. So we know we're going to start 2020 with a tailwind from a cost-standpoint and also from an FX standpoint. There is also the fact that we are expecting to get out of the TSA with DuPont and settled by Q2 2020the new SU on a system. I look at two buckets. The total cost will be the increase in cost we are facing in 2019. We will not repeat themselves in 2020. But we will still see only a part of that coming. We have not yet quantified exactly how this will be impacting next year. We know it will be a tailwind but don't take the entire cost increase into 2020. From an S/4 HANA implementation and TSA, we still believe that the cost saving on an annual basis will be in the $60 million to $100 million a year, but we will only see fraction of that in 2020 and same thing, we have not yet quantified. So we have two source of benefits from a cost standpoint that we will eliminate a bit more time most likely at the Q3 earnings call to give you a more qualified number. The other thing which is positive as we are seeing today and we are pleased with as the cost increase - decreasing in H2 as well as FX, price is sticking quite well. So it's also a third tailwind we will see in 2020. You guys have to give us a bit more time. We're still highly focused on 2019. Those are tailwind for 2020. But we're hoping to quantify that in next two, three months.
Pierre Brondeau: There is a final point, maybe this point is a bit different from what the previous owner deal, those all the comments made by Mark. We are looking at Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr had a great partnering tool with other companies and as we said, we have partnership and are negotiating with about 15 companies. We are allowing those companies under some conditions to sell Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr in different crops different part of the world. So those companies are increasing dramatically market reach and allowing us to grow faster and that is a very profitable way for us to grow the franchise, it's not at all EBITDA dilutive and it's a tool we intend to use for the years to come. I think our competitors understand well, the quality of the patent estate and are very willing to enter into those 10 years contract or more to partner with FMC on those molecules.
Pierre Brondeau: It's complex to do, because understand that when you have a process which is 16 steps, which for us is done through a series of partners who are manufacturing some of the intermediates and some of the final steps, which are made by us, it is a very-very complex network. You would not imagine somebody building that in a short period of time over a single site. So it would require not only capital spending at the level of the company itself, which intend to, but most likely to find partners to produce some of those intermediates. None of these partners could be the partners we do have today, who are in exclusive arrangements with our sales for the long-term. The number is certainly, we have not quantified if somebody would try to replicate all or part of a product. But, I'd say, for part of the total, to see numbers more in the $1 billion range would not be surprising.
Pierre Brondeau: It is the same as last year, which was a very strong year. So I would say the last two years, we reached that 70% number. Usually by this time of the year, we are about 40% to 50%, maybe 40% range at this time of the year. Last year for the first time, we hit the 70% range, which was positive and resulted into a very strong second half. And once again this year, we are at the same place. So we view that as a positive versus a normalized year.
Pierre Brondeau: And just a quick comment, PJ. I mean, we made that decision, it is not something we've done in the past or we used to do, it was just exceptional to the - especially in the Midwest, our customers were facing a situation where we felt we had to support them. Lots of them, as we said, are big corporations. They live by their word. They pay when they say they will repay and as Andrew say, as half of it has already been done with a very precise schedule. So, no concern. It's an exceptional situation, but no concern on this.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, you know, I think the pressure down in the market is mostly driven by North America as we said. So what does it do to us, if you look at the disproportionate strength of our business versus many competitors outside of North America plus the fact that within North America. We do have a very balanced crop profile with loss of specialty crops. The slowdown of the world growth in Ag is impacting us not as much as it could impact other competitors. So yes, it is a bit of a headwind, but what, we are very well positioned to compensate that other by growing more into specialty crops in North America or by using the strength of our business in place like Brazil, Latin America or India. Remember, as we said, we only do 25% of our business in North America. So all in all, it is balancing out quite well for us.
Pierre Brondeau: Let me quantify a bit by using information, we've already shared with you. As you know, we do have depending upon the quarters and EBITDA margin for this business in the 27%, 28%. This EBITDA margin of course is driven and we've said that when we made the acquisition of DuPont with the damage which are expected to be north of 30% from an EBITDA margin. That's what we are able, through this process to protect. So we are selling this product, the active part to a partner and it's generating for us with limited SG&A spending and R&D and formulation spending an EBITDA margin north of 30%.
Pierre Brondeau: And we've already done in two years, in two years we've already done multiple debottlenecking, brought new partners into the process. So we already actively increasing capacity at very low cost you've not seen a major increase so far in capital spending despite the fact that we've already increased our capacity in a significant way for diamide. So your point is correct for both Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr. We are doing it and intend to continue to do it.
Pierre Brondeau: So from a capital spending, I have been doing that for years now and I think it's been the same thing, year after year, which mean usually you start your big project, lots of your big projects are starting with - the beginning of the year, when you start with the new capital spending. So you usually highly process where there is a lot of planning an engineering study which do not represent a lot of spending. And then it accelerates by the middle of the year when things are already put in place and you start to spend the cash. So I don't think there is anything abnormal, I must say that 70% or 80% of my years in the industry yeah I have always seen back-end loaded, big engineering product and capital expenditure. I think from next year today, we have not been yet through the process. We believe we’ll have a higher capital spend, mostly due to capacity increase for the product we are commercializing new products for the existing product as the diamide.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I think we're not finished with the sales synergies. So that's where a lot of the growth is coming from. So greater market access. Pierre said for Cyazypyr, we had - this year, we've had eight new registrations in eight different countries, both in Europe and in Africa. We continue to leverage our position with major co-ops and distributors in the South of Latin America in the U.S. and we have our new channel access in India, which is a large market for us. So wherever those niche crops are in terms of what I would consider fruit and vegetables, that's why we're seeing continued growth. So you can focus on Asia, you can focus on the south of Europe. You can focus on the South of Latin America and Mexico.
Mark Douglas: Yes, it definitely is you know the diamides are right at the top of the tree when it comes to impacting for armyworm. We've seen the growth of these pests in India. We seen it in China and it's now moving through Southeast Asia, Vietnam, Thailand moving south. So we already have in our forecast, some incremental revenue from Rynaxypyr essentially - in those countries, but we believe there is more upside as this pest becomes more prevalent especially throughout the rest of South Asia.
Mark Douglas: So Don, we don't obviously give out the margin expectations. But what I put in my prepared remarks were the fact that when we have these agreements and we make these sales. They're not EBITDA dilutive to our overall business so when you think about it there are highly profitable marketing-exercise for us. Now on a pricing standpoint again, I'm not going to disclose the types of conditions we have in these various contracts, but they are very long-term in nature. And obviously the prices that we agreed with outside parties allow them to make a more than adequate margin on their sales. So both parties are compensated for what we're doing in the marketplace. So the bottom line is, these are highly attractive relationships for us and doubt that party partners and they are there for the long term.
Mark Douglas: Yes Lawrence, I mean we have our whole engineering group looking at the diamide manufacturing processes and looking at how we can bring cost down over the mid to long-term. So, that's certainly something that we're not going to let pass. We know how to do this we've done it very successfully - not only our own molecules, but other molecules as well. I wouldn't comment on this point about price volume relationships in the marketplace going longer term. In today's world, these molecules are highly valued. They produce tremendous results for their cost in use. So right now, we're growing the market at the right margin at the right price. I don't see that changing in the near term at all. So whatever we get in terms of manufacturing cost reductions over the mid-term will stay within FMC.
Mark Douglas: Yes Kevin, the only thing - the attitude to what Pierre said is, basically we have two new active ingredients that are coming out of our pipeline that come to market in 2021. We're putting steel in the ground next year for that capacity expansion. So it's a combination of both current products and new pipeline products.
