Mark Douglas: Thank you, Andrew. FMC delivered a record performance in 2022 despite facing the largest input cost inflation headwinds in the company's history. Robust volumes driven by our market access initiatives and the continued accelerated growth of new products as well as strong pricing gains helped to overcome significant cost, supply and FX challenges in the year.  We expect the broader economy to be volatile in 2023. However, agricultural market fundamentals are expected to remain solid. FMC's pricing momentum continues, and we should benefit from the potential deflation in the broader industrial supply chains. We continue to invest in our technology portfolio of synthetics, biologicals, precision ag and FMC Ventures.  Our expanding market access initiatives are resulting in increased profitable growth, and we intend to continue the pace of these investments across more countries.  Overall, there are fewer disruptive factors that we see today compared to the same time period last year, and this strengthens our confidence in the narrow guidance range we have provided. We expect to deliver another year of strong and profitable growth in 2023.  Finally, as we are now in the final year of our current strategic plan, we are planning to host an Investor Day at our global headquarters in Philadelphia this November. At that time, we will share details of our new strategic plan and we look forward to seeing you here in person. We will, of course, announce the date for this Investor Day event soon.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Vincent. Well, listen, for pricing in the first half of the year, I mean, pretty much most of it, as I said, is already underway. The U.S. and Canada markets are active now, Europe is getting active right now. So those price increases are through. I think what you're referring to is probably in the fourth quarter as we roll into the Latin American market, where we will be. It's a valid question to ask. We don't know. We are planning price increases. At the end of the day, as Andrew just alluded to, input costs are still higher than they were last year. They are still increasing. They're just increasing at a much lower amount. Plus the fact that we're seeing significant labor cost inflation around the world, not only for SG&A, but within our manufacturing plants, et cetera. So for me, there is a cost environment that is still conducive to price increases. In Europe, you have high energy costs. Yes, they've come down off their peaks, but they're still meaningfully different to the average over the last few years. So we will continue to move price where we see fit. And of course, it's not a standard number around the world. We've talked about this before. It's different in different markets with different products. We continue to use that differentiation to move price. I think most of the value chains that we operate in really do see that inflationary environment. It's like any negotiation, they're always difficult. They're never easy. But overall, we are getting the price that we need to get to move us back to the EBITDA margins we want. You're right on the nonselective herbicides. You can look at all the metrics, you see them coming down. They went up very quickly. They come down very quickly. They truly are commoditized. We're not seeing that sort of curve for the more specialty products where you're really selling value not just on a cost basis through a contract. And that's a key differentiator for us. We don't have those nonselective herbicides. We don't operate in that type of environment.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I think overall, when I look at the market, we are -- we do have a lower view of the overall market. But frankly, it's driven by Latin America. I mean we still expect North America to have a reasonable growth despite how strong it was in the past year. There is very good sentiment in the North American market right now for the coming year. Europe, we expect to be up. We do see increase in cereal acres, which will be positive. So we see Europe up. Asia will be slightly flat. There has been some weather issues in India, Indonesia and other parts of Southeast Asia, offset by a good market in Australia. I would say the reason we're going lower in the world today is because of Latin America. There are independent numbers that suggest the Latin American market may have grown $6 billion in 2022. Now the vast majority of that is with nonselective herbicides, mainly price and then pricing for other active ingredients. So I do think that people need to watch that nonselective herbicide market in Brazil and Argentina. That's the reason we're calling for a lower overall market, but it really is focused in that particular segment, which is so large, it does impact the rest. The rest of it is probably close to where we said it would be in November.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Aleksey, I'll just give you a quick high-level view and then Andrew, please give some color commentary here. Very different markets in the sense of where you're selling into. Latin America, Brazil, Argentina, huge markets in Q4, still important in Q1 but to a lesser degree. And then obviously, in Q1, the European business is starting to kick in, which is very different. So you have a very different geographic mix across the world for how we see. And it's why we never ever talk about sequential quarters. It's almost impossible to look at the business on that light. But Andrew, if you want to make some comments on the revenue side and the cost side.
Mark Douglas: I think we've said in the past, sort of that mid- to high single digits is where we think it will pan out over time. I wouldn't change that view right now. We do continue to launch new diamide formulations around the world and Cyazypyr is growing very nicely as we get the new registration. So I think the mid- to high single digit is a perfectly good range of legacy.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, it's exactly what I talked about. I think as we go through the second quarter, we're going to have a much better view of, a, what have we bought and what are we buying in the second quarter, which will inform our raw material view in the second half. So I think at the May call, we'll be giving a lot more detail in that area. China has not impacted us at all through this latest round of COVID. We did have closures of some supply. But over the last 3 to 4 years, we've built up a really robust process and network of how to manage disruptions. So we didn't see any significant disruptions through the Chinese New Year and through the COVID wave that they had to deal with. China opening up is it's positive for us in the sense that, obviously, we get raw materials from China. It's not a huge market for us from a sales perspective. It's a nice market, but it's not one of our leading growth markets. So for us, it's a bit of a neutral event, China opening up. We've managed raw material as well out of China. We've been distributing our manufacturing network over the last 5 years to other countries. That continues at a pace. So overall, I think we feel pretty good from a supply position standpoint right now.
Mark Douglas: Well, I think on the negative side, I highlighted supply disruptions, which is the obvious one. Weather disruptions would be the next one, I would say. Outside of that, it would be a lack of pricing or something in the world that creates an inflationary environment for raw materials. We don't see that today. As I said, you look at the script, we mentioned 3 or 4 items that could move us from the midpoint to the upper end of the range. We mentioned basically one that would come the other way. So you can read into that what you will.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Top line, no, it's not a concern, and we've been following this for some time, as you can imagine. We're well clued into where the EPA is going. Cyazypyr is one of the -- what we call the softer chemistries, much more targeted. We don't see the EPA guidance has any impact on our business. We continue to see Cyazypyr grow at quite a fast rate around the world. It has numerous attributes that are very targeted. There are lots of old pesticides and insecticides that are more broad in nature that Cyazypyr would take share from and is taking share from. So we don't see any impact to our business from this ruling.
Mark Douglas: Yes, very much so. When you look at the growth rate of our biologicals, we talk about our Plant Health business. This year, it will be pretty close to $300 million in size. Biologicals is now roughly half of that. It's getting close to the $150 million business. It's growing in excess of 20% top line per year. And that growth is coming from not only the new products but the synergistic effect that you talk about, which is twofold. First of all, we are developing products where biologicals and synthetics are in the same formulation. So you're getting different modes of action and different attributes from a biological and lowering the amount of synthetic material in the formulation. The second one is in spray programs where you will replace a synthetic spray with a biological spray. So you are using a pure biological but using it in a way that augments what the synthetics are doing and once again reduces the amount of synthetic material. So we see that growth coming from both aspects. We're launching, as I said, we launched 17 new products last year in the whole biological space. I continue to see that space growing rapidly. We are investing more in R&D. We are investing through ventures as well. So I think it's one of the bright spots in the portfolio in terms of overall growth and investment for the company.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I think -- so from a North American perspective, U.S. in particular, I think channel inventories are a little bit elevated right now, but that's normal. I would say, as you enter the season, most of retail and distribution is stocked up for a very good year. When I think of inventory levels for FMC compared to our sales on a percent basis, we're about the same place we were the year before. So I think it's pretty normal. Brazil and Argentina, a different story. Forget the nonselective that we just talked about. I think because of the conditions that we saw in the south of Brazil and in Argentina, it was very dry in the fourth quarter. I have no doubt that there is elevated channel inventories in that area, would not be a surprise at all. If I run around the rest of the world, Europe, South of Europe is high again because of hangover from the last season. Northern Europe is pretty much okay, I think. In Asia, we've talked about India in the past. The weather didn't help again in 2022. So we see high channel inventories in India, which we'll be working through. Parts of Indonesia are similar, somewhat high. Rest of Asia is good. So overall, it's pretty much what you would expect. And don't forget, people are focused on what happened in Brazil in terms of growth. The vast majority of the growth in Brazil was price, it wasn't volume and that's important to recognize. So I think out of the weather patterns that we saw in the South and in Argentina, I think other parts of the country are fine.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thank you. Great question. We're very happy with the acquisition we made. In fact, I would say, when I think of the key metrics that we're looking at when we acquired the product, we had 5 new pheromones in the R&D pipeline. Today, that number is 9. So the accelerated rate of discovery and application of new pheromones is growing. We have made our first batches of products and move them into the marketplace. So that was a major milestone. The company that we acquired, BioPhero had not -- I was just at the very beginning of making commercial scale quantities. We've now got past that. We are looking to invest in our own manufacturing. We do use some toll manufacturers today, but we're looking at balancing that out across the world. And I would say the trial work, we have substantial trial work around the world on the pheromones that we already have in place. And those trial works are going very well. So from my perspective, the integration has gone very well. But more importantly, I see an accelerated rate of discovery and development coming out of that pipeline, which is very encouraging.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I would say a couple of things on top of what Andrew just added. Formulation capacity is also important. Having the active ingredient is one thing, but expanding your formulation capacity is also a key attribute of where we spend capital. It's nowhere near the same scale of capital, but it is important. And we have, over the last year, expanded capacity here in the U.S., in Europe, and as we go into '23, we're expanding our formulating capacity in Brazil as well. So you won't see -- it doesn't become so apparent in terms of overall dollars of capacity expansion but that is an important attribute that we're focused on as well.
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure. So I'll take the last one first. Listen, I think once you apply something from a precision methodology, you are going to de facto use less volume. I think what gets mixed and what gets missed in this area is the discussion around volume and value. Where are you bringing value and how do you capture that value? Obviously, there are some very large products used around the world, especially nonselective herbicides to go back to that topic. See & Spray technology, which has been developed is an area that is obviously of interest in that space. For us, when I look at how do we capture value from Arc, what are we doing? We're allowing the grower to very precisely time when they need to put the best products in the field to remove insects. That's great from a sustainability perspective. It is also something where you capture value from not only the products you're selling today but the broader portfolio that you sell to those growers. I don't see anywhere in the world where we charge for Arc. We provide it free of charge. It is an SG& A expense, but it does have tremendous uplift in terms of the portfolio mix that you sell. And also, don't forget, it has another attribute, it defends business for us. We're defending on 20 million acres, quite a few hundred million dollars of high-profit products that is very difficult to remove once somebody is using a process like that. That's a differentiator that we believe adds more value to the company than anything else. So we don't necessarily see it as a separate profit center, but we do see it as an important element of how we continue to grow the portfolio and defend the business we have today.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks for the question. As I just said in the script, we are going to have an Investor Day at the end of this year. We’ll give the dates coming. I don’t want to re-empt that because there’s a lot of work to do between now and then but we will be giving a view of the future, both, I would say, within the near-term few years and then a longer-term aspirational goal for the company. It is important that we feel that we have that longer-term view as we drive the company forward. We’ve been very good in managing the company through the last 5-year cycle, as Andrew has talked about before, we’re pretty much right now above our metric for revenue. But right on the bottom line of EBITDA despite well in excess of $1 billion so far of costs. So I would say you just have to hold that question until we get to the end of the year.
