Andrew Sandifer: Thanks, Mark. I'll start this morning with a review of some key income statement items. FX was a minor, less than 1% headwind to revenue growth in the first quarter, with the most significant headwind coming from the Turkish lira offset in part by a stronger Brazilian real, Mexican peso and euro.  Looking ahead to the second quarter, we see continued minor FX headwinds, primarily from the Indian rupee and Turkish lira, offset in part by strength in the Mexican peso. Interest expense for the first quarter was $61.7 million, up $10.3 million versus the prior year period, driven by higher commercial paper borrowings and, to a lesser degree, by higher interest rates. We continue to expect full year interest expense to be in the range of $225 million to $235 million, down slightly to the prior year, driven by lower debt balances as we reduced borrowings through the year, offset in part by a change in the mix of short- and long-term debt as compared to 2023. Our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for the first quarter was 15.5%, in line with the midpoint of our full year expectation for tax rate of 14% to 17%. As a reminder, we are forecasting a 1 point increase in tax rate at the midpoint versus 2023 and providing a broader guidance range to reflect uncertainty related to tax law changes associated with Pillar 2 and as well as transitionary impacts related to our recently awarded Swiss tax incentives.  Moving next to the balance sheet and leverage. Gross debt at March 31 was approximately $4.3 billion, up $378 million from the prior quarter. Cash on hand increased over $100 million to $418 million, resulting in net debt of approximately $3.9 billion. Gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was 5.6x at quarter end, while net debt to EBITDA was 5.0x. Relative to our covenant, which measures leverage with a number of adjustments to both the numerator and denominator, leverage was 5.7x as compared to a covenant of 6.5x. As a reminder, our covenant leverage limit was raised temporarily to 6.5x through June 30 of this year. It will step down to 6.0x at September 30, 2024, and then again to 5.0x at December 31, 2024.  We believe we have ample headroom under these limits as we progress through the year. Leverage is improving as we shift to positive year-over-year EBITDA comparisons in the second half and as we reduce debt through strong free cash flow generation and through proceeds from the anticipated divestiture of our Global Specialty Solutions business. We expect covenant leverage to be approximately 3.5x by year-end. We remain committed to returning our leverage to levels consistent with our targeted BBB or BAA to long-term credit ratings or better.  As I discussed at our November 2023 Investor Day, we've shifted our midterm net leverage target to approximately 2x on a rolling 4-quarter average basis. While we will still be meaningfully above this level at the end of 2024, we are confident that with EBITDA growth and disciplined cash management, we should be approach targeted leverage by the end of 2025.  Moving on to free cash flow on Slide 11. Free cash flow in the first quarter improved over $725 million versus the prior year period. This is a critical first step towards substantially improving cash flow in 2024, which is an essential part of our deleveraging plan. Adjusted cash from operations improved by $748 million compared to the prior year period driven by working capital release from lower inventory as well as lower accounts receivable. Capital additions were lower as we continue to constrain investment to only the most critical high-return projects. Legacy and transformation cash spending was up due to costs related to our restructuring program.  We continue to expect free cash flow of $400 million to $600 million for full year 2024, a swing of more than $1 billion from [ 2023 ] performance at the midpoint of the range. This increase is expected to be driven by a significant cash release from rebuilding accounts payable and reducing inventory, partially offset by higher accounts receivable due to the revenue growth in the second half of the year, and with modest improvement on other items such as cash interest. With this guidance, we continue to anticipate free cash flow conversion of 104% at the midpoint for 2024.  And with that, I'll hand the call back to Mark. 
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. Thanks, Josh. Look, I think you have to look at the price of where we are and the overall progression is correct. We have downward prices movement in Q3 and Q4 of last year as well as in the first quarter of this year with overall low single, mid-single digit, minus 3% in Q3, minus 5% in Q4, low single digit, mid-single-digit kind of price ranges overall, but with a significant amount of pricing being in Latin America. As we finished the season, we will be going into the new season in the fall, anniversarying very significant price reductions in Latin America. So we're not anticipating that there's big shifts and less price as we go into the new season given where we already are. 
Andrew Sandifer: Yes, certainly, Kevin. I think we're certainly mid-innings in the journey and getting our own inventory in the right place. As Mark pointed to, we -- our reported inventory at June 30 was about $2.1 billion. We're down to just under $1.6 billion this quarter. We have another couple of hundred million to go. It won't be a one big step. It will be very -- it will be bit by bit because I think there's a very delicate balancing of ramping up production, as Mark mentioned, particularly for products where we are already in short supply and balancing it with the inventory we have on hand and its sell-through. This is a part of the algorithm for generating free cash flow this year as we ramp up that production, build up our payables back to more historically normal levels, but maintain inventories that are more in line with our current sales level. So there will be -- it won't be one big step, but through the rest of the year, you should expect another couple of hundred million of inventory to come out of our balance sheet and that will translate to a contribution to free cash flow generation for the year. 
Andrew Sandifer: Yes, Steve, it's Andrew. Thanks for the question. First, just to put some of this in context, I think Q4 is the -- Q1, excuse me, Q1 of '24 here is the last quarter where we're comparing to a pre-channel inventory disruption world, right? As Mark mentioned earlier, Q1 of '23 was a record quarter for us. Our North America region was up 41% in Q1 of 23% year-on-year to put it in perspective, right? So we're dealing with a big swing from peak to more correction kind of zone. And the volume performance in Q1 of '24, very much in line with what we've seen with all 4 quarters of this channel correction. I mean Q2 of '23, we dropped 23% -- excuse me, 31%. Q3 of '23, we dropped 27% volume. Q4, we dropped 25% volume. This is -- the Q1 performance, I would say, just put in context, is just a continuation of the channel correction that we've always said was going to take at least a year to clear out that you had to get through an anniversary this change before you would start seeing any kind of volume return.  So I'd put Q1 in that context. But to the second part of your question, I think it's an interesting one. In terms of the size, the growth in the second half. And look, if you look at percentages and the slide that's in the presentation, 23% top line, 46% bottom line growth in the second half. Those feel like very large numbers. I get it. But when you look at our historical size of business, revenue dollars in the second half that we're implying are similar to what we did in 2021, well before the overbuying of 2022. EBITDA dollars are actually lower than '21 sort of between our performance in the second half of 2020 and 2021. So we're not counting on massive correction. We're not counting on recouping 2022 type positions, where we acknowledge there was overbuying. What we have here is a return to more normalcy.  And given this Lat Am in particular, if you think about what drives our second half, certainly, Lat Am is a big chunk of it. and the U.S. market and prestocking in Q4, big chunks of it. Both of those businesses took big corrections in '23 and have taken big corrections through the remainder of the season. As Mark described, we finished -- we're finishing up the current season in Latin America with much lower inventories, particularly at grower and retail level. So we're going into a market that is not normal, but improving. And I think that's the key, the improving market conditions. So net-net, we think that the size of the absolute dollar business we're forecasting doing in the second half is reasonable given that we are past the worst of these year-on-year comparisons. And we're growing from -- certainly growing from a smaller base. So again, just to be careful, don't get overwhelmed by the percentage change here, the absolute dollar size of the business again, compares pretty much to what we were doing in 2020 or 2021. 
Andrew Sandifer: Certainly. Thanks, Andrew, I appreciate the questions. Look, I think on a dollars of cash flow basis, the free cash flow is very heavily weighted to the second half of this year. We were negative free cash flow in the first quarter as is normal, but significantly less so than the prior year quarter, right? And that's a big inflection and marks the change in inventory levels for us, where we would traditionally have a working capital build in Q1 with growing inventory. Q2, I would expect still probably to be breakeven until the negative cash flow. And we don't -- we're not going to guide it precisely. There is too many moving variables. But I would tell you that all of -- essentially all of the positive free cash flow for the years may come in the second half. And again, the key drivers for the full year on free cash flow, it's reduced inventory and it's rebuilding of payables. And this dance, this balance that Mark and I have been talking about this morning, we are starting to spool up and restart manufacturing lines.  That will pull through purchases, that will add to create some work in process and finished goods inventory that flows in the inventory and then we sell through. What we are carefully balancing is continuing to bring down our absolute level of inventory while selling through at the higher rate we're expecting to sell in the second half, new production. So it will be a stagger step as we go through the rest of the year to bring payables back up to a more reasonable level and to get inventory, again, a couple of hundred million less than where we are today.  So that will be the combination of those 2, and it really will take through the full second half to get the cash benefit from those actions. As we think about the second part of your question and thinking about leverage, certainly, we've been very clear. The priority for all available cash after paying the dividend this year is paying down debt. So proceeds from divestiture, from free cash flow that we generate organically.  In 2025, we still have a significant way to go to get the leverage to the right place. We will continue to see leverage improvement, but it will be driven by 2 factors instead of just debt repayment. It will be driven by growth in EBITDA. We absolutely are expecting to have growth in EBITDA that will help us to bring leverage back to more of a normal level for this business and well within the kind of covenant range we should be at. But we will also continue to prioritize free cash use for debt repayment until we get the balance sheet into the right place, right?  So I think it will be that combination of the 2 levers. It will be growth in EBITDA in 2025 as well as still a commitment to utilizing free cash flow to get leverage to the right place as we go through 2025 that gets us to that where we think we'll be right about the targeted levels by the time that we get to the end of 2025. 
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. I think, Mark, as we look at '25, obviously, one of the headwinds we're dealing with this year is unabsorbed fixed costs from low manufacturing activity. That -- as we go through this delicate dance we've been describing this morning and get back to more normal operating rates. By the time we get to the end of this year, we anticipate being past that, to where the relatively significant headwinds we've had this year from unabsorbed fixed costs are no longer there. So if you think about the absence of the headwind going into '25, itself being a bit of a tailwind or a stronger base for performance in '25 adding certainly that will be a key element of our outlook. Now we've got to see how the rest of the year develops. But I think based on how we see things today and the way we're planning to ramp up production, do expect that volume variance piece that unabsorbed fixed costs to really ease by the time we get through the end of this year. 
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think -- yes, I think we're comfortable with receivables. There's always opportunities to continue to be more efficient. This is a working capital-intensive business. We get it. There will be some use of cash in the second half as we return to growth and that naturally brings some growth in receivables. But we have been managing very carefully our balance sheet. And I think if you look at our -- how we've chosen to manage through this correction period as opposed to some of our peers, we have been disciplined about pricing and about not chasing volume that wasn't there. So it's not to build up receivables and longer-term collection risk.  I think we're in a position now where there's always collection risk, but we are at a very good position. We understand where our risks are. We understand -- we've taken some lumps by not -- again, not pursuing extra volume when there really wasn't volume in the market to be had. And instead, working through this so that we can come into what will be an upturn here in the second half and then into 2025 with a strong balance sheet with healthy receivables. So again, always room and opportunity to continue to look for ways to improve our working capital efficiency. But in terms of the quality of our balance sheet, we feel very confident. 
Mark Douglas: Thank you, Andrew. We started 2024 as we planned, serving customers with innovative technologies, improving our cost structure to deliver on our restructuring targets as well as delivering much improved cash flow. The crop protection market has started to turn to more normal buying behavior, and we believe market conditions will continue to improve as we move through the rest of the year and into 2025. Growers are constantly looking for new technologies to combat pest resistance and FMC is delivering these innovative new products. We expect approximately 17% of our revenue this year will come from products introduced in the last 5 years, a record for our company, up from 10% in 2021. This growth is despite the challenges the industry has faced over the last year and shows the value growers place on new technologies. With that, we are now ready to take your questions. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Vincent. Let me just expand on the Q1 comment, first of all. We did highlight, obviously, a distributor arrangement that we changed in Argentina. We talked before about being very careful how we do business in the Southern Cone and in Brazil. We've been very -- extremely diligent in protecting our balance sheet. We saw an issue with a distributor that we had in Argentina, and we decided to take material back from that distributor and that relationship. So that's the type of activity that, yes, it slowed down the top line. But from a balance sheet perspective, it was absolutely the right thing to do.  I think the second feature that impacted us in Q1 that we were not expecting was really the terrible weather in Northern Europe. For those of you that follow these things, the U.K. has had, I think its wettest spring in -- for about 200 years and the same in Scandinavia, the same in Germany, Holland, Belgium. That was really the other factor that brought down our revenue. So over and above everything else, pretty much all the regions performed as we expected.  Moving forward and looking through Q2 and then into the rest of the year, I would start by saying, first of all, the market, the fundamental market, the use of products and technologies on the ground remains robust around the world. Yes, there are pockets where weather has impacted, but generally speaking, growers are protecting their crops with the best technologies they can find. What does that mean for us? Well, relationships with our growers are, I would say, at a different level in terms of communication and conversation about the   future today than we've seen in the last year. I'll give a couple of examples. Brazil, our orders on hand today are significantly higher than where they were this time last year.  In other words, growers have depleted much of their inventory. They are now asking distribution and retail and hence FMC, we need materials going into the next season. Acreage is expected to increase in the '24, '25 season in Brazil, so they're expecting a good year. We now have those orders on hand. What does that mean for us? It gives us better insights into the second half, but also it's given us confidence to now carefully start bringing back manufacturing lines that have been closed over the last year. So we're bringing back manufacturing on the basis of the orders that we have on hand for Brazil. That also means we're extending payables now, which is the first time we've really started to buy raw materials, I would say, over the last year, and Andrew can comment on that a little later.  In Europe, conversations with growers are now changing to be what do I need for the rest of the season rather than what do I need for this week or the next week. So that starts to give you the feel that there is more of a longer-term view. Yes, people have changed their inventory levels, and that's the way they're going to operate their business, but they're asking for materials. In the U.S., we're still selling products that are used very early in the season, even in May, which is unusual. What does that tell you? It tells you that the inventories of those products have been totally depleted. We're selling for products that will be used right now.  So you take those 3 big regions alone. There is better visibility for us as we go forward. That also contributes to our view of new products and our launches of new products. I listed in the scripts numerous products that are being launched from herbicides through the new fungicides through insecticides. It's the new technologies that drive the value and growers are always looking for new tools to invest in resistance breaking, and that's what we provide. So generally speaking, that's how we expect the year to flow. It's why today in May, do we feel confident to leave our forecast where they are versus where we were in February. We have a better sight of where our customers are today than we had in February. 
Mark Douglas: Yes, we don't give pricing for our products versus other parts of our products. I think you all know that the diamides are a very healthy franchise for FMC, continues to be so. When I look at Q1 and I look at this year, we expect that diamides will perform better than the overall portfolio. We did highlight in the release that our diamides in Brazil grew double digits in Q1 and that is against a very difficult backdrop. The reason they grew is exactly what we said we would do in November at the Investor Day. We're producing new formulations that are differentiated, and they are being accepted by the market. Premio Star is a brand-new insecticide for soybeans, and it has been well attended in the marketplace. That allows us to move from the older products to the newer products and gain market share and growth. 
Mark Douglas: No. When we look at the portfolio, I think one of the facets that's kind of getting missed in FMC's North American business is just the sheer mix change that's going on there, something like 25% of our revenue has come from products launched in the last 5 years. That's probably the highest of any region we have in the world. The North American team has done a great job in introducing new insecticides based on the diamides, introducing brand-new fungicides, such as the one I mentioned, Xyway and Adastrio. This is new market opportunities for us. Generally speaking, when we introduced those new products, they are at a higher price point and a higher profitability point, they're bringing new attributes to growers. So when we change that mix, obviously, we see the business starts to change.  So no, we're not doing anything with our rebate programs in North America. We believe that our proposition to grow is, is based upon technology and availability of that technology. We feel very good about where the North American business is. I think if you looked at that on the face of that statement, I said, but you dropped 48% in Q1, why -- if your business is good, why is that? Frankly speaking, Q1 2023 was a blockbuster quarter, mainly driven by Canada. There was huge pest pressure in Canada last year, and we haven't seen that same pest pressure this year. That's normal for these ag markets, but the North American business fundamentally is in very good shape. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Adam. Yes, India is -- it's a very important market for us and one that is facing its own individual challenges, not necessarily related to the same reasons as the rest of the world is facing, the channel inventories. I would say India is almost unique in the sense of the channel inventory pressure that we face there is purely due to weather and dislocated monsoons over the last few years. We're not the only market participant to comment on this. Others have also commented on it. It's an industry-wide phenomenon. And it's just time that takes us to get through that. The monsoon in the last season was not great. We're hoping for better weather conditions as we continue through the rest of the year.  We are reducing channel inventory every quarter. Some quarters is faster than others, but it will take some time to remove what is a fair degree of channel inventory. The markets themselves are good in India from where the weather is good. Generally speaking, the Indian growers do like to use the latest technologies and the more advanced technologies. It's one of the only markets in the world right now where we have online spray services with drones. It just shows you that some markets like India that appear highly fragmented, really do adopt technology very quickly. So we're drone spraying. I think we run over 5,000 acres right now. That number is growing. That's a differentiated approach because it allows us to take our brand-new products and apply them in a way that is very beneficial to the small farmholders in India. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Andrew, just I'll add one comment, Kevin. Andrew mentioned here that it's what we call the fine balance. I call it a fine balance, find dense. Remember, we have to go to our raw material suppliers and ask for products to feed this pipeline. And many of them are in the same position that we are. In other words, they have their manufacturing shutdown. I think you know that this is a very, very complicated supply chain and quite long. So this whole notion of how product flows from our suppliers to us, to the customers.  It's not easy and starting this up is going to be interesting because as we run down our inventories over the last year, our customers have got used to us holding their inventory. That is not going to be occurring in some places in the world with some product lines. So I think this whole notion of the distribution and retail folks running at very low inventory levels compared to historical, we've never done that. So it's going to be interesting to see how this plays out for the value chain, and how we manage inventory going forward as growth starts to come back. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Joel. Yes, new management in Brazil. It's the first time that FMC in a very long time has brought somebody in to be the president of the region from outside the company. We have a very robust human capital process inside the company where we develop talent and move them around the world. We felt now was a good time to bring in talent from the outside, and we brought in a very experienced industry veteran, who has both crop protection background, but also retail and distribution background. So we're getting the best of both wells there.  What are we learning? We're learning that we can expand our customer presence in the sense of where the market pockets are that we can go and expand into. So that's a good sign of a market growth perspective. Also bringing that retail and distribution mentality allows us to think about how we build our offers into that part of the channel to make FMC's overall portfolio very attractive. I think from the order visibility and lower levels of inventory, Joel, I would say both are caring. The fact that people are holding lower levels of inventory is one thing. But it's where it is in that chain that you have to think about. It may be the distribution wants to hold lower levels of inventory, but retail might not because they have to service the customer from what they have. So don't think of the 2 pieces as being opposed to each other. They actually do work hand-in-hand. 
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Mike. If you look at what we've been talking about today in terms of how we think about what we call NPI products launched in the last 5 years, we've gone from back in 2020, 2021, about 10% of our portfolio from those new NPIs. In '23, it was about 13%. We expect it to be about 17% this year. You can see that it takes a number of years for those numbers to start to creep up. And the reason is, you never get to peak sales in year 1. I mean it's impossible in this market. Peak sales going to be anything from 5 years through 10 years. I mean we still have some active ingredients that are 10-plus years old that continue to grow as we find new applications for them.  We've talked about the fungicides. North America doing a very good job, especially with the fluindapyr-based fungicides. They've now been launched in Brazil and in Argentina, and they'll be launched in other parts of the world as we go through '25. So you should expect us to talk about the fluindapyr fungicide growing nicely in '25, '26 easily through '27. The diamides continue their track of new introductions, the Premio Star insecticide that we talked about has grown rapidly. We launched it in Q4. It grew very well in Q1. We expect the '24-'25 season to be very interesting and continued growth.  Pest pressure is not going away in Brazil. And we have, by far, the most robust portfolio of insecticides in the world. So that's a market that we do expect to continue to grow. On top of that, we have Isoflex, which is the grass herbicide that we released in Australia. That is now being put into Argentina. It will go into other parts of Asia as we go through the '25 season. And then probably more exciting than all of those and trust me, they're pretty exciting molecules. We have the brand new rice herbicide that comes in 2026. And that really is a game changer.  Rice is a grass and killing grass in rice is not easy. We have the first new mode of action in 30 years. So Asia is a major target for us in 2026. And then outside of that, on the biological and pheromone side, we will have our first soft launch of our first pheromone in Brazil in '25 and that means it will build in '26 and '27 and beyond through the next decade. That's really the first launch of that whole new platform that we've built. We're making excellent progress in terms of R&D. We have our manufacturing and supply chain coming together very well. We're producing our first real amounts of these pheromones through our new process. So you can tell that over the next few years, the robustness of that portfolio, it's really, really strong. 
