W. Kim Foster: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll report on our free cash flow, the recent stock split and finally comment on our tax rate. First, as a reminder, free cash flow is defined as after all uses, except acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases. We are reaffirming our previous forecast of $200 million to $225 million for the year. As previously stated, the full year free cash flow guidance included -- includes forecasted capital expenditures of $250 million. Through the first 6 months of 2012, cumulative free cash flow has been $153 million, which includes capital spending of $81 million. Clearly, the pace of capital spending in the second half of the year will be significantly in excess of the pace during the first half. This will include the first phases of the Asia MCC plant project that Michael described to you a few moments ago; completion of the Newark, Delaware MCC expansion; as well as other smaller expansion projects and maintenance projects across all of our businesses. As I mentioned during the first quarter conference call, our Board of Directors declared a 2-for-1 stock split of our common stock at the April board meeting. The split was affected in the form of a distribution paid on May 24, 2012, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 11, 2012. Trading in the common stock on a post-split basis began on May 25, 2012. Consequently, we all need to adjust our key metrics by 2. For example, our previous full year guidance of $6.80 to $7.05 per diluted share translates to $3.40 to $3.52 per diluted share. And our shares outstanding are revised from 69 million shares to 138 million shares. And, of course, our 3-digit stock price is now on its way back to the 3-digit level. Regarding share repurchases, our strategy of returning cash to shareholders continues to balance prudent financial policy with the competing demands of investments to support organic growth and the capital to support selected external investments. While we have $245 million of repurchase capacity remaining under our existing board authorization, we made no additional share repurchases in the second quarter as we prepare to fund heavy capital spending in the second half of this year. Moving to taxes. Let me note that we are now forecasting a full year tax rate of 27.5%, 50 basis points higher than our previous forecast. This increase is driven by significantly higher profits in the United States, largely due to higher sales of ag products in the first half of 2012. The tax rate in the second quarter was 28%, and the tax rate for the last 2 quarters is projected to be 27.5%, which will result in a full year tax rate of 27.5%. With that, I will now turn the call back to you, Pierre.
W. Kim Foster: Dmitry, that's a good question. This is Kim. And we have spent -- we spent a lot of time working on inventories. I would like to at least offer to you, if you look, however, on a rolling 12-month basis so you can address the seasonality that we have in our businesses, we don't -- actually don't have deteriorating working capital performance and/or inventory performance. It's difficult when you take 6 months of 1 year and compare it to a sequential period of time. Having said that, Dmitry, I think the thing, the lesson we're learning on the Ag business, as you've seen, is we've continued to have some upsides realized on our Ag business. And I think you know how that works, which is if you don't have the product on the shelf and you end up having to air express it around the world, there's a lot of inefficiencies in that. And as Milton has mentioned and Pierre mentioned, there is -- we are entering into the Brazilian season. So we want to make sure that we have the right amount of inventories in the right places in our Latin American market.
W. Kim Foster: Right. Dmitry, I'd like to also take, since you asked me a question, opportunity to mention something. Pierre, in his prepared remarks, mentioned that we had returned and/or committed to return already, in which case he was referring to the dividend that we announced following our July board meeting, which is payable on October, and mentioned a number of $750 million. He meant to say $570 million, which was the amount that has been returned or committed to return since the Vision 2015 program began in 2010.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thanks, John. Yes, if you look for us, the ag market in North America is mostly in the first half of the year. So yes, the drought could impact the third quarter in North America. I mean, we could see some impacts on rescue applications for example. But we really expect this to have a very limited impact. In addition, it's important to remember that we have a very global footprint and that our Ag performance in the second half largely relies on Latin America. So at this stage, we do not foresee a major impact of the drought situation in North America because of what I just said.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We -- once again, I want to reiterate the fact that there will be no impact in 2013. We need to have the reregistration process. But it's a multi -- in 2014, it's a multi-ten millions of dollars, which we would be expecting coming from bifenthrin. It's an important product with high profitability.
Pierre R. Brondeau: If you look at Specialty, we believe that how our BioPolymer business is well established, I think we're going to benefit from the capacity expansion we did in Cork and the one we did in Newark. So this is a high -- a mid- to high-single-digit sales growth business for BioPolymers. And we expect continued growth in this business, which will be even better with the addition of the pectin and the BioColor business. So we can keep on looking at the same time of performance year-after-year we've been having in BioPolymer. Now the big upside for us is obviously Lithium. We do expect to have turned around the performance of the Lithium business during the fourth quarter and not only benefit from better operation, replenished inventory, but also benefit from the capacity expansion. So there should be a significant driving performance going forward, but not in the BioPolymer, which has been stable growth, but by the turnaround of the Lithium business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. I think we have -- what Michael said is when we look at those 2 business combined, it would be a contribution of a couple of hundred million dollars in the next 4 to 5 years. Now today, it is a business which sales are quite small. I think the natural colors business is a few tens of millions of dollars of sales, and the pectin business is more on the single-digit million dollars. What we are doing with the Pectine acquisition is truly acquire a plant, knowledge and the process. And we are going to be, from that acquisition, organically expanding that business by increasing our capacity around the world. So it's a step for us to get the product and the technology and the manufacturing capability. And we're going to grow from this. So in the short term, those businesses have a slight dilutive impact on earnings in the next couple of quarters, should become accretive fairly quickly. But it's mostly an organic growth now from acquired capabilities.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, the market has been tight. It's mostly in biopolymers, mostly in specialty pulps and -- that we are seeing significant cost pressure.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Kevin, we don't go into detail at this level. I would say, for the outage we had in soda ash, it was mostly a problem of tons of product we were not able to sell more than the operating cost. It's a single-digit million dollars impact we see on the business, same range looking at kind of one-time next quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We're not expecting to see our volumes being hurt. We do not believe. I think they worked more or less through the inventory, and the demand was very strong in the first quarter, very strong in the second quarter. So we do not have worries today about our situation in North America. The strong second quarter, which we saw as a possibility, did happen, and we believe we are in an acceptable situation around the inventory, which is around the supply chain right now.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, we -- Peter, the comment is good and is important. Really, we still have a lot of work to do, and we intend to give a full picture of cash utilization toward capital spend and acquisition when we get together in December at our Investor Day. But directionally, what we believe is capital spending will be higher through the period, that what we were expecting initially when we brought Vision 2015 in place for 2 reasons. One is that our business is growing faster than what we're expecting, leading most likely to higher contribution of organic growth toward our target than we initially thought, and the fact that we had significant capacity limitations. So yes, we should be looking at stronger capital spend. I think, this year, we're contemplating $250 million of capital spending, which is higher than what has been done in the past. So it could be, and we are looking to that at a different balance of cash utilization between capital spending and M&A versus where we were originally planning to spend the money. We still have to do some prioritization. As you know, we have big-ticket items coming toward us like lithium expansion or our Granger II expansion for soda ash. So those have to be prioritized and discussed in terms of timing.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Peter, I'm sorry if I missed some of your questions. It's very hard to, for some reason, to hear you, but...
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. I mean, it all depends. Delta in earnings all depends how quickly we turn the performance of the business around in the fourth quarter. But generally speaking, if you look at Lithium, we have all the reasons in the world to believe that the Lithium business is a business which has an EBIT-to-sales ratio, under normal operations, in the 20% to 25% range, like most of our business at FMC. This business this year is operating more into the low-double-digit range than the 20% to 25%. So if you look at what we could expect as an upside, that's the kind of differential.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I'm not sure, Laurence. The importance of the mix shift, if you talk about mostly food, toward the pharma or -- but generally speaking, to answer your question, margins in BioPolymer are trending up.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think, for us, first of all, even if there is pressure on the business, we are sold out. So we do have a situation where we do not expect to suffer from an underutilization of our assets. From a pricing, today, we are assuming with the context, the economical context we are in, that we're going to see pressure into Q3, potentially Q4. But we believe we are renegotiating contracts going into 2013 with a pretty strong situation.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. It's maintenance and operational. Nothing -- no fundamental change. Normal bumps on the road you have when you operate a large facility like the one we had.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We have a couple of ways to do it. I think the favorite way we have today is to replicate the kind of plant we are buying in other regions of the world, which is more of an organic approach to the growth. We're still looking at a couple of small acquisitions in that field, but acquisitions are fairly uncertain. So we want to look at both ways. We will definitely grow that business, most likely, organically, with building another plant somewhere else in the world. Could take advantage of another acquisition, but it's not absolutely necessary.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Dmitry, we're going to stay quiet on this one, because we are in the middle of exploring options. We have a few options we are contemplating, but we will be happy to report on these options and the direction we take as soon as we are in the position to do it.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you very much. Thank you, all, for your questions. I think we can all see that FMC continued to perform very well in the first half of 2012, with sales up 15% and EPS up 25%. As we said during the question-and-answer, we have begun to see some indicators of overall economic health trending downward slightly. Examples were soda ash, consumption in China and lower hydrogen peroxide volumes in Europe, for example. However, more than 80% of our portfolio is not linked to GDP cycles. We have a limited line of sight on leading indicators for the global economy beyond what we see and hear going into the second half of 2012. We continue to see a strong performance for FMC through the remainder of the year despite any macroeconomic trends. Overall, we are forecasting second half sales growth in the high-single digit and EBIT growth in the low-double digit. So the bottom line for FMC is still very positive, and we should result in another record year for sales and earnings. Thank you very much for your time.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Mike. As you recall from the discussion at the end of the first quarter, what had happened is we had very unusual rains in the December through February period. So what the impact of that was, was it diluted brine that we have both in pre-evaporation ponds, which is prior to processing, and also our final solar brine. So as we moved into the second quarter, we began to produce more lithium. But because the concentration of lithium in the brine was lower than ideal, that creates a manufacturing inefficiency. You think about the energy that you have to consume, et cetera, I mean, you're processing twice as much water, evaporating twice as much water if your concentration is half of what you would ideally like it to be. So we have sort of suffered through that situation with manufacturing at below optimal conditions and brine concentration for some period of time. And we finally got -- and what we had hoped was that we would see evaporative conditions that would improved that situation over the course of the second quarter. But the reality, as it turned out, was that during the Argentine winter, we didn't have very favorable evaporative conditions, so the brine concentrations haven't improved all that much. So rather than continue to process those brines at low concentrations, we've sort of taken the difficult but necessary decision to scale back production to give the brines time to concentrate so then when we do produce, it will be at an optimal condition, and we'll have a much better cost position for the product that we produce.
D. Michael Wilson: In particular, we've taken an extended outage, maintenance outage, if you will, for our lithium chloride operation. And we're allocating product predominantly to carbonate, which is the predominant feedstock for the downstream products like lithium hydroxide. So as you know, we're sort of preferentially looking at our marketplace and our customers based upon strategic importance and profitability and allocating on that basis. That means that -- that's not to say that we're not still producing any lithium chloride or lithium metal that would be produced from that. But we've clearly shifted the focus of what we are producing, and we're taking that outage on the chloride side.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I think if you look at -- if you go back to our Vision 2015 plan that we put together, we had margins in the business that were in the low 20s, and we indicated that we expected those to grow to the 25% range by 2015. I think we're still on track to do that. We're obviously making a lot of investments, and I think the acquisitions that we're bringing in are going to bring us the same kind of margins that we have in the business as a whole. So I don't see any reason that it's going to be different than that.
Mark A. Douglas: Sure. Mike, it's Mark. We do have, through ANSAC and through our own direct exports around the world, have some ability to move from region to region as demand sees fit. But as you can imagine, a lot of our business is either quarterly or longer-term contracts, so we are tied to some extent. But we do have some freedom of movement. And in fact, if you recall, in the first quarter, we did talk about the export mix for FMC being very favorable. That occurred because we were not shipping to some countries in the world where we have lower prices. So we do have some flexibility, but it's not probably as much as you imagine.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Mike, it's Mark here. I think we've indicated for quite some time that the mix has been roughly 70-30 in terms of commodity to specialty. I think, where we are today, we're more in the 65 commodity to 35 specialty. So we're well on our way in terms of delivering on our Vision 2015. And I have to say that the specialty applications that we're involved in, they're growing well above GDP rates for many of the markets we're in. So we're seeing a lot of good traction.
Mark A. Douglas: Dmitry, it's Mark. I'll take that one. You're right, we have had a price announcement for the domestic market, and it's round about its normal time. And when you look at anybody that wishes to follow a second announcement, which we sometimes do, it's usually later in the summer when we do that. So the fact that we've only made one announcement at this point, I wouldn't read anything into that at this time. I would say, secondly, from a demand standpoint, as Pierre just said, we're in sold-out mode, and we have been for some time now. So we're very confident being the world's lowest-cost producer of natural soda ash that we'll be able to place our volume at premiums around the world. I would say, the other thing you've got to remember is North American demand is still some 10% below its peak of 2008. So any signs that these markets come back further from where they are today, it's going to get tighter. So we're very confident moving into the 2013 season that we have pricing leverage.
