Paul Graves: Thank you, Pierre. 2017 saw a solid cash flow performance, driven by a significant improvement in cash collection in Brazil. One important metric that we track is, of course, past due receivables in Brazil, which have declined by almost 30% compared to the end of 2016. While we do not expect past dues to completely disappear, we believe that 2018 should see us move back to levels consistent with historical performance. For the full year, we saw adjusted cash from operations slightly below 2016. However, this was entirely due to a cash outflow in the final two months from the acquired business as we started to build trade receivables. As you recall, we did not acquire any of the receivables with the business, creating this one-off cash flow in the quarter. Net debt finished the year at just under $3 billion, reflecting the $1.2 billion payment to DuPont made in the fourth quarter. One important area that is getting a lot of attention today is the tax rate. We finished 2017 exactly where we expected with an effective tax rate of approximately 15%. This rate reflects the fact that the majority of our income is generated in lower tax jurisdictions, reflecting the nature of our supply chain and our revenue mix. Looking forward to 2018 and beyond; recently enacted tax reform in the U.S. impacts us in three main ways. First of all, we will have a transition tax payable over the next eight years of approximately $200 million, reflecting tax on overseas retained income. This will impact cash flows in the coming years but will not impact our effective tax rate. Second, we see a one-off charge to GAAP earnings, reflecting the revaluation of certain assets, most notably deferred tax assets of around $160 million. Again, this will not impact our future effective tax rate. And third, we will see a rise in our effective tax rate for 2018 as a result of the imposition of what is effectively a minimum tax on overseas income, combined with the restriction on the use of foreign tax credit to offset this additional tax. What this means to FMC is that wherever we see a tax rate outside the U.S. of less than around 13%, we will be hit with an additional U.S. tax bill under the guilty provisions of the tax reform. For us, the offsetting reduction in the U.S. tax rate will not be sufficient to offset this minimum overseas tax surcharge since we do not generate significant U.S. income today. While this change is a little as the result of the acquisition of assets from DuPont, the net effect is that our effective tax rate for 2018 is likely to increase by about 300 basis points at the midpoint of the range to 18%. I would caution you we continue to work our way through what a very complex calculations and legislation that in many areas is somewhat ambiguously worded. We will continue to refine our calculations and seek clarity as to the treatment of certain items and you should expect us to update you on our estimate as for the tax rate in each of the coming quarters. Looking into 2018 for cash flow, we expect to generate adjusted cash from operations in the range of $550 million to $650 million. Capital spending will increase to around $250 million at the midpoint. Lithium will invest around $105 million, led by the expansion of lithium carbonate capacity in Argentina and the continued addition of lithium hydroxide capacity. The benefits of these investments will start to accrue later in 2018 for the carbonate debottlenecking, in 2019 for the hydroxide expansions, and in 2020 for the carbonate expansion. Ag Solutions capital spending is expected to be approximately $95 million and corporate-level CapEx will be approximately $50 million, which is mainly the initial spending on the two-year implementation of a new SAP system. Finally, the Lithium separation remains on track. We expect to be in a position to file initial drafts of the required documents with the SEC in the summer of this year, which gives us confidence that we will list Lithium in the late third or early fourth quarter of 2018, with the full separation from FMC taking place late in the first quarter of 2019. And with that, I will hand the call back to Pierre.
Paul Graves: Yes, the FX question, I think pretty straightforward. The euro is the only exchange rate that really had a meaningful difference on a budget basis, think about how we hedge forward compared to what we saw in 2017. A few small changes in other currencies. The net impact of this is actually relatively small across the entire business. We do have a small tailwind, very low single-digits percent increase in revenue and a very small tailwind to operating profit as well as a result of the forecast FX rates, but really not meaningful numbers.
Paul Graves: Hi Dmitry, it's Paul. No, we've always had really Q3 lined up. It's largely driven, frankly, by requirements for listing a public company, SEC filing, the need for audited financials, the need for quarterly financials. It's -- we are really exactly where we always said we wanted to be, internally at least, when we first announced this almost -- some -- almost a year ago. So, no. If we've made statements that implied the summer for an actual listing, then that's probably incorrect because in the past, there's always been an expectation of a Q3 listing.
Paul Graves: If it was early for Tom to forecast 2019, then forecasting 2025 is asking a lot, Mike. I think a couple of comments I'd just make. I think the capital commitment we've laid out there for the expansion in here is pretty straightforward. We took about $250 million to $300 million for a 20,000 ton expansion. As we expand further in Argentina, we would expect a similar kind of cost, maybe a little less for the next phase, although we're still working on that, so I wouldn't want to stick a pin in it yet. On the hydroxide side, again, it really sort of depends on where we put the units. So, there is a meaningful difference between the capital cost in different parts of the world, but you also get a -- in return for that, typically an inverse correlation between operating costs. So, we will go through that and work out where is the best place to put these units based on demand, based upon supply of carbonate, et cetera, but it's a much, much lower capital commitment that comes through there. Now, this business today operates at an EBITDA margin of about 45% or so. And I think we've been pretty clear that we -- where we view pricing to be into the future and I think we have a pretty clear view to how many LCEs we'll be producing. I think you guys can probably knock out pretty easily a headline view of what you think the earnings power of the business might be under those scenarios.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. In summary, we feel very good about where FMC is today. Our Ag Solutions business delivered a strong Q4, and we are set to deliver an exceptional 2018, with revenue growth significantly above the market growth rate. The integration of the acquired business is progressing very well. We are in the early stages of understanding the growth synergies, and we will communicate further regarding scale of these synergies on future calls. Lithium had a very strong quarter to finish the year and is on track to deliver another exceptional year in 2018. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.
Pierre Brondeau: One comment I would add to what Tom is saying is the -- we have a very thorough process to protect our process technology. I believe there might not be more than two people within all of FMC and our partners who have a full understanding of this process. So, we have a way to protect the process technology by segregating part of the process, and nobody has a complete visibility onto the process and how the parameters of the process impact the performance of the products.
Pierre Brondeau: I think for some reason, we have a little bit of a connection problem. We couldn't hear the beginning of the question. But in a few words, what we believe is that Rynaxypyr, Cyazypyr and overall the acquired market is performing at least at the level of our expectations from where we do have markets and applications today. There is definitely a process and you can see it through our comments, for example, what we said about Asia, India, Southeast Asia where we do have increased penetration of new crops, new registration, new formulations for product, which are allowing to grow faster. Needless to say that in the coming years, FMC will also be looking at developing new products from those base chemistry. The last point we have not touched here and we are gathering a lot of data is around growth synergies. We do believe there is significant growth synergies to be seen in the years to come between the FMC and the acquired portfolio, allowing additional growth to what we have talked about. So, I would say, all in all, everything we are seeing and we're operating is it's very positive for us. And I don't believe we are capturing all of the potential today of -- in the numbers we are presenting.
Pierre Brondeau: I think I would say when you look at a plus 15% in the market shrinking 10%, there is two reasons to the performance. One is the fact that we are one of the very few companies, compared to others, which are operating with almost, I would call, a normal level of inventory in the channel. So, we are not in a growth penalized by products which were in the channel, lowering our ability to sell into the channel, allowing us to have growth rate which are closer to product on the ground utilization. Now, the number is, of course, increased by the fact that as we've been taking measures over last two years and moving away from some low profitability-generated products, you are comparing to -- for us, to sales which were understated because of the actions we are taking. So, those are the two reasons for which we are outperforming so much. Do we expect to outperform the market next year? Yes, we do. Do we expect to outperform the market by the same extent? Certainly not because we had -- we're going to have a tougher comparison when comparing to 2017 performance.
Pierre Brondeau: I think the operation for Lithium in the first quarter are about the same. I mean, there is no fundamental change in the business in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. It is the sequential comparison between Q4 and Q1. If you look back at historical performance, it's the same. The fourth quarter is historically a quarter which is a strong quarter. Sales are high and the products out of Argentina, because of the seasonality of our production, are very high. So, it is just a normal sequential. And you will most likely see when you look at -- on a quarterly basis for this year, you'll most likely see a stronger fourth quarter than you will see first quarter. You will see earnings ramping up and being at the highest level in the fourth quarter. First quarter -- there is a good thing about the first quarter. If you look at the sales to earnings, it's a high profit quarter because the mix is favorable. So, there is nothing fundamentally different. It's mostly driven by Q4 performance by production -- seasonal production in Argentina and first quarter margin by product mix.
Pierre Brondeau: So, I mean, you said it, Don. There is no cost synergies per se. We always talk about that as a tool to try to model EPS for 2018 based on the negotiation we made when we acquired the business. So, where we are today is we have structured an organization which can run a $4 billion-plus business with a TSA supporting the acquired business. We spend about $50 million per year on that TSA and that TSA runs until end of 2019. Today, we have not been able -- we're not separating the functional organization and we just have an organization which supports the entire business. So, the way we look at it is what we have today is a structure which supports, as I said, a $4 billion-plus business with minimum -- what we believe as being minimum EBITDA margin for this year on an average of 27%. Then new projects [Indiscernible] toward the end of 2019, what will be happening then is we will have implemented and we started the process a month ago now, we will have implemented a brand-new SAP system, S/4HANA and we will be rolling out -- rolling off the TSA. Now, we have not yet done a calculation of what potential savings. But to think about three digits in million dollars by the time we're rolling off the TSA and having a new SAP is not a stretch. So, what we are thinking is we're operating today with a 27% EBITDA margin. Could we -- could it get better? Yes, it could. We are adding very carefully resources to operate our business. And then you project yourself two years down the road and you can eliminate $100 million of costs.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, we are demonstrating our ability. Initially, we believe the two units for lithium hydroxide in China should be able to produce 8,000 tons per year, and we are operating and have been able to operate throughout the quarter above the number. So, yes, expectation that will be at or north of 9,000 tons of lithium hydroxide potential with these two units is being confirmed. We are planning to add another unit in China of lithium hydroxide and then another two -- couple of units, most likely in North America for at least one of them. And we will have the exact same process, which we move the securing contract before the French [Indiscernible]. But with what we see of the demand today, discussion we have with customers, as it was the case for the first unit, we believe the unit will be sold out before we start operation.
Pierre Brondeau: And it is more a, I would say, a normal course of business planning in a situation where we believe we're going to have very interesting growth rate for this business versus the market than an integration challenge.
Thomas Schneberger: Yes. Partners is a good way to say it. And what we did was we began a partnership with a long-standing partnership of our Ag business. We invest in the assets, we manage the technology, and we keep tight control over the sensitivity of that technology.
Thomas Schneberger: Yes, hi Joel, this is Tom. Yes, I mean, it's a little bit early to be forecasting 2019, but I'll give you an indication of where things are. The debottlenecking will come in over the course of 2018 and there's potential upside there. This is a number of different projects that have different characteristics on yield and some incremental capability of equipment that we may see additional there. We do expect Nemaska volume to begin in 2019 and we still need to see, to your point, how much of that volume will be there, but there are commitments and penalties to that end. And we continue, I would say, a multipronged effort on the acquisition of carbonate elsewhere. So, as you know, in 2018, we'll continue to be long carbonate and we have the ability to shift LCEs toward hydroxide to continue to grow. We have potential for more debottlenecking and we have the potential of more LCEs from the outside as well.
Thomas Schneberger: Yes, this is Tom. First, let me comment on the effective capacity being above demand. If you look at 2017, effective capacity results were above demand. It doesn't mean that the right products are getting to the customers. We saw 2017 demand limited by supply, and we saw prices up substantially in 2017. So, the same could occur even though effective capacity is above demand. Looking at what we see 2017 to 2018, we've gotten price increases across all of our products. If you take the midpoint of the revenue and the LCEs, you can come pretty close to see that we got a revenue per LCE that is well above the market and that is driven by a mid-teens increase in our lithium hydroxide product line.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Of course, as Pierre mentioned, we're expecting a range of about 2% to 4% growth for the full year. That's going to be pretty evenly spread across the four quarters. We're already seeing Q1 well into the business in North America where the retail is getting ready for the season in the Midwest. I would say the market in California or in the West has kicked off a little earlier than normal, so that's going to help in Q1. Around the rest of the world, in Europe, we're seeing growth, as we said, from our business, particularly in France. This is our first year of direct market access. So, we're out in the market now selling and that's going very well. So, I think that 2% to 4% range is roughly what you should expect per quarter as we go through the year.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Mike. Taking Latin America overall, I think Pierre alluded to earlier that we think the Brazilian market is probably down 9% to 10% full year. When you look at our business in Brazil, we're up significantly. As you said, we were -- we had about a 3% growth in the fourth quarter. I think one of the things that you have to recognize is that's exactly how we planned it. If you remember, Q3 was a very large quarter for us. We knew that was the cadence that was going to happen, so we fully forecasted that type of growth rate. I think going around the rest of the region, Mexico is very good for us. Good growth in niche crops. Obviously, the newly acquired portfolio helps us there tremendously as well. In Argentina, market was very tough weather-wise. We see continued expansion of the pre-emergent herbicides with our Authority brand. So, Argentina was good for us in the second half of the year, expect that to continue as well. So, overall, Latin America performed very well for us.
Mark Douglas: Dan, no, not really. I mean, it obviously is very early to tell whether what the pest pressure is going to be like. I can tell you, though, from a herbicide perspective, our sales already for pre-emergent Authority for soy is very, very strong. So, clearly, retail and distribution are gearing up for a very strong soy season, which will benefit us. With channel inventories, I think different companies have different channel inventories. We've said it in the past for us; we think in-soil insecticides is a high for us. They will come down over the next season. But from a herbicide perspective, we're exactly where we want to be.
Mark Douglas: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is from the legacy FMC pipeline that's coming out of research, we now have products that are getting close enough that we're thinking about brand-new capacity for those new active ingredients. So, that's part of that overall capacity view of our supply chain. So, we would expect to be making those investments outside the next 12-month period, but it's coming quickly.
