Paul W. Graves: Thanks, Pierre. Today, I'll review some of the financial highlights of the quarter, including capital additions, M&A activities and how we're now accounting for the Peroxygens activities. And I'll also describe the impact of foreign exchange volatility on the quarter. So let me start with the accounting treatment of Peroxygens. Now the divestiture process itself remains on-track, and we expect to announce the results of this process by the end of the year. Now all of the financial information that I'll refer to today excludes items associated with Peroxygens, which is now accounted for as a discontinued operation. This is the first quarter that we're presenting our results this way, with the reclassification also impacting our balance sheet. You'll note from our financial schedules that we have taken a charge to write down the assets of the business as required under current GAAP rules. This write-down was driven in large part by the accumulated foreign currency translation adjustments or CTA which currently sit on our balance sheet. And these CTA are not strictly a Peroxygens matter, as they are related to the former FMC Foret operations. When we restructured Foret a few years ago, a relatively large CTA balance was left behind and will now have to be written off through the income statement when we exit Peroxygens. We are required by accounting rules to include this CTA balance when we assess the recoverability of the assets held for sale. So we, therefore, reduced the value of these assets by approximately $50 million after tax. There are no cash implications of this write-down and this does not impact our adjusted earnings or adjusted EPS. Capital additions in the third quarter were $75 million, and year-to-date, we have spent $153 million on capital projects. We now expect that, for the full year, capital spending will be approximately $300 million compared to our original expectation of $350 million. This reduction is due to 2 primary factors: First, we are now excluding the spending related to Peroxygens. And second, we are delivering many of our projects for less than originally budgeted. So basically, we are completing the planned investments at a lower aggregate cost than originally budgeted. From an M&A perspective, we announced 2 acquisitions, the valifenalate and CAEB; and 1 strategic alliance with Chr. Hansen. We have not disclosed financial details on these transactions. And while none of them involve meaningful upfront cash outlays, they will all require additional investments largely in the form of future R&D spending. So now let me comment on the impact of foreign currency movements during the quarter. We saw some large and rapid swings in certain currencies. Specifically, changes in the exchange rates of Brazil, India, Australia, Indonesia and Japan relative to the U.S. dollar were unfavorable to our results. In total during the quarter, unfavorable foreign exchange movements reduced our earnings by approximately $12 million or approximately $0.06 per diluted share, all of which was reflected in the results of our ag solutions segment. While our earnings are typically protected from major currency movements through a combination of currency hedging and pricing actions, the movements we saw in the quarter were more rapid than usual. We are confident that we will be able to adjust pricing to reflect these currency movements in the coming periods. With that, I will turn the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: Look, I think Pierre just sized it perfectly. It's -- there's no adjustment in the Q4 forecast to reflect expectation of further foreign currency movements. And then when we look at where the rates are today, they've been seesawing around a little bit, but we don't see today the same impact coming through in Q4 that caught us in Q3.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. Let me answer that one. So the spike in the short-term debt is as follows: First of all, and let me just touch on each of the points, we bought Epax and we did a share repurchase, as you know, in the second quarter that we announced. Both of those were funded in the short-term debt markets. And the reason for that is that we launched a new commercial paper program earlier this year, and we wanted to make sure that we got that program up and running. We had enough volume going through that CP program to establish our name in the market. It is certainly a much higher level than we will intend to keep it at. You should not assume that short-term debt level stays at that -- at those elevated levels that you see today. We have obviously proceeds to come in from the Peroxygens divestment. And we will be relooking at a mix of short- and long-term debt, as we always do, later this year and into early next year, to make sure that we don't get those balances to a place that we're not comfortable with.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. Let's now turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. In the fourth quarter, we expect to deliver adjusted earnings of $0.90 to $1 per diluted share, a 23% increase versus the fourth quarter of 2012 at the midpoint of the range. Agricultural Solutions earnings will be up in the mid- to high-teens percent, reflecting strong growth in Latin American markets and potentially early season demand in North America. In Health and Nutrition, core business growth, combined with Epax contributions, will increase quarterly earnings in the mid 20s% over last year. And in Minerals, we expect continued sequential improvement in Asia soda ash export pricing, as well as improved Lithium margins. However, lower average export soda ash prices will decrease segment earnings by mid-single-digit percent compared to the fourth quarter 2012. Overall, our full year forecast remains consistent with the previous quarter's earning call. We expect adjusted earnings to be between $3.74 and $3.84 per diluted share, a 12% increase over 2012 at the midpoint of the range. We anticipate another strong finish in Agricultural Solutions based on favorable market conditions and share gains in Latin America. Brazil's cotton planted area has rebounded, and we are gaining share in the rapidly expanding Latin American soybean market. Our newly introduced crop protection products are growing globally, and demand for our resistance management products in North America remains strong. Taking these factors together, we anticipate segment earnings will be up mid- to high-teens percent compared to 2012. In Health and Nutrition, we expect segment earnings to increase in the high-single-digit percent, driven by continued growth in our core market segment and partial year benefits from our Epax acquisition. This will be offset somewhat by cost associated with acquisition and Manufacturing Excellence initiatives. Minerals segment's earnings are expected to be down in the mid 20s% due to lower average export soda ash prices and the impact from Lithium's operational challenges earlier this year. We are confident that our Lithium operational issues are behind us, and we expect Lithium operating margin to improve in the fourth quarter, a positive sign as we head into 2014. In Alkali Chemicals, we expect the North American market will realize a low- to mid-single-digit dollar per tons increase in pricing versus the prior year, with volumes also slightly up. We anticipate Asian export market to sequentially improve, but the pace of the improvement remains difficult to predict. Finally, Manufacturing Excellence program in alkali will continue to deliver additional production volume that will offset some price weakness. Now I will turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, in term of the manufacturing process, we intend to develop the product with our CAEB acquisition. And the fermentation process for manufacturing will be done within Chr. Hansen factory, so they will be producing the product for us, which will then be formulated and commercialized. From a size standpoint, I think, for us, we are looking at a nascent market. What is very important is, when you look at the contribution in this market, we are talking a 2017 to 2020 to really see sales taking off, but it is not of a major impact in the short term.
Pierre R. Brondeau: This year, if we look at the crop protection market, the chemicals part, I would say to meet single-digit market growth globally. So 5% will be the number. And that's -- and once again, that's the market, that's not our performance. We are growing much faster than the market growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So in Q4, I think the thing which was surprising -- and I'll let Paul add to my comment, but what happened, it was a very abrupt movement, especially in Brazil where the currency changed and hit us by about $13 million. So $0.06 in the third quarter was the currency movement in ag, which we've heard [ph] back. And today, we -- as I say, we are about on top of our hedge. So we don't have much of an impact forward in the fourth quarter. Paul, if you want to add anything to that.
Pierre R. Brondeau: John, I think it was a fairly unusual situation. It was an order pattern. And then we actually saw a very strong first couple of quarters, which were out of norm. We were expecting a slowdown and just as people were -- in their manufacturing were stocking more product than needed looking at the growth of the industry. But usually, when this kind of situation happen, you see a -- things are being recalibrated over a longer period of time. For some reason, some of our very key customers, and large customers, had a pretty abrupt control of stock, and all of that happened during the month of August. So that was -- the biggest surprise for us was not the fact that the second half would be growing slower than the first half, which was above 10% growth rate, which is above our normal rate for the food business, but the speed at which they did their inventory correction. It was abrupt, but we are back to normal patterns. So if you look, the year is going to close very much where we're expecting it, around a 6% growth rate, but it's got to be done with a profile which is, from a quality basis, a bit unusual with a 10% growth rate, 10% or 11% in the first half and maybe a single digit in the second half.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, thank you, Mike. I'll let Mark talk about it. But it's one of the positive developments, part of our -- one of our strategic thrusts to grow our fungicide market. We've made some acquisition of key actives from there, and those are very successful. So Mark, if you want to give some color to the questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Sure, when I look year-on-year, we believe, especially if you include the Epax acquisition, we'll be in the teens, the 10% to 15% growth rates, with the core business if you exclude the acquisition of Epax being in the high single digit. So it is a business today. It's been a business where we've made a lot of investment changes, spent a lot of money in integration and launching the new plant. I think we're going to be demonstrating a very strong performance in the fourth quarter. And we're going to get into the -- into next year, I would strongly hope, with the MCC plants and leveraging the Omega-3 acquisition, that we're going to be in the double-digit growth rates. I know there was -- there is potentially some question around the growth rates of this business for the year, which seems to be a bit lower than what was our guidance at the last quarters, but for -- I'm talking for 2013. We just acquired Epax, and a big part of the growth of the business will come from our new plant, and I think that's where we see -- have some question mark around the timing. We are hoping initially before we did the acquisition and through the due diligence that we could have the startup of the plant around the first quarter. It's looking now as an early November. Everything is going well. The plant, this technology, everything is exactly where we thought. But when you start a new plant, those kind of things happen. So that's the only thing. If you see some changes in our forecast, it's only due to a timing around our Epax plant. So for me, 2014 is the year where this business will benefit from all of the acquisition we've made, as well as investment in the core business, allowing to have the growth we can have.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Right now, we do not see anything which would be concerning. I think it was a pattern. We -- one of the issue you have when you're in the pharma business, like we are, we have some very big customers. And if some of those customers would have a very different pattern to order product and then correct on whatever stock they have, you could see some quarterly numbers which would be surprising. I think that the only surprise is some of them over-ordered and changed their -- and corrected their inventory situation very abruptly in a month, which they usually don't do. But I do not see anything which seems to be a general direction for the business. I have to say, and maybe I'll ask Mike to add some color to this comment, I think the order pattern we are seeing now going into the fourth quarter are back to the more normal rates we are expecting for this business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: On this question, I mean, let me add some numbers. The third quarter, we faced a almost $5 million just for the Health and Nutrition business increasing raw material costs. So that was a headwind. We are used to this kind of fluctuation in this business, and we usually are capable with our technology to push this cost increase into our customers. But every time you have some abrupt change in pricing, you always have a phase where there is a timing issue. And price increase were abrupt this quarter. We announced lately a price increase, and we're going to be recovering what we lost. But it was about $5 million of headwind in the quarter for raw material.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So the way we are operating, actually, it's almost a band of everything. We do have -- we have been expanding our ponds, but we also have some technology for to pre-concentrate the lithium in some pre-concentration ponds. So we are able to feed the columns with higher-concentration products. So it's a combination: it's a process change, a higher lithium concentration and pond expansion. And to give you the numbers just to be very specific, on daily rate, before we were talking about that pre-expansion, we were operating at rates which were around 9.5 tons per day. And we've been operating over the last 2 months, September and October, continually at 12.5 up to 13 tons per day.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Peter. Let me start to answer that, and then I'll ask Ed to complete my answer. But directionally, and that is one of the reasons for which we were able to deliver higher average domestic price here in North America, and we are seeing sequentially, even if it is slower than what we're expecting sequentially increasing price in the export market, and mostly in Asia, it's because we are seeing a tightening of the supply-demand. It is a combination of synthetic plants being shut down. And the latest one were the plants from the announcement from Solvay. Some Chinese plants shut down because of environmental situation. And a demand, the market we are serving, if you look to especially in China, and the growth is being driven by China today, but especially around the glass packaging, flat glass, detergent, those market also have been growing maybe more strongly over the last few months. So we see a tightening of the supply-demand, which is creating an environment where we are able to reestablish pricing which are more in line with the -- with historical pricing. I think the soda ash market is going to grow by 5% this year -- or 3% to 5% this year mostly because of the demand on the end market. Ed, do you want to add something to this...
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Peter. If you look at the headwind, when we talked about $20 million, we were referencing mostly to 2 things: One was the $12 million to $13 million currency impact, and the $6 million onetime costs we had to face in the Minerals business. That was dimensioning. I mean, I could add also we had a $5 million headwind on the raw material pricing for Health and Nutrition. We don't view that as a onetime headwind because we are used to those movements and we will recover that with price increase in the following quarters. And you know that when price will go back down, cost will go back down. We will keep the price up for a little while and get this money back. So the onetime $20 million is mostly the currency. $13 million and the one-off time would be on the Minerals business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. The demand is fairly where we were expecting it. There is -- the market is -- the supply-demand is about balanced. I think we're operating at 85%, about 85% of the demand. So there is no major change in the way we are looking. We still -- I mean, the big question mark is still how big electrical vehicles will be, but it's a post-2015, really, question. The -- I'd say the commercial side is not as much a market change than it is for us to get back in this business with the right mix of product and more sales. We've been under-supplying our customers versus what they wanted for a couple of years or 1.5 years. Most of the contracts are 1-year contracts, so we are working our way back. We do have a very strong reputation around quality and are really viewed as one of the top supplier from a quality standpoint. So some of our customers are more than welcoming us as a strong supplier, but it's more of an efficiency [ph] commercial strategy than it is a supply-demand situation in the market. It's still a market which is growing today in the 6% to 8% range per year.
Pierre R. Brondeau: For now, no major changes. But as any good management team, we'll always look at our portfolio to make the right decision at the right time. But right now, we have a 3-segment stable organization.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right, thank you very much. In closing remarks, I would like to say that we are pleased with the performance of the Agricultural Solutions business, which continues to outpace market growth and will deliver the 10th consecutive year of record earnings. We're expanding our portfolio of chemistry and investing in a premier biological platform to ensure we continue to deliver these results. The Health and Nutrition business is well positioned to deliver greater revenue and earnings growth going forward. Our core markets continue to perform well, while our acquisitions, especially Epax, broaden our offerings and contribute to this accelerated earnings growth. Health and Nutrition is on track to deliver a ninth straight year of record earnings performance, and the fourth quarter will demonstrate the momentum in this business, which will continue in 2014. Our Minerals business is recovering, with export prices increasing and Lithium operational improvements successfully implemented. This business should also experience strong positive momentum going into 2014. Despite what has been a challenging 2013, we expect to deliver another solid performance, with 13% revenue growth and 12% earnings per share growth. We remain confident that all our businesses are aligned to finish this year in a position of strength. As we enter 2014, we expect business fundamentals to improve over 2013, giving us confidence that we firmly remain on track to deliver our Vision 2015 commitment. Thank you very much for your time and attention.
Mark A. Douglas: Michael, this is Mark. Yes, you're absolutely right. From last year, it was a very positive start to the season. And actually, we're seeing very similar trends. I mean, from our perspective, you know that we're heavily involved in the resistance side of North America. So for us, the season does come early as we look at corn rootworm resistance and putting our products down. So for us, it is a little early at this point, but Q4 could be very good for North America as we roll into the early part of the season.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, obviously, resistance has been very important for the selective herbicides that we have. We don't see that slowing down at all, even with the introduction of new traits. What we do see is the resistant acres continuing to develop, especially for glyphosate, and we will be part of that program. Obviously, resistance does tend to come rather quickly now, we all know that. After a number of years, we see resistance building across a number of the regions, so we would expect that growth to continue as we move forward over the next few years.
Mark A. Douglas: Well, Sandy, it is a competitive market out there, but we were one of the first in with a patented product for the application side, so we took significant market share. We continue to see that grow. And we're certainly not sitting on our laurels in terms of how we develop that segment and make it easier to use. If you think about how fast the planting occurred in this season given the weather conditions, our products had to go down in an easy manner so the growers could use them very easily. We're going to progress that, so yes, there will be more competition, but I'm very confident with the branding that we have in the marketplace, our ability to capture new acres and bringing new technologies to play, that we'll continue to grow our share.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes. Mike, as you know, we've been putting a lot of effort behind growing the fungicide side of our business. It is where I would say our portfolio needs the largest part of growth. It's typically about 8% to 9% of our overall portfolio, and obviously, we want to get that up to a number that's more representative of where the market is. I would say we're having great success in Brazil, especially on soy, with newly introduced products. We're seeing activities in Europe as well. Overall, Asia should be a good market for us. We've got new products going in there. The products we bought from Bayer CropScience are seeing acceleration in China, especially this year. So overall, I would say we're very confident that, that market will continue to grow for us. It's becoming meaningful. It will become more so as we go through the rest of this decade, for sure.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, sure. Laurence, to answer your question on the first part, which was the kind of growth rates going forward, when you look at what we've put forward for Vision 2015, and we're still very much on track for that, '14 and '15 have to grow to the mid to high teens, and we still see that going forward. Our run rate for new products introduced keeps climbing year-on-year, and we have a plan by 2015 to be in the 30% to 35% range. A lot of that's through formulation science that we apply into the marketplace, further penetration into soy and other crops around the world. So we feel very good about that growth rate going forward through '14 and '15. On the biologicals front, Pierre pretty much had it nailed. We are going to be in research for biologicals. It's very important for us. We believe it's a much faster approach to bringing new actives to the market. Plus the fact that, with our formulation capabilities and market access, we believe there's a real space and a growing space, so synthetic chemistry and biologicals together. I think they're going to have a synergistic effect, which will bring new modes of action that will allow us to once again expand our market access and penetration.
