Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to FMC Corporation's third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Pierre Brondeau, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Mark Douglas, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Andrew Sandifer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Pierre will review FMC's third quarter performance and provide the outlook for 2018 and the fourth quarter. Andrew will provide an overview of select financial results. All three will then address your questions. The slide presentation that accompanies our results, along with our earnings release and the 2018 outlook statement, are available on our website, and the prepared remarks from today's discussion will be made available after the call. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's discussion will include forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties concerning specific factors, including, but not limited to, those factors identified in our release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information presented represents our best judgment based on today's information. Actual results may vary based upon these risks and uncertainties. Today's discussion will focus on adjusted earnings for all income statement and EPS references. A reconciliation and definition of these terms as well as other non-GAAP financial terms to which we may refer during today's conference call are provided on our website. With that, I will now turn the call over to Pierre.
Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Thank you, Pierre. As Livent has just had its own conference call, we'll keep this Q&A session focused on our Ag business, other than to answer to any potential questions you might have on the Livent separation plan. Operator, you can now begin the Q&A.
Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Can we just resume with that last question from KeyBanc? Sorry about that. We have an interruption (47:32- 50:17)
Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Okay. Let's go back in the Q&A and start with the next question. I believe it's Mark Connelly at Stephens.
Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Well, if it goes blank again then we're just going to have to end the call. But let's try and answer this question. Mark, go ahead.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Andrew. I could not be more pleased with where we are today. We are preparing FMC for a long period of growth, while delivering exceptional results in the short-term. We are delivering on every front, the 10% global revenue growth rate for Ag business in 2018 on a pro forma basis, much above the market, with a strong EBITDA margin close to 29%. We are flawlessly integrating the DuPont business and realizing early sales and cost synergies. We successfully completed the IPO of Livent in challenging market condition. Our SAP implementation is on track. Our cash flow is strengthening. We are paying down debt quickly and returning $200 million to our shareholders through a stock buyback. More importantly, we have a strategic plan firmly in place which leverages our core competencies, the strength of our current portfolio and our unique ability to develop short- to long-term technology. As I said before, our team is delivering on every front. I cannot wait to discuss the future of the company on December 3 with all of you. I will now turn the call back to Michael Wherley.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thanks, Chris. I appreciate the question. But as you can guess, really discussing technology in depth would require a lot of time, which we intend to do at Investor Day. We'll have our Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Technology Officer going deep into our technology capability. What I would say is we do have, with the combination of FMC and DuPont, the DuPont business we acquired, developed a capability which is quite unique. We do have now coming from DuPont a very strong discovery organization and ability to bring new molecules, new active ingredients, new mode of actions towards development stage. FMC is bringing a formulations technology which DuPont didn't have before, enhancing the value of those active ingredients which are being developed by DuPont. Third of all, FMC and DuPont have complementary capabilities in terms of technology development and field testing in each of the region of the world, allowing us testing, data gathering, but also the fast development of formulation for local requirements. So we will describe all of these, but technology and blend of short-term, mid-term, long-term technology will be a very key driver of FMC growth in the future.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Chris. Broad color and as Andrew said in his comment, we want to make cash deployment a very critical topic on Investor Day. You will start to see in 2019 a significant increase in the cash generated by the company and the real step-up will be in 2020. The reason for which 2019 will be a little bit less than the following years is because we'll still have SAP implementation cost and some integration cost. Then you have a real jump into 2020 all the way to 2023. If you look at the cash we will be generating, including the structural saving which will take place with the S/4HANA implementation, if you look at the capital spend, and we'll detail that, if we look at the cash before R&D because we want to make sure we fully fund R&D for growth, you're going to get to a place where we're going to have to change the way we are returning cash to shareholders. So we'll have very significant non-allocated cash for the next few years, which we intend to return, in most part, to shareholders through dividend and stock buyback. And we'll be discussing with you this unallocated part of cash, which you will see for the size of our company is a pretty significant number, how we are deciding to do that through the regular payment of dividends and what we will do through repetitive stock buyback.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Don. That's a regular situation you always face when you connect your pricing to currency. I think it's an important point you're making. As we said before, on the way up when the – sorry, when the currency goes down and we are increasing price, we have a lag. We're always behind by a few percentage points. When then the currency strengthen, the same thing is happening, then we become ahead of the game because we hold the price as long as we can to the previous currency. So, needless to say that while the currency was going up quite fast all the way to BRL 4 in Brazil, the fact that we're able to take to zero impact the currency on EBITDA in the third quarter made us feeling pretty strong about our ability to move price up. And now the job you have is, as the currency strengthen, is to try to hold on to your older price as long as you can, but you will have to bring it back closer to currency as it goes.
Pierre R. Brondeau: But you'll face a lag negative at the beginning on the currency weakening and positive when the currency is strengthening.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think the currency impact, if we project out our sales to 2019, to give you an order of magnitude, if tariffs stay around 10%, we believe it's going to be around a $10 million negative impact on EBITDA. If the tariffs move to a 25% range, it would be in the $30 million to $35 million impact on EBITDA. That would be if we are not successful at getting any exception. As you know, we are fighting for exemption to some of the critical raw materials of product. I cannot anticipate on how successful we will be in doing that, but the two numbers I gave to you would be the max impact.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And one additional comment around Europe and North America, we like to repeat that. So, third quarter is a low season, so don't forget that dollars change creates significant movement in percentage, when actually it is not that big of a change. So there is a bit of the fact we're occurring at a time that Europe is only 15% of the U.S. sales. So, not as big as the percentage might indicate it. There are no...
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think today we are growing – if you think about this year, the overall company will be growing about 9% in the business and that will due to the DuPont portfolio growing in the high-teens and maybe low-20% range, which is very fast. So, what is important for us, and we're spending a lot of time studying that, is to try to understand how much of this is very short-term synergies versus what is more sustainable synergy. We do not believe we're going to be growing the portfolio side despite (43:46-43:54)
Pierre R. Brondeau: Regarding China, I mean, from a business and size of the country itself, China is one of the top 10 country in the world, but this not where the issue is for us. One of the challenges I would say we have is the supply of active ingredients and raw material for FMC as well as for most of the other Ag chemical company comes from China. So there is always two issues we are facing. One is, is the cost; and more constraint on supply there is from China, the higher the risk of the cost going up. And the other one is because of environmental reason, shutdowns, which would prevent the supply of active ingredients or raw material. So the second one is always something we're watching because if the issue happen, there is not much we can do. We've been dealing quite well with that. We are well-structured with multiple qualified suppliers for most of our products. So we have to use the flexibility of the supply chain, but is something so far we have been able to manage and expect to be able to manage without shorter paying customers in the foreseeable future. The price is something which we'll have to address. Now I have to say the cost of raw material impact in 2018 is not very significant. Just because of the way accounting work, the increase of cost is pushed into the products which then are going into inventory, and you're impacted on the cost when you sell the product. So we are currently expecting raw material pricing not to be a very significant issue in 2018, but certainly something we're going to have to watch in 2019 and, for which, we're going to have to define a very well-thought through pricing strategy.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, Don. It's Mark. Receivables are in very good shape and especially in Brazil. I think you know that we spent a lot of time and effort over the last couple of years really getting the quality of our business back in shape after 2015. So we feel very strong about where we are. Collections have been very good. Past dues are down at the lowest level they've been for the last three to four years. We're obviously in the season now, so we'll see how things go. But for us, we're very confident about where our receivable levels are, and more importantly so, about where our past dues are heading.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, Dan. It's Mark. North America was stronger than we thought. We continued to do very well with the diamide acquisition, especially in California. I think we noted that on one of the slides. We saw it in other niche crops as well towards the end of the season. Now, of course, as Pierre said in his prepared remarks, it's a bit of a slow time in North America, so you don't need much movement to get significant percentages. I think we also saw good business with our selective herbicides based on two key molecules. We've launched some new products this year, and they've done very well going through the third quarter. So, think of the herbicide and the insecticide portfolio as doing better than we thought. Obviously, we're watching very carefully as we roll into the next season for the U.S., given where corn and soy projections are. Frankly, I think it's too early to tell where growers will go with this. We're watching it very closely. I think you do know that we have much more of an exposure to soy in the U.S. market than we do corn. Obviously, that's offset by a greater exposure in Brazil. And we know that Brazil are right in their planting season now which is going very well. We expect them to have roughly about a 3% increase in acreage for soy. So, for us, it's been a much of watch and see really. We're making sure that our supply chains are well-positioned to take any advantage of movements in the U.S. and, in particular, in Brazil. But right now, as I said, a bit too early to figure that one out.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, Steve. We're not in the seed treatment side, but we're very much in the in-furrow application of insecticides, especially for corn rootworm. We have also seen instances of increased infestation. We're well-positioned to take advantage of that as we go through the next season, not only with our branded product Capture LFR, which is a liquid fertilizer-ready in-furrow application, but with our new foam-applied technologies that we're introducing into the marketplace, which are much more sustainable in nature. And we'll talk more about that on Investor Day. But, yes, you're right, we are seeing instances and we're well-prepared for that with our portfolio as it stands today.
Mark A. Douglas: Well, yeah. I mean, obviously, we don't participate in the dicamba market directly, but we do have a market-leading position in pre-emergent herbicides for soy with our Authority brand. Obviously, if we can continue to grow that franchise, if there are issues with dicamba, we will certainly take that opportunity. However, I do have to say, a lot of the new technologies of the companies that are promoting those are also promoting the use of pre-emergent herbicides as well, of which as I said we're the market leader. So we will take advantage of that.
Mark A. Douglas: Sure. Thanks. So, yeah, as I was saying that over 50% of the growth of the diamide products are coming from Asia. So we see growth both in Asia, in Europe, North America, and in selected parts of Brazil and Latin America. When we get to Investor Day on December the 3rd, we'll be digging into more details around why we see these products continuing to grow, what is it that makes them special in terms of their performance versus other competitive chemistries. But we do see Cyazypyr in particular, which was a later launched product, as having very good growth opportunities especially on niche crops. So, rather than going through all the details today, we'll certainly address that at the Investor Day on December the 3rd.
