Paul W. Graves: Thank you, Pierre. I'll start with the tax rate and the non-controlling interest on the income statement, before I move on to the impact of currency cash flow and the balance sheet. So, first tax. Year-to-date, our adjusted effective tax rate is around 23.5%, which is slightly lower than we initially expected. This is driven by an increase in the contribution of earnings from our foreign entities compared to prior years. And while this trend is most apparent in Ag Solutions, we're actually seeing it in all of our businesses. We expect the adjusted effective rates to be in the 23% to 24% range for the fourth quarter. And looking into 2017, we expect that rate may fall by as much as 3 percentage points resulting in a full year adjusted effective tax rate closer to 21%. This further reduction is mainly the result of the operational integration of Cheminova, which will impact our supply chain and our earnings mix globally. Our noncontrolling interest line continues to shrink as part of the integration of Cheminova and taking advantage of opportunities to simplify the ownership structure of some of our international entities and are taking or have taken steps to consolidate ownership in places such as Argentina, China and Eastern Europe. Largely as a result of these steps, we expect the noncontrolling interest line to fall to approximately $5 million this year and remain near this level next year. Touching on currency, this quarter saw none of the rapid movements in major currencies that we saw last year. And, as a result, FX had a far smaller impact on our results. Across all businesses and regions, currency was a tailwind to earnings with a large favorable movement in Brazil, the biggest factor. The other major currencies for which FMC is exposed, namely the euro and the RMB, had no meaningful impact on our earnings in the quarter. For the year-to-date, the currency has been broadly neutral to earnings. Moving on to cash flow and slide 7. The first thing I want to point out is our increase in cash flow guidance for full year from a range of $450 million to $550 million to a range of $550 million to $600 million. The midpoint of this revised guidance reflects an increasing cash generation of almost 60% compared to 2015. Higher earnings, stronger working capital performance and tightened spending discipline will all contribute to the year-over-year increase and give us confidence that the higher level of cash generation we've seen through the first three quarters will continue through Q4. Underpinning our confidence in cash generation is our success in reducing our Brazil exposure. Through September, we collected over $500 million of receivables in Brazil, reducing the outstanding receivable balance by over $200 million. By the end of 2016, we expect to have collected over $700 million of outstanding receivables in Brazil alone. Equally importantly, a significant proportion of the collections are coming from those accounts that were past due at the start of the year, improving the quality of the remaining receivables balance. Our receivables balance in Brazil, however, remains higher than we believe it should be, and we expect to continue to reduce it over the coming seasons. Based on our current visibility, we believe that we have the ability to reduce the current balance by approximately $400 million. We will deliver this reduction over the next 18 months to 24 months. Our strong cash generation has helped us reduce our net debt by over $200 million so far this year, and we expect this to fall further by year-end. Combined with higher trailing EBITDA, our adjusted net debt-to-LTM EBITDA ratio will fall into the 2.5 times to 3 times range as we enter 2017. We will continue to manage our debt to a level consistent with our current credit rating. And looking into 2017, we expect that capital expenditure to remain similar to 2016 at or just ahead of depreciation, even allowing for our planned expansions in Lithium Hydroxide. We will continue to seek out opportunities to invest in technologies and products for our Ag Solutions business. And at an appropriate time, in 2017, we would expect to revisit our ability to engage in share repurchases while maintaining our other net debt, credit rating and investment objectives. And with that, I will turn the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. Again, to Pierre's point, it's difficult to be particularly satisfying to you with the answer without any real specifics. But I think it's fair to say, I think you've seen from our cash flow performance, we are generating a fair degree of cash right now. We're deleveraging quickly. Because we've bought products like this frequently in the past, one of the key characteristics is that they are typically very cash-generative from day one. And so, they can stand a pretty decent amount of leverage from day one. We also are very disciplined on price. Based on everything we see, we don't see any risk to our credit rating from a cash acquisition of any of the available interesting assets that are out there right now. Again, that could change depending on what assets come available. But we don't see any particular challenge to add our balance sheet based on the opportunities that are available that we see today.
Paul W. Graves: Yeah. I think you heard in my comments we talked probably still about $400 million of excess receivables sat on our balance sheet related to Brazil. And, we'd certainly expected to start to collect a significant proportion of those next year. So, given that, we would expect cash flow to continue to grow really similarly, like how it did this year. We'll generate higher EBITDA. We do not expect to have any meaningful cash outflows for CapEx over and above what we have today, and we expect to continue to decapitalize our balance sheet in Brazil. So, yes, I would expect cash flow to continue to grow next year just as strong as it's been this year.
Paul W. Graves: The one thing I'd just add to that I think having a stable macro-political environment and improved access to credit for the growers will be a positive if we see that start to happen as well.
Paul W. Graves: So, the first thing I would say though is when we look back at the position that find ourselves in, in Brazil, much of it is driven by some of the comments that Pierre talked about, about changing the way we approach the business. And instead of focusing on volume and volume growth and share growth focusing on getting the maximum value. An important part of that is assessing the quality of the customer and the quality of the products that we sell. We do not expect to be in a meaningfully different place in terms of terms, in terms of structure, in terms of credit that we extend to customers to either history or the rest of the market. But we will be much more and we are being much more disciplined about where we're willing to take exposure. It's really a function of multiple factors. It's a function of the movement in commodity prices, it's a function of the weaker access to credit for the growers down there in the market, and it is to an extent, a function of our ability to integrate the Cheminova portfolio and have a higher margin more technical portfolio really across all regions and all crops. So, it's more than one factor that's driving this move towards a stronger credit position with our customers down there.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And, Chris, remember that many of the products FMC was selling in Europe are registered today in places like France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Southern Europe, UK. We were just not benefiting from a very strong sales organization as we were working with a distribution network, which was mostly focused on Northern Europe. So, even without adding many registration, which we will, and we have new product coming, we just have to start to increase our face-to-face presence with the market is going to dramatically increase our immediate growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Just to repeat, Chris, I want to use your question to make sure that we are clear. But we are continuing with a – it's a different strategy but, really, we are not focused on volume at all today. I mean, what is very important for us today is pricing our technology where it should be priced, decreasing the level of our product in the channel, getting terms which are right and collecting. We believe the market is such that this is the right strategy which will make us much stronger when we get into a situation where the market turns around.
Pierre R. Brondeau: There is two things which are driving the remaining 40%. First of all, we believe, and we'll confirm that at the end of the fourth quarter, but we are believing that – we believe that we are in a situation in Brazil where the market will still be down in the 10% range year-on-year for the full year, so there is a market driver. There is also the fact that we are moving away from sales, not because of rationalization, but because of credit risks or term. We are very cautious in not selling for the sake of selling. We are selling when we know we can get no more terms for the region and we will be able to collect. So, as I said before, volume is not the priority. So, those are the three reasons. Sales, which are safe, with good terms, market which will decline and product rationalization, those are the three drivers.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think that if you look at when we made the acquisition of Cheminova, acquiring Cheminova would bring to us many benefit in term of creating more global business, a broader fungicide portfolio, a direct access to market in Europe and other benefits, more solid performance in – more solid market presence in India and Australia. But we also realized that the margins Cheminova was realizing were not at the level of what we're expecting, and we had a plan to bring those margins through cost saving, pricing and new product introductions to the historical level of FMC. And that's the road we are on. I have to say that despite the market condition, the year-end has – after closing on the Cheminova acquisition, we have brought back those margin to 20%, which is well in, for the fourth quarter, which is well in-line, even ahead of our schedule. We still have work to do. We still have – remember, we still have additional costs to extract from the business, from the acquisition in the next six months to nine months. So, we see that work. But we are well on our way to margin north of 20%. It is just integration of Cheminova, the pricing of the technology and the new product introduction but we are well on our roadway right now.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Mike, maybe to answer a little bit more your question, if you look at previous years, it is not an abnormal situation to see – you could see it maybe not to the same extent, but you can see it through the 2015 results, where you would see higher margin in Q4 than you would see in Q3. So, we realize over the year a 25% margin for the business, but we recognized that there is some seasonality to a margin in this business. So, there is not always a connection between a margin improvement you will see in Q4 and what you could realize in Q3.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And the big story once again for us, I mean, because of the strategic focus, because of the timing of where we are in contract negotiation and increasing capacity coming up next year, the big focus for us and where you're going to see the other contributor to earnings growth is lithium hydroxide.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. What we – we're expecting the mechanical completion of the plant. I had the pleasure actually to be there two weeks ago and see the plant's looking really good. We expect the mechanical completion of the plant in the fourth quarter this year. We're going to be able to start to have product coming out of the plant in the first quarter, and then we're going to start to answer the customer qualification of the product. So, we believe with the commercial situation where the products are produced by the plant by the expansion and qualified to the customer by the middle of the year. So, the 8,000-metric-ton capacity we have for next year should give to us a 4,000 additional tons of products into 2017 and the full 8,000 when we get into 2018.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We are in contact with any of the companies which are currently consolidating, and we are standing ready to participating in the purchase of any molecule – any of those company would be divesting if they meet our portfolio. I have to say that so far, we haven't seen anything which would be critical to our portfolio or any significant technology put on the market. But I think those companies are still in an early stage of the antitrust reviews. So, we are standing ready but haven't seen anything right now which has been attractive to us.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Omega-3 is, I would say, it is not getting worse, but it is not getting better. I think it's a challenging environment. Right now, we are focusing on actions for us to leverage some of our manufacturing capability and quality of product and especially the fact that we have, know we have made product which have very high quality and command a premium to try to improve our situation. But, frankly, at that stage, with the oversupply there is in this market and the number of players, the improvement you will see on Omega-3 will be driven by the work we do commercially and cost-wise more than us benefiting from the market. When we've announced the numbers for expected growth for the Health penetration (51:05) business next year, we are very, I would say, prudent around putting into those numbers any significant improvement in the Omega-3 market, which we do not see. So, it is a challenge. We are addressing it. I would say, right now, I have to admit we are more in damage control than expecting growth but that's the situation for Omega-3.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, I think, for me, there's a couple of things. First of all, on the macro level, obviously, if commodity prices start to come back, we're going to see expanded acres down in Brazil for a lot of the row crops. That's one factor. And, then the second factor is just the internal health of that business in the sense of where channel inventories are, pest pressures, the normal seasonal-to-seasonal activity in Ag. I think if you can get those things coming together, you're going to see somewhat of a rebound in the marketplace. But pest pressure is obviously, nobody knows where the pest pressures are going to lie. Commodity prices are going to take some change in overall yields in North America and Latin America. So, we've said what we feel the market will be next year. Those will be the two items in Brazil in particular and potentially Argentina that would change that picture.
Pierre R. Brondeau: That's a very good question and I'll tell you, it's a difficult one to answer. I believe that we have very solid positions in MCC, alginate and carrageenan. I do believe that we have the right formulation technology allowing us to meet the changing need of the market and the customers. And that's the business today, if you put Omega-3 aside, we have strong market share and we are the leading supplier and the place where customers go today when they have need for new product or new technology. So, I believe this is a business which will, for the next two, three years, continue to grow in the mid-single digit, as we said in the guidance, with very strong margin, 25%, and good cash generation. So, to answer your question, I'm quite confident around that business for the next two to three years. We do have interesting new ideas based on the current product we have for new technology for some of the changing market needs around health and other applications. The question for me is more three years and beyond. Really, where do we want to take that franchise? We have great product today. We have great margin and good cash generation. The first attempt to do that was Omega-3. I think we didn't do a good job there. The question is what we want that business to be, not in the next two, three years, but beyond that. So, to answer your question, yes, for the next two, three years. Beyond that, we need to do a lot of work to define the mid-term strategy for Health and Nutrition.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think, generally speaking, the crop chemical industries, as a whole, for us and all of our peer company is an industry which is in Latin America and Brazil which has been historically focused on growth and maybe a bit more open to taking risk to gain market share. And we were there with all of our competitors. I do think, today, we might have a strategy without fundamentally changing what we've done to be more careful for the foreseeable future. I think it's important, it's working for us and it's allowing to collect, to price our customers who want our product. So, we're going to be maybe on the lower end of the risk taking without fundamentally changing the way we look at our receivables.
Pierre R. Brondeau: The 8,000 ton is, when you say their capacity, it's not their – it's our capacity. I mean, this plant. If you talk about the expansion in China of this plant...
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think it's important in all of the discussions we have – we have this Nemaska agreement. We are in current discussions with some other suppliers of carbonate for partnership. But let's not forget that there is one aspect for which we have 100% of the decision. It is expanding in Argentina. We can expand in Argentina. We do have the mines. We do have the capability. We have the infrastructure. So, it is a decision we can make. I have to admit that I'm not in a rush to make that decision because with all of the companies today investing in lithium carbonate, I believe there will be plenty of lithium carbonate for the next two years, three years, four years. But this is a decision we can make at any time.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. This is going to start right now. I mean, we're going to see this capacity of carbonate coming in at some point during 2017, 2018. So, this is undertaken right now.
Pierre R. Brondeau: It is low capital and no more debottlenecking. The team has been working and we have, I think, three work streams which are allowing us to get to this kind of numbers, but it's more routine-capital expansion. I mean...
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. We're going to get into next year and then once again, it's a bit early for us to break down by quarter. We've given a directional number. But yes, the profile of the margins and the business is going to change versus historical FMC just because we have a very different regional profile. I mean, remember, we're very small in Europe. We going to be much bigger in Europe where there is good margin in our business. So, I would say that directionally, we should have less variation in our quarterly margins that we had in the past. Now, there is two things happening today, if, there is the market situation, there is a different approach we are taking to the Latin America market and there is the cost synergies, which are growing quarter after quarter. So, that is taking us to improve margin and taking us to the 20% range. But I would say in the future, you'll have more stable margin quarter-over-quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I would say, well, first, if you look at our business in 2017, we're expecting to be – and, Tom, correct me if I'm a bit off here, but I would say, almost 90% of our business revenues being on the specialty side, the downstream, and only 10% on the upstream, which is carbonate and fluoride. So, we're going to be even more dependent upon the downstream business. We are expecting, I would say, little benefit from carbonate, chloride pricing, knowing that it's only a small percentage of our business, and we believe this pricing is going to level off in 2017. So, you would consider the 40% improvement is going to mostly come from two things, pricing in lithium hydroxide and volume in lithium hydroxide. You will understand that I'm going to be a bit careful on what I'm expecting in term of lithium hydroxide price increase because we are in the middle of a bunch of contract negotiations. So, we will give you more detail around pricing when we get to the February earnings call because those negotiations will be behind us.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. So, of course, when you look at a supply of carbonate to seed growth, you want to be certain that you have the appropriate mix of new entrants and established players. So, we will not, having a strategy to supply carbonate into our business based only or mostly on new entrants in this market. Nemaska, we believe is one of the most solid today, with one of the best source of lithium, so we believe it's a fairly certain supply we're going to get from them but we will do two things. One is supply from existing suppliers and not to forget that some of them already supplying to us carbonate. And second of all, to repeat, we can also increase our own capacity of carbonate which is something, if we decide to do it, there will be a sure supply.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yes. Just to give a little more color to that, on the hydroxide, the contract negotiations are proceeding well and over the coming month, they should be all solid. We're progressing well through those. And on the carbonate, as most folks saw in the market, there was a little bit of softening in Q3 particularly in China. What we'll see going into next year is the smaller volume of carbonate that was locked in at lower prices, similar to the hydroxide, will come up, and we expect some softening on the top-end, so net-net we'll go into next year on those more opportunistic product lines kind of flat to slightly down.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yes. Dmitry, this is Tom. I can take that. Nemaska's installed capacity will be 28,000 tons. So, it will be a meaningful part of their capacity but it will not by any means be all of their capacity.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Well, with respect to that, as Pierre outlined in his comments, we've got a multi-prong strategy where we're continually evaluating, one, how do we diversify, have security of supply, low cost supply. So, we're not quite ready to announce the other pieces coming but there'll will be multiple components to that including our own investments in our facilities as well as working with others.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: And, Dmitry, just to give you a little more color on that, there's multiple components of that. So, there's some operational efficiency changes. There's some low-capital projects. There's a number of small projects that, over the course of 2017 and 2018, we'll add that.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: To add a little bit more color to that, you have to realize that most of our specialty business is contracted in the prior year. But, when we contracted a lot of that, it was before we saw how strong the pricing had moved across the market overall. So, there's a little bit of a catch up that's happening across all of the specialty products.
