Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Kim. Regarding our outlook for the full year 2011, we have raised the midpoint of the range versus our previous outlook and now expect adjusted earnings of $5.60 to $5.80 per diluted share, a 15% increase over 2010 at the midpoint of the range. Our Agricultural Products segment expect to achieve its eighth straight year of record earnings, up approximately 10% versus a year ago, driven by strong market conditions across most region and the contribution of new and recently introduced products, while increasing spending on growth initiatives and absorbing higher raw material cost.  As Michael outlined, Specialty Chemicals is expected to deliver its sixth straight year of record earnings, up approximately 10% led by the seventh straight year of record earnings in BioPolymer and enhanced by sales gain in Lithium Specialties, partially offset by increased spending on growth initiatives and higher raw material cost. In our Industrial Chemicals segment, we expect the highest earning growth, up approximately 30% driven by broad-based sales gain across soda ash and peroxygen and the continued favorable mix shift towards specialty peroxygen. Moving to our outlook for the third quarter of 2011. We expect adjusted earnings of $1.25 to $1.40 per diluted share, a 12% increase versus the year-ago quarter at the midpoint of the range. In Agricultural Products, we expect segment earnings to be leveled to the year ago, as growth in Latin America is offset by higher raw material costs, increased spending on target growth initiatives and lower North American sales due to less favorable weather conditions in the last year. In Specialty Chemicals, we project earnings to increase approximately 5% as higher volume and selling prices in BioPolymer and Lithium Specialties are partially offset by increased spending in growth initiative in BioPolymer, higher raw material costs and higher weather-related operating cost in our Argentina Lithium facility. In Industrial Chemicals, earnings are expected to be up approximately 30%, driven by higher selling prices in soda ash and peroxygen and the benefit of volume growth in soda ash export market. Based on our outlook for a 15% earnings growth for the full year and 12% earnings growth for the third quarter at the midpoints of their respective ranges, this is implying a very strong fourth quarter with earnings growth in excess of 20%. With the healthy demand we continue to see across our businesses, the diverse end markets we serve and our strength in a rapidly developing economy, we're comfortable with that fourth quarter outlook. With that, I thank you for your time and attention. I'll be happy to take your questions.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. Actually, let me take, if you don't mind, an opportunity to talk a bit about our full year and third quarter and fourth quarter because we actually feel quite strong about the way the year is unfolding and we feel quite strong about the demand or positioning for our product. First, the third quarter, as you know, we are guiding with an EPS about -- if you take the midpoint of our guidance, so about 12% versus last year. And there is certainly a number which could be viewed as slightly below what a company like ours could be delivering in such a quarter but there is some very well-defined event which will be over in this quarter. First, we were talking about soda ash. That business has 2 things which are happening. First of all, you know that every 5 or 6 quarters, we move the longwall where we are mining. Last year, it was in Q2. This year, it's in Q3. And Granger, as much as the startup costs are being done, last year, operating with full staffing on the ramp-up capacity, so we have the cost of a full plant, but we are not producing at full capacity yet. That is about a $7 million impact on the quarter versus normal operations. We've talked about the 2 snowstorms and the yield issues we have in Lithium, we believe it's going to be an impact of about $3 million in the third quarter and then the weather in North America for Ag business, and we qualify that versus a normal quarter at about $5 million. So you put all of those elements together, which are very well defined. You're talking about a $15 million impact on the quarter. If you would add that number to what we are forecasting as earnings, you would have a year-on-year earnings growth for the third quarter, which would be comfortably above the 20%. So now moving on to the fourth quarter. Obviously, it proved, sequentially, the long haul, it will be done; Granger will be operating at full capacity; lithium, the yield issues will be behind us; and from an Ag standpoint, we get into the Brazil season, which we have no reason not to believe will be another very strong season for us. So if you look at the fourth quarter, it is pretty much a quarter which is shaping normally for our 2 business, Specialty and Ag, and shaping very strong for industrial because the one-off we talked about will be over, Granger will be at capacity and we have a very strong price situation. So the year looks well on target, maybe with the distribution across the 2 quarters, which is not your regular distribution, but we are quite comfortable with this forecast.
Pierre Brondeau: Actually, let me just make a quick correction. I think Mark said low single digits for pricing. It's low double digits. That's what we see for the year. In the script, I think we talked about 12% or something like that, so that's the number, low double-digit. I think we are seeing growth today in multiple places. First of all, as a company, we're seeing the same kind of growth rate in most of our businesses as we were forecasting like in Ag chemical, but there is a few places where the demand is strengthening and the pricing is positive. So we do have today a very strong demand and above what we are expecting in our food BioPolymer business for MCC and especially in China and Asia for dairy product, hence, the reason for which we are looking today at bringing on a new grassroot capacity in China. So that is a part of the company which is looking stronger from a growth standpoint than what we're expecting. The other one is Lithium. On Lithium, the endpoint is still the same as what we were seeing by 2020, but we are seeing, especially in China, a faster adoption of lithium battery for some heavy vehicles and small motorcycle and we see more of an impact in 2013 to 2015 that we were seeing before, which is accelerating the need for us to increase our capacity. Peroxygen, we are very successful with our move toward more specialty and it's also a place where we do have opportunities in the oil and gas field or in the food field, we are seeing more growth opportunities. So that's one of the reasons for which we're looking maybe at enhancing our capital spending by $200 million to $400 million because of all of those segments where we are seeing opportunities beyond what we had in 2015 plan.
Pierre Brondeau: That's correct. We are more than increasing, I would say accelerating those -- our spending, which we would have to face at some point, but I think with the demand for MCC, the acceleration of the demand for Lithium and the robustness of our soda ash business, we are moving forward that spending. So from a spending rate standpoint, really $200 million to $400 million will be increased in between now and 2015 versus what we said at the last presentation of Vision 2015.
Pierre Brondeau: No, no. For the light vehicle, the passenger vehicle, we are still looking at significant change in demand by the 2016-2017 timeframe. I think there is a specific speed-up of the demand for the 2 types of vehicles I talked about, but that's the only place where we see a faster demand.
Pierre Brondeau: Sure. Let me talk about the 3 business groups and how it impacts the company as a whole. We are seeing raw material inflation in our Specialty business, mostly on the BioPolymer side, and on our Ag business on pet chem product but also other products. So there is cost inflation on raw material we had since the beginning of the year and accelerating a bit in the second half, but we do have more than 100% coverage of that raw material price increase with our own cost increase, with our own price increase. So there is no impact on earnings of our Specialty and Ag business with raw material because we are just covering with price. On the industrial side, that is a positive price growth situation. We have very low inflation on raw material cost on the ICG side. And if you look at the low double-digit pricing increase this year, that is from stating into a $40 million, almost all of it going to the bottom line.
Pierre Brondeau: Just one comment. 1% from North America, it's me who gave that number at the beginning of my script, maybe, but it was FMC-wide. So the entire company is up 1% in North America.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. Let me address that in the context of the total company. I think we are moving out of businesses where we are not competitive, which are not profitable, and that's the case of the percarbonate and that was the case of the phosphate business. Now we do have a growth strategy in Lithium, in BioPolymers and Ag. But we do also have a growth strategy in our Industrial Chemical. Now we all understand that the soda ash business is a supply-demand and cost situation. Now peroxygen is a very different story. Peroxygen, we are operating in a world where we are moving away from commodity into higher-margin specialty product in growing application, whether it's oil and gas, whether it's food application. Those are providing great opportunities for growth in the future. What is very critical for us to grow in the peroxygen is to have a global footprint for this business, so doing small acquisitions, which allow us to position a portfolio in growing segment in specialty high margin is very central to what we are planning to do.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. If you think the $15 million to $20 million for Newark with about 25% of it being spent this year.
Pierre Brondeau: And all in all, I mean we feel very good about the performance of the Ag business year-to-date, and we feel good in the fourth quarter and we have this third quarter where we rely more on North America with a better weather situation. But all in all, if you look on a full year basis, we're going to end up with a very strong year and the eighth year of record earnings for this business.
Pierre Brondeau: All right. Thank you very much, and thank you very much for staying with us beyond the time. We had a lot of things we wanted to share with you. We feel good about where we are. We feel strong about the rest of the year, and we hope you do too. Thank you very much, and we'll be in touch soon.
Mark Douglas: Kevin, this is Mark. With regards to China, we're seeing prices at very high levels for the domestic market well in excess of $300 a metric ton. That's increased over the last few months and indeed, the last couple of quarters, as we've watched a number of the input costs increase, certainly for energy. I think a lot of people are aware of the energy restrictions in China that's occurred over the summer period. That's made prices move higher, we've seen input cost in terms of labor and other raw materials. So we have seen that ramp-up continuing. We've also seen a ramp-up for both technologies that are used, the how process and the Solvay process. Obviously, they're very different in terms of their input costs and also output given one methodology gives you a product you can sell into the fertilizer industry. So overall, we see those prices remaining high. We don't quite know where they'll go in the future given that there is capacity coming on in China in the fourth quarter. But certainly, from an export standpoint, we've seen prices stay high, and as you know, ANSAC has been following that activity.
Mark Douglas: Mike, this is Mark. When you look at the world of soda ash, I think we have the world's lowest-cost facility in Wyoming, and that allows us to compete with synthetic soda ash primarily out of Asia. On the basis of the macro demand, flat glass, container glass, chemicals, detergents are all what drives soda ash. And as you can imagine, in rapidly developing economies, the overall consumption of soda ash is less compared to places like Western Europe and North America. So our export business is growing rapidly. That's where the Granger expansion is targeted, and quite frankly, we're competing very successfully against the synthetic producers. As I just said, their costs are increasing. So even with a demand on a macro level that may be choppy in some parts of the world, we are very, very confident that we'll be able to compete with synthetic producers anywhere in the world. Hence, the expansion of 500,000 tons, plus the next look for Granger, which will take us up to a potential 1.2 million tons, all of that targeted at the export markets.
Mark Douglas: Yes, pretty much so. I mean we had all the costs virtually in the second quarter. And now Granger, as Pierre said earlier, ramping up to full production.
Mark Douglas: Bill, this is Mark. When you look at our total export versus domestic, we're just above 50% in terms of our export volume versus domestic, and that will continue to increase a couple of percentage points as we go through the remainder of the period. But to 2015, it'll be obviously higher than it is today, somewhere in the 50% to 55%, 60% range. Most of that expansion, as I said earlier, will go into the export market. In terms of overall pricing, your second point, we had -- if you remember back to the first quarter and late last year, we said our prices would be up in the single digits, mid-single digits to high single digits in terms of dollars per ton. Right now, we're looking at low single digits in terms of dollars per ton right across every ton that we sell.
Mark Douglas: Dmitry, this is Mark. I'll try to answer both of your questions there. In terms of somebody else expanding in North America, actually it confirms where we're going in terms of the quality of natural soda ash out of the U.S. and our ability to compete. We see in what we would call "ANSAC land" in terms of the next few years, roughly about 2.5 million tons of growth that can absorb natural soda ash. So what we have moving now is 0.5 million up to 1.2 million if we approve the second stage of Granger by the end of 2014. So as far as we're concerned, it makes sense that somebody else would look to expand as well. It reaffirms our position in terms of the world market. In terms of your second piece, I have really no comments on Solvay. I mean you can tell by our growth and our ability to get pricing that ANSAC is a very powerful force in soda ash, and we're very happy with our position, so I really have no comment on Solvay.
Mark Douglas: Yes. No, demand is not down in North America. Demand is up in the very, very low single digits, but it's not down at this point.
W. Foster: Yes, two things, Kevin. One is that the way that if you looked at the daily net debt levels throughout the second quarter, you'd see that the real drop literally happened in the last few days of the quarter, which was predominantly associated with the credit terms that the Ag business has. So while there was a drop, it really was only a few -- it happened in a few days. In addition, we had some short-term borrowings in Brazil, which have a higher interest rate. We borrow from 3 separate sources there, but on average, the interest rates there are probably 300 to 400 basis points higher than the U.S. So it's a mixture of both of those things.
W. Foster: Peter, this is Kim. As far as 2011 go, and we're talking about the tax rate on adjusted earnings, we have guided that at 29%. We still believe it will stay at 29%, which is of course a mixture of higher domestic tax rates and lower foreign tax rates. As it relates to the future, now you're asking me to get into the mind of what's going on in Washington, D.C. and project what is going to happen from that perspective. What I can tell you from a modeling perspective is we looked out in Vision 2015, we assumed that we would be able to keep effective tax rate to about 29%.
W. Foster: Debt-to-market cap. Peter, I'll have to go back and think about that for a second. So what we are targeting, how we're targeting to maintain our net debt is we're targeting to continue to maintain strong credit rating in the same credit rating that we have today, which gives us a leverage ratio of about one. And as you look at the Vision 2015 projections and why we said we could add an additional $1 billion of cash to return to shareholders or for growth is we are projecting to maintain that targeted debt leverage ratio of one. So that's actually how we've been planning and that's what driving our stock buyback here in the third quarter.
W. Foster: Kim. Let me just, in a big picture way, and of course we disclosed this, we've spent a little short of $80 million in the first 6 months. And so when you think of $200 million, which is the forecast we gave for the full year, certainly, the majority therefore of that is backloaded and most of it is associated with the expansions that we've talked about, the Lithium expansion and the expansion at the studies we're doing at Granger and also the investment that we're doing in the Newark expansion. And let me turn it over to Michael to see if he'd like to add anything to that.
W. Foster: I believe the number that's forecast for the second half for the Newark expansion is somewhere in the neighborhood of $5 million in 2011 spending. Again, the prior expansion in Cork has been completed. It's completed at the end of the first quarter, so this is an expansion that will mostly take place during the course of 2012.
W. Foster: Mike, I think really the impacts are twofold, and they cover both areas they talked about. I mean the issues that we had during the second quarter from the heavy precipitation, and let me just put that in context, we've had more rainfall year-to-date in Argentina at the Salar than we normally have on an annual basis so, and it was compounded in the form, at least in 2 significant storms, that happened late, there were snowstorms that happened late in the second quarter. So the primary issues have been logistics-oriented from a standpoint that it's washed out roads, there's been road blockages occurring both between Pocitos in Argentina and the Salar and also for the route across the Andes to get product and to get raw materials and supplies from Antofagasta in Chile. So because of that, we did have lower efficiency, lower production during the second quarter. That kind of puts us behind the 8 ball, given the fact that we've been capacity constrained throughout the year anyway. So we think most of those issues are behind us with the weather. The supply lines are now open. We don't expect the ongoing logistics costs. But however, in order to maintain production in the second quarter, we pulled down the brine levels in the ponds fairly significantly, and we have to give the brine time to recover both in terms of solar evaporation. And then compounding that was the fact that the additional precipitation then dilutes the concentration of lithium in the brines, so you have a bit yet longer in order to get it concentrated to the usable concentration. So that's really the impact that we anticipate in the third quarter. The good news is, is that the demand is very strong, so as we get those brines to the right concentrations, we will process them and we fully expect to make up the volume then in the fourth quarter. And that's why I referenced the fact that effectively, this has an earnings shift effect of earnings from the third quarter to the fourth quarter.
W. Foster: I don't think it's absolutely necessarily given our supply-demand situation and the tightness of supply. Clearly, SQM is the large global leader in lithium carbonate. Their actions are relevant in the marketplace. But again, I think that's muted by the supply-demand situation. And just to provide a little detail for those, I mean, I think it was in June we announced the price increase in lithium carbonate as well as the other primary salts. In lithium carbonate, it was 20%, in the other salts, it ranged between 15% and 25%. And then yesterday, we announced a price increase in downstream products, including butyllithium, which in the neighborhood of 8%.
