Paul W. Graves: Thanks, Pierre. Let me start with cash flow. For the year-to-date, net cash provided by operating activities was $235 million compared to $381 million at the same point last year. The biggest factor driving this lower performance is the Agricultural Solutions business, where we've seen different quarterly patterns of sales and collections all year. This was especially the case in the third quarter this year, where growers in Brazil elected to retain possession of their harvested crops rather than sell at the lower prices. And they were aggressively managing the payments to their own suppliers accordingly. We expect to generate approximately $350 million of cash from operations for the full year, slightly below last year, again, due to different patterns of business in Agricultural Solutions. The outcome of the full year will largely be driven by our receivables collection performance in Brazil, as well as the pattern of ordering, including prepayments we receive and rebates we pay in North America. We are in very close and frequent dialogue with all of our customers, and we manage our exposure to each one very carefully. Despite the increased accounts receivable balance, we do not believe that there's been any meaningful deterioration of credit quality of our customer base. Currency movements had very little impact on our revenue or earnings in the quarter. Although we continue to see some swings in exchange rates, movements in individual currencies largely offset each other or our exposures were hedged. However, we did see currency movements impact our tax rate in the quarter. Our underlying tax rate remains in the 25% to 26% range. However, the revaluation of certain monetary assets in Brazil and Norway created a buck [ph] credit of $5 million to our tax charge, leading to a reported rate closer to 22.5%. This did not impact our cash tax liability. We continue to expect that our underlying tax rate will remain in the 25% to 26% range for adjusted earnings for the full year, excluding the impact from these discrete items. Starting in this quarter, we will provide additional disclosures to our adjusted tax rate in our 10-Q, showing these discrete items separately. We funded approximately $53 million in capital additions during the quarter, which was primarily associated with the ongoing construction of the Thailand MCC facility and the gas pipeline in Argentina. We anticipate full year capital additions will be between $240 million and $270 million. This is lower than we previously forecast due to a combination of timing, with some projects being deferred until 2015 or later, and increased discipline around our capital spending in the current environment. In the quarter, we incurred approximately $15 million of legal and professional fees associated with the acquisition of Cheminova and the divestiture of Alkali. We also took out a series of forward currency contracts to hedge our exposure to Danish kroner as a result of the Cheminova acquisition. Finally, let me note that just after the quarter closed, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 6.25% interest in FMC Wyoming. We made total payments of approximately $95 million to acquire this interest. Also after the quarter closed, in connection with the acquisition of Cheminova, we entered into a commitment for a term loan up to $2 billion and extended our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility out to October 2019. With that, I will now turn the call back to Pierre to summarize and to give an update on both the Cheminova acquisition and the Alkali Chemicals sale process.
Paul W. Graves: The biggest factor is, by a distance, working capital, and it's largely driven by -- if you look back historically, we've grown our receivables in the major market in Brazil, double digit each year, in line with how the sales in some -- in that market has grown. And what we've seen this year, that's being compounded a little by slower collection rates. You can take a glance at that balance sheet and see how the accounts receivables have expanded, certainly, in advance and greater than the revenue has. So that, by far, is the single biggest factor that drives that delta between the EBITDA number and the cash conversion number.
Paul W. Graves: Let me take a stab at those questions. I think, first of all, in terms of the purchase of the FMC Wyoming stake, we had a long-term relationship with the holder of that stake, Sumitomo, and various contractual rights and commitments on both parties' side, which shaped, in some regard, the way we structured the buyout and the valuation of that buyout. It was a negotiated deal, as you can imagine. Removing a 6.25% minority holder so that we could actually have full control and pursue what we needed to with regard to ownership of that asset was valuable to us. There was a bunch of, without getting into the details, payments that were historical dividend catch-up, and there were some payments that were to take them out. But it was a base valuation that we negotiated with the other side rather than anything mechanical I can necessarily share with you. In terms of 2015 and the dilution impact we've talked about, our assumption and our method has always been to assume -- to forecast 2015 as broadly being in line with 2014. We don't have anything particularly large and major that we can point to today that would suggest 2015 is going to be significantly different based on contracted prices or anything else. And so it remains our best estimate as to the likely performance for 2015. And I think we remain committed to a sale of that business. We think it's going to be a very attractive business to a number of buyers. We think it's a business that certainly doesn't form a long-term part of FMC into the future as we close on Cheminova. And we think it's the prudent thing to do with regard to our balance sheet. We've talked many times about the importance of having a strong and flexible balance sheet as we operate in the Ag business. As Pierre pointed out, over half of our Ag business is in Latin America, and they have very different working capital terms down there. We think a strong balance sheet is really important to our business, and so we remain very committed to selling it.
Pierre R. Brondeau: For the fourth quarter, we expect to deliver adjusted earnings of $0.95 to $1.05 per diluted share. For the full year, we expect adjusted earnings to be between $3.85 and $3.95 per diluted share. The challenging environment in the agricultural markets we are seeing today does not diminish our excitement about the mid- and long-term prospects for our business. Agricultural Solutions, with its focus on innovation and technology and its ongoing investment in market access initiative, continues to outperform the crop protection industry. The acquisition of Cheminova further strengthened our business, providing greater balance to our portfolio, a broader geographic reach and increased scale in areas such as research and development. We remain on track to close the acquisition in the early part of 2015. As we previously said, we are targeting delivering synergies of approximately $100 million to $130 million by the third year, and we expect that the majority of the actions needed to deliver these synergies will be completed in the first 2 years. With regard to Alkali Chemicals, as you can see, the business continues to perform well. We are on track to launch the sale process in the coming days, and based upon feedback so far, we expect a lot of interest. It remains our intention to announce the results of the sale process in the first half of 2015. Now I will turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Let me maybe take that opportunity to give you at least the FMC view of the market going into 2015 and what we are seeing, then I will tell you the -- what kind of growth rate we could expect when we talk about profitability. So first, let me talk with our biggest region, Latin America, and mostly Brazil. If we look at Brazil from an overall acreage and crop protection chemicals, I would say, for us, it's a market which will be overall flat to flat to slightly up. We see soybean flat to slightly up, the same for corn and the same for sugarcane, and maybe the place where we see the biggest challenge could be cotton getting into next year. So overall, that would be for us the region which will be the fastest growing, even if it's a bit sluggish compared to some other year. North America, as an overall region, whether it's acreage or crop protection chemical, we see a market overall which is down single digit. We see soybean being quite good with the shift from corn into soybean. And soybean acreage and crop protection chemicals being up in the low- to mid-single-digit percent. Corn being down in acreage and down to flattish for the crop chemical market. Cotton, as in Brazil, we see cotton being a down market next year. So overall, a slightly down single-digit market for North America. Europe, we also see a flattish type of a market, maybe oilseed rape will be flat to up. It's a very important -- to start the year. It's a very important crop over there, but overall, a flattish market. Where we see Asia, up in the single digit. It's a fragmented region. It's always a more difficult region to forecast. But we could see Asia providing growth. So if you look at the overall market, acreage and crop protection chemicals, following the acreage, 2 regions will bring a flat to low single-digit growth, that would be Brazil, Latin America and Asia; and 2 regions will be flat to down single digit, that would be North America and Europe. That results in -- would be in 2015 being a flattish market for -- flattish market, very low single digit overall worldwide. Now if I look at FMC and how can we perform in a market like this, I strongly believe that we will continue to outperform like we've done in previous years. And I would say, like we have done this year, I think if you look quarter-to-quarter, the performance of our business is still very far from our expectation. But if you forget about our expectation and put the performance of our business against other crop chemical competitors, we are doing quite well. So if I look into next year, 2015, what kind of growth could we expect? I think there is 4 very significant drivers for us of growth above market. First, we still believe that our business model, speed of product development, formulation technology, decentralized model and very flexible model, will allow us to keep on growing above the market like we've done in the previous year. We're also going to see the start of the revenue synergies with the Cheminova acquisition, I would say most likely in the second half of the year, and Latin America, Brazil will be the first place where we will see those synergies. I believe our new product, new technology and low market share, we will continue, as we have done this year, to gain market share in soybean and -- soybeans and corn. And last, very importantly, even if it is not at the level of what we've seen in the past, we still believe that Brazil and Latin America will be the fastest-growing region. And remember, this is where we have more than half of our business. So you put those 4 factors together in an overall market worldwide, which will be flat to up low single digit, I think we could outperform the market somewhere between 300 basis points to 500 basis points. That would be the forecast that we'll do. From a margin, I think this year, we've seen a dilution of margin, mostly due to the first half of the year, where you remember we had sales of a third-party product beyond what we were expecting. But today, we are looking at margin for the fourth quarter, which will be very much in line with what we had in previous quarter. For the third quarter, we are very slightly under last year performance, but it's mostly a balance, North America and Brazil, which is not the same as we had in previous year. Remember, North America is our highest-margin region. So nothing here which is fundamental problem with the business. So we should be able to see the margin growing at the same speed as our top line, plus cost synergies we will be generating from the acquisition of Cheminova.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, I mean, as -- all of the information we have at this stage -- and remember, it's not closed, so we are still competing with Cheminova. But all of the information we have from the due diligence process, everything is telling us that the expectation to start in the high single digit is here. They have been maintaining and they are very highly focused on protecting their margin. And then we do have, as I've outlined before, multiple actions we are expecting to take place to bring their margin to the high single digits. Just to repeat myself, I think the first situation, the first opportunity we have are on cost synergies. Just on cost, not talking about revenue synergies, we're going to able to see the margin growing from the high single digit to the mid-double digit, around the 15%, and that is just by acting on the cost synergies. Then there is pricing for right technology. I think they do have some very interesting technology, which blended with ours, is going to allow us to put on the market some very interesting product, which will allow us to have new technology. And the mix is always favorable to us, and then revenue synergies in the right applications. So we've got all of those numbers outlined. And I believe we're going to get, in the next 2 to 3 years, we're going to bring the high single digit to the 17%, 18%, 19% range.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So in summary, omega, not a big problem, expected, new market, new technology. MCC, we really want to stay very close to the action to understand the fundamental reasons for the slowdown.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. So let me give to you a little bit the dynamic, and, Ed, please jump in. But I think if you look at overall Minerals, it is going to be a quarter which will be flat year-on-year. And if you exclude the shutdown of the plant we have, it will be about the same profitability sequentially from the third quarter. So we believe, year-on-year, we're going to be up mid-single digits versus a year ago, and we are very strong here in the second quarter. But the second quarter, I must say, was -- the business has been operating very, very well. It was almost flawless operation, pricing was good. Plant operation was good in both businesses. But it was a fairly easy comp, if you look from a year ago when we had multiple issues. So the 30-plus-percent growth in earnings for the business in Q3 is not completely representative of what we're expecting as being a regular growth in earnings for that business. I think the business continues to operate well. We believe it's going to be operating the same way in the fourth quarter as it did in the third quarter, but I think we're going to be against a much stronger quarter last year. But there is no fundamental change around pricing, operation of the plant. We have the turnaround in the middle, but there is no fundamental changes going into Q4 from Q3, it's about the same performance. The comp was easier in Q3 than it is in Q4. And if you look at our numbers last year, Q3 was by far the weakest quarter we had in Minerals.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We are looking -- it's still very early in the process. We close those contracts throughout November, December. But I would say, today, there is not, looking at the growth, a lot of room. So it is a low single-digit potential increase in pricing.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And one additional thing, Frank. You are correct, I mean, the sugarcane situation in Brazil is complicated because on one side, there is low production, which is due to the drought situation, but there is also because of the cap on oil pricing and -- which creates a limitation on the ethanol pricing. There is, actually despite the low production, it's one of the product -- we are following very closely what is called the stock-to-use, which is a very important ratio in terms of understanding how much inventory is building up. And today, if you look in Brazil, sugarcane is one of the place where there is the highest stock-to-use ratio. So despite the low production, because of the issue on the ethanol side, there is a very high stock-to-use. Now as Mark said, so we are taking the approach that in the short term, because there was not a change in regime, the government is the same, same president, same government, we are not forecasting a change in term of freeing the pricing at the pump. If such an action would take, it could definitely change that picture, but we cannot anticipate that. So assuming price of ethanol keep the same limitation, because of the size of the stock-to-use, right now, we are forecasting a flattish market in Brazil.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right. So just to conclude, let me give a few words to conclude the call. We understand that the performance of the company is not at the level of our expectation because we're operating under difficult market conditions in our core segment. Nevertheless, within the context of the market we have today, we believe we continue, especially in our Ag business, and to some extent, in our Health and Nutrition business, to perform above competition. From a transformation standpoint, we feel now we are at the right place. The Alkali business is generating a lot of interest, so we should have a pretty smooth and competitive process. Cheminova, we have no concern. We are still feeling very strong that it was the appropriate move for us in our journey to building a very strong Ag, Health and Nutrition company. The company next year will be larger, simpler, more focused. We do expect to continue to deliver strong results with a highly predictable Health and Nutrition business. And definitely, as I said before, we are definitely expecting, for all the reasons I've been stating, to outperform the Ag market. So we are in the process of a transformation. We know that first quarter, we'll see a lot of movement. We do expect to have much more clarity as soon as the acquisition is closed and the sale of the Alkali business is done. And that should lead us to a very solid year for 2015, within the context, once again, of the markets we're operating in. But I certainly expect a strong year, above market condition for our company. As soon as we have clarity, which mean we have signed on Alkali and we have closed on Cheminova, we will bring investors and analysts together with us and give you a full picture. We will go through our regular Vision 2020 exercise. We will do it a bit differently this year, I think, because of all the moving parts. We'll give you a much more granular view on '15, '16 and '17, and then a strategic direction for 2020. But I think it will be important for us to state the shorter term, '15, '16 and '17 in a much more precise way because of all the moving parts. So thank you very much for your attention, and we'll be in touch. Thanks.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Mike, it's Mark here. I'll take that one. From a North America perspective, I would say it's a mixed bag in terms of what we see for channel inventories. Given the conditions we saw earlier in the year, given the extreme cold and what happened with soil insecticides for the corn space, I would say we're going into next year with elevated channel inventories in that space. So that's something that we're watching very carefully. I would say on the opposite end of the spectrum, we had a very good year with our pre-herbicides on soy, our Authority brands. I would say we're going into next year with normal or even low inventories in certain parts of the country in the channel, so that bodes well for 2015 on our soy herbicides business. Looking down in Brazil, clearly, what we saw going through the third quarter was grower intentions changing in terms of timing, given what they saw with commodity prices and certainly, the weather aspects in Mato Grosso and in São Paulo state. I would say, going into the season now, channel inventories are high. Obviously, we're waiting for the rains to come. They're supposed to come in the next week or so. Once that happens, things will start to free up, but it's definitely delayed. And I would say, yes, channel inventories are elevated in Brazil. Not necessarily so in Argentina, by the way, probably the opposite there, where we're seeing good need for our pre-herbicides once again. Problem is -- there is getting the import materials through the borders.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, good question, Kevin. I would say, with the pre-herbicides for us, Sulfentrazone is our big molecule both in Argentina, growing in Brazil and in North America. It's probably in the 65% to 70% range in terms of selective herbicides. So it's a big market for us, a big molecule, continue to see that weed resistance grow in North America. As I said, we're starting to see it in Brazil now. We're ideally placed to see that suite of products grow. And we're adding to both the pre- and the post-herbicides as we continue our innovation development.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes. I'd have to get -- I'll get with Alisha and come back to you on that exact cut, Kevin. It is the majority, but the exact percentage, I don't have right now in front of me.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Frank, it's Mark. You're right, we've suffered through a couple of years of pretty major declines in terms of that industry's profitability and then hence, the inputs. I think we're just taking a prudent course of action here. We've been hit not only by commodity prices in terms of the world sugar price, but also ethanol caps in Brazil, they've impacted the industry. And not to forget that perhaps even bigger than that is the weather impacts, and predicting weather, as you know, is not easy. So I think we're just taking a cautious approach to sugarcane. We've had 2 years of very, very difficult conditions, and we're forecasting that to roll into early part of next year. Of course, that could change, but I think this is just the best course of action.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Sandy, let me take the first one. On the soy complex for us, free herbicides are very important, but we also have a mix of both fungicides down in Brazil, as well as insecticides. I would say, when you look at our overall EBIT margins, soy is right at the average of all of our product range. So it doesn't skew it up or down. It puts us basically in our 20% range. So it's a key contributor to the portfolio, but it's not just any one product, there is a whole suite there. To answer your second question on the new traits that are coming through, yes, obviously, we're watching this very closely in terms of the EPA authorization and what a lot of people are looking at in terms of how that will impact the soy market. Like a lot of genetics, when they come in, you do see a decrease in terms of chemistry. But then depending on how resistance builds, the chemistry comes back. So yes, I think there will be an impact. But I think one thing that's very important for people to remember is, we still have market share to gain in many parts of the world. So for us, the soy complex is something we're still focused on with new technology we're bringing to market. So despite genetics coming in with different traits, we believe it's still a very attractive space to us as we develop new alternatives.
