Pierre R. Brondeau: We continue to have a strategy of intentional fragmentation, and I think it plays quite well for us when there is fluctuation in prices of certain commodities.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So Kevin, thanks for your question. Let me try to -- I gave you 2 numbers. Let's look first historical performance versus going forward. Roughly, if you take into account the share split we went in the last 4 years from about slightly over $2 per share, so -- to close to $4 per share, $3.80. And if you remove Peroxygens on the both end, we doubled in 4 years the earnings per share. So what we have to do in 2 years, which is increasing by 50%, is about in line with the average growth rate we had over the last 4 years. I have to say that we do feel pretty confident in where we are. I think we have the company today where we want it to be. We have finally, at this point, the right structure with the focus on the segment where we are advantaged, the right portfolio and 3 very solid business models. So if you go into 2015, let me give you the high level bridge to get to this $5.75 to $6.25. Think about Ag Solutions, we've been growing earnings over the last 4 years close to 20 -- operating earnings, close to 20% per year. Today, if you look at our portfolio, the new technology which are coming on the pipeline, the strength in Brazil, we do not see any reason for a slowdown in the growth rates in Ag Solutions. So when you look at the operating earnings of Ag chemical, which are north of $500 million, and you apply the 20%, that gives you an idea of impact on earnings per share. If you look at Health and Nutrition, we believe we're going start to see the momentum in 2014 increasing in terms of earnings growth. Today, we've not been able to leverage. We did in 3 and 4 years ago, but that's 2 years we've been investing a lot in R&D, in acquisition, in integration for this business, so we've not been able to translate the top line growth into earning growth. But if you think about new plant coming on stream, the new portfolio, we do believe we're going to start to see the core business growing in the low teens. And you add to that the comment made by Paul about Epax adding in operating earnings, what we will be losing from Peroxygens. Think about Minerals now, the third segment. And once again, we have uncertainty around the timing, but just to frame the numbers. There is, today, a gap of about $40 per share in between the North American pricing and the export pricing. Think about the fact that every $10 of price increase represent about $20 million of EBIT. So that gives you a sense of the potential of EBIT growth in this business. If we go back to an historical situation, which should be the case, there is no reason for that to be different where export pricing are in line with domestic pricing. We don't know when and how, but potentially, you do have this $80 million to $90 million of EBIT in price balance between Asia and North America in terms of increase. So if you take those calculations and just total that and then add to this that we're going to have 2, most likely 2 positive impacts, we believe tax rate going forward will be lower, stock buyback will impact and we'll have higher interest, you very quickly get into this range of $2 of EPS growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, we don't. We will most likely -- if we do further acquisition, what would guiding us will be making acquisition of the type of the one we did in Epax because from a product portfolio, it fits very well our growth. But impact will be seen mostly beyond 2015. So it's going to be much more acquisition done to improve and keep on growing our portfolio rather than being used to meet our 2015 targets.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We are being very, very prudent today. Let me tell you the facts we are seeing. I would be completely candid here and tell you that we still have some difficulties to translate the facts we are seeing with the timing of the recovery. We have no doubt that the pricing is turning around. We've seen sequential improvements over the last couple of quarters, and we are forecasting sequential improvements, especially in Asia, going in the next 2 quarters. It's more difficult to see when we'll go to a more normalized situation. We've decided to be prudent in this forecast and not to plan to go back to a normalized situation in 2013, believing it will happen in early 2014, but we have not precisely defined that. What are we seeing? First of all, you've heard Solvay has been shutting down facilities which were non-economical in Europe, as well as shutdown of capacity in Australia. We also are seeing now significant shutdowns taking place in China, other shutdowns which are extended from maintenance plant or of a less economical plant. So we are seeing today a situation where the demand and the supply directionally are starting to tighten. We believe Chinese producers are still selling below their cash costs, but we believe they are starting to retract from exports. So all the facts today are pointing toward a situation which would be going back to normal, but the speed at which we're going to go back normal will also be impacted by the speed at which the key market for soda ash appreciation will be growing in China and in Asia, and we see there some question marks. So today, more by being prudent than by great science, we have decided to be careful for the next 6 months as we don't see exactly the timing and believe it will be happening at this stage some time beginning of 2014, but we have not precisely defined when.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Yes, that's correct, Frank. We believe sometime in the next 6 months, 9 months is when we will see the demand picking up as much as the demand picking up is with the growth, the supply/demand being balanced. So it's a blend of demand, together with a capacity shutdown. And the 2 together should bring an equilibrium situation where we would rebalance back to more of an historical level. So 6 to 9 months would be something I would say is within the range.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, we do. We -- the key reason is our ability now to run the plants. We had multiple weeks where we have been able to run the plants and to run the separation column at the higher capacity. Remember before the days when we started to make an expansion, we are producing at a daily rate of about 9.5 tons per day, and today, we are around the 12 tons per day production rate. And we've been able to do that on a very regular basis for a long period of time. So we're going to use the shutdown during the month of August to do the final engineering changes. And the plant should be up and running toward the end of August, definitely, 1st week of September, and produce for the next 4 months at full capacity. We have all of the evidence. We do -- I do receive personally 2 weekly reports on the status, and we feel very strong about the fact that we have the technical solutions and the engineering to run the plant at full capacity starting September 1.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We have a -- I'd say we -- now that we have broadened the way we want to participate into this market, we do believe there is a healthy pipeline of companies of that type, or smaller or slightly bigger or divisions of companies. So we are doing our homework now. That being said, you know the way FMC operates. We're going to first digest this one, successfully integrate it before we look forward for the next one. And we're going to keep moving forward in acquisition, but avoid to run 2 or 3 at the same time. But yes, there is a healthy pipeline of opportunities which fit quite well our portfolio. And I would say, it's a nice range for me of cost versus sales, which is bringing as well as the speed of accretion. I think that's the kind of acquisition we would like to make.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right, that's a good question. So let me start with BioColors. BioColors, we actually bought 2 regional players, 1 in Latin America and 1 in England. Those 2 companies together give us the base manufacturing and technology we need at this stage to grow in this market. What we are doing at this stage and what the Health and Nutrition organization is doing is creating plants, smaller plants, dilution plants which will be positioned in the key markets, and we currently have in place the capital investment. So we're going to be building expansion in North America and in Asia to be able to supply these markets from the businesses we've bought. So we are following the plan as we announced it, which is using the 2 acquisitions we have made, supplemented by capital expansions, which have been approved now, and moving forward to expand into other regions with dilution plant. So this one is well on its way, and most of the spending will be done through capital spending. Pectin is much earlier. We are still at a stage where we are operating the plants in Sicily. We are learning the process. We are also developing new product, new technology to try to penetrate the high-end pectin market. So I would say versus natural colors, we are at a much earlier stage. I think we're going to have to decide how and when we'll expand. These plants by itself will not allow us to make -- to be a major player in pectin, we will have to expand with another sizable plant, that decision has not been made. I think we still are in the early phase of our development in the pectin business. Omega-3 is quite different. By buying Epax, we do buy 2 plants which have significant capacity possibilities. And we are going to be leveraging our sales organization to promote further those products. So here, it's a much bigger play already. It's bigger than pectin, it's bigger than natural colors together with the possibility of leverage the 2 plants we have acquired for the acquisition of Epax through our current sales force.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Peter, I -- let's talk about 2015 in terms of my confidence in where the company is going. I know that the confidence is today for '14 and '15 is below our target number. But I tell you, I like where we are today. I like where the company is positioned. I believe we have a very well-structured company. We're much better than where we were at the beginning of the year. I believe we're going to have significant tailwind getting into 2014. And if I look at the numbers we are capable of delivering in a period where we have not only challenges but where we have the major decision, which was not obvious if you look at the EPS impact to remove Peroxygens, we're still delivering very strong results. And almost every single business is going to get into 2014, 2015 with tailwinds either because of market or because of acquisitions or because of technology or because of increased capacity. So yes, if I look at our objectives, the one we declared for ourselves in 2010 when we started this process and where I am right now in the second part of the year, I feel very strong about 2014 and 2015 and actually like where we are. Maybe it's kind of like -- maybe it's going to sound strange, but maybe it's the first quarter where I'm lowering the year target and maybe that the strongest I've ever felt since I've been at FMC with what we have in front of us.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you very much, Peter, for your comment. I never talk about what the others are doing because I want to take all of the credit. But no, seriously, yes, we do have a great team. And let me say a couple of words about what you've said because I think there is -- you made an important statement. This company has been growing over the last couple of years through tremendous changes. We do believe we're going to have a state-of-the-art procurement organization today, and it's only the beginning of the savings. If you look, we are only addressing partially our spending and generating significant savings. Our supply chain has improved across the company, and in Manufacturing Excellence, and we see it in soda ash today already, this 10% capacity increase, finding a plant within the plant with minimum capital investment is working. And I can tell you we're going to see some significant impact going in 2015. I think, Paul, today is also undertaking something which -- and you've seen the cost and the corporate cost increasing, that's mostly where it's coming from. Paul is undertaking right now a very significant change in our finance organization. That will lead to significant savings and a stronger organization as we grow. We believe that what he's doing, we will be able to run a much larger company with the same organization we have today and decrease our spending as a percent of sales. And last, I'd like to say the team has put in place tremendous organization today in Latin America, in Asia and mostly in China, to grow further. So I mean, your comment is welcome, and yes, we've made some -- I feel good because we made some great progress across the company from an operational standpoint.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Dmitry, I think what we're going to be able to get here is about what we'll be able to get when we implement the same program. But I would say, today, we produce somewhere around -- last year, we produced around 3.6 million, 3.7 million tons per year in the plant. And we are expecting Manufacturing Excellence, between the ramp of this year and through next year, about 10%. So we could expect 300,000 to 400,000 tons additional versus where we were last year. This is why when I bridged to 2015 number and vision, think about the $40 per ton I talked to you about and think about an additional 300,000 tons of production, that's what I was talking about.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you very much. So let me now close. I think to conclude, 2013 is shaping up to be quite a year of change, but we see our company emerging in a stronger position than when we started the year. Ag Solutions and Health and Nutrition will each deliver another record year of operating profit. Minerals will finish a turnaround in Lithium operations and continue recovery in export pricing. We will integrate our Epax acquisition and complete the Peroxygens divestiture. As I said before, we like where we are today. And we will be very well-positioned to start strong in 2014, with a structural focus on our core competencies and advantaged business. We remain firmly on track to meet or exceed our Vision 2015 targets. We're executing a growth strategy across the enterprise, pursuing the right opportunity to expand our portfolio and delivering premium shareholder return. Thank you very much for your time and your attention.
Paul W. Graves: Sure, happy to do that. Clearly, this is a business that is going to replace a significant chunk of the Peroxygens operating profit in '14 and '15. And certainly, by the time we get through the 2015 process, we would expect that really the entirety of the lost Peroxygens operating profit will be replaced by operating profit in this business. So very quickly, it gets us to operating profit neutrality. In terms of the cost of financing of this acquisition, it was a cash acquisition. We have a -- it's an interesting dynamic as to financing today. We have a bank and a long-term cost of financing that's in the 3.5% to 4% range. And also have a recently launched commercial paper program, which, as you know, short-term rates are extremely low. So we certainly are getting a benefit from the lower financing rates, and certainly, in the short-term, we will be funding this acquisition, along with the commercial paper. I would take probably that 3.5% to 4% range, though, as the more appropriate long-term cost of interest for which to calculate the EPS accretion in the future.
Paul W. Graves: It is, it is. We had delivered about 80% of the expected shares on day 1, so that's the number that we've referenced, and obviously we'll -- the counterparty, the bank that we've engaged with to do this has flexibility as to the timing and the pace of which they make the repurchases. And so once -- and they have the time limit on it, which means they have to get it done before the end of the year. So they will come back at the end of the repurchase program and tell us exactly how many shares they repurchased, and we will either have slightly more or slightly less shares repurchased. We may have a slightly different total cash payment around that $250 million, but we'll know the final 20% once the program is completed.
Paul W. Graves: Operating cash from the businesses, I think, historical cash generation patterns, we don't expect to particularly change in any of our businesses. Clearly, the sensitivities we have are around working capital, clearly, in our Agricultural business. And as I've said many times before, the faster and the more we grow in that business, the greater the demand it makes upon us for investing in working capital. We'll continue to do that. So that's clearly going to be a factor, as it always has been. And I think Health and Nutrition has been a relatively static and standard working capital draw on the business, too, so I don't expect that to change meaningfully in the future. And we don't expect the Epax acquisition to make a big change to it. The Minerals segment clearly has upside from where we sit today, with profitability lower in both the soda ash and the Lithium businesses. Clearly, as profitability feeds through in that business, it does feed straight through to the bottom line. In terms of capital spending, we expect and clearly we're in a little bit of flux with Peroxygens moving out and Epax and others coming in, but generally speaking, we'd expect to continue to spend in the $350 million range of capital spending through that period as well. The one thing that you will see as well is our cash taxes will be slightly higher going forward. We've tended to use up most of our offsets in the U.S., so our cash taxes will be a little higher. We've obviously factored that into our guidance for '13, and we'll continue to factor it in going forward.
Paul W. Graves: It's about the same in each quarter. It's about half of that. Yes. It's reasonably evenly spread on a half year versus -- the quarters move around, but on a half year to half year basis, it's roughly the same between the 2 parts. Again, just -- let me just repeat, though. You won't actually see that coming out of our report numbers until Q3. When you see the Q3 numbers, Peroxygens is going to be removed for the full year, the entire year will be removed. So at the moment, all the numbers include Peroxygens for Q1 and Q2. But from now on, everything you see from us will exclude Peroxygens from every period.
