Paul W. Graves: Thank you, Pierre. As usual, let me start with the income statement before I move on to cash flow and the balance sheet. First tax, our adjusted effective rate for the year was around 22.8%, broadly in line with our expectations. Since, we were accrued a 23.5% for the year-to-date, this resulted in a slightly favorable impact on our Q4 tax rate, although clearly not as large as we have seen in prior years. While lower than guidance, the tax rate compared to Q4 2015 was a drag on our earnings of around $0.12 per share. Looking into 2017, we expect that rates to fall into a range of 16% to 20% for the full year. As I discussed on our last call, this is mainly due to the impact of the full integration of Cheminova, a large European business, into our supply chain, combined with our current view as to what our regional earnings mix will look like in 2017. Touching on currency next. For full year 2016, across all businesses and regions, currency was a small tailwind to earnings compared to 2015. Favorable movements in Brazil were partially offset by the weakening of almost every other major currency in our business, most notably the euro and Mexican peso. Almost all of the tailwind occurred in Q4. Looking into 2017, we would expect, based on current forward rates, that currency will be a drag of as much as $45 million on our earnings, almost exclusively in Ag Solutions, and spread across multiple currencies. This headwind is factored into our guidance. Let me also give a few comments on the higher guidance for corporate expenses in our 2017 numbers. We are guiding corporate expenses to be approximately $10 million higher than in 2016. As you know, FMC allocates almost all centrally-incurred costs to the business results. And therefore, all of the savings we have achieved from Cheminova integration are reflected in the segment level results. The remaining corporate costs reflect only those costs which reflect the cost of managing a publicly listed company that we've historically not allocated to the segments. For 2017, we have approximately $10 million of non-repeating costs related to various programs which will give immediate benefits to either segment earnings, cash flows, or the corporate tax rate. Some of these programs commenced in Q4 2016 and all of these programs will be completed in 2017, with the benefit starting to accrue in late 2017. Moving on to cash flow on slide 8. We delivered adjusted cash from operations, $561 million. However, this included a decision we made in the fourth quarter, as markets moved in our favor, to take advantage of an opportunity to annuitize our remaining UK pension obligation. By injecting $21 million into this fund, we have now removed all future funding requirements and eliminated a significant annual management cost of this exposure. Without this item, our full-year adjusted cash from operations would have been at the high-end of our Q3 guidance range of $550 million to $600 million. Even after this payment, we delivered a 55% increase in cash generation compared to 2015, with higher earnings, stronger working capital performance and tighter spending discipline, all contributing to the year-on-year increase. In 2016, we collected almost $700 million of outstanding receivables in Brazil. While this is solid progress, we saw no signs in Q4 that the credit tightness being felt by our customers is easing, and we remain cautious about extending further credit to some of our customers through additional sales. This lack of broadly available credit is the reason that the receivables balance in Brazil remains higher than we believe it should be, and we will continue to bring the same focus and discipline to collections in 2017 that we did in 2016. Based on our current visibility, we believe that we will reduce the current balance further in 2017. We reduced net debt by almost $250 million in 2016, ending with an adjusted net debt to EBITDA of approximately 3 times. We will continue to manage our debt to a level that is consistent with our current credit rating. Looking into 2017, we expect our capital expenditure to remain similar to 2016, just ahead of depreciation, allowing for our planned expansions in lithium hydroxide. This does not include any capital investment decisions that we may make with regard to a significant expansion of our lithium carbonate capabilities, which is something we are analyzing today. And with that, I will turn the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: Sure, happy to. Ultimately, when we acquired Cheminova, and we did talk about this at the time, it creates – I wouldn't say an opportunity, but the truth is a requirement to realign our supply chain to reflect the fact that we now have a larger business, Mark talked earlier about a direct market access business. Just bear in mind though, historically, we serviced Europe and sold to Europe essentially from the U.S. Today, none of the product we sell in Europe really touches the U.S. anymore. And so, we're more aligned with the physical flows. And what that does is, change essentially where we recognize profit around the world, tying it more closely to the reality of how we operate our business. And so, this is not a tax planning program per se. It is a tax benefit of the supply chain integration that we've been doing linked to the Cheminova integration. In fact, some of the extra corporate spending and some of the work we'll be doing in 2017 just reaffirms that point. It's realigning where we invoice from. It's realigning our SAP systems to reflect those flows, and the impact is that we do tend to recognize more profit in the future in lower tax jurisdictions, because we're making more sales in those regions.
Paul W. Graves: No. We've guided in 2017 for 16% to 20%. That range – it may be a little wide, but as we go into the year, we'll get more clarity where in the range it's going to come out. We're pretty confident, it will be inside that range in 2017, hence the guidance. I don't see that materially changing. Based on what I know today, but as you know, things can move quick in our business. I don't see that materially changing for 2018 versus 2017.
Paul W. Graves: It's a little early to tell, to be honest, Dmitry. It's going to be in the 16% to 20%, obviously depending on the strength of the regional Ag businesses, which is the biggest driver here. A big rebound in North America versus a big rebound in other regions makes a difference to that rate. So at the moment, I feel most comfortable saying that it's between 16% and 20%. And as it becomes clearer to us as we go through 2017 and into 2018, we'll give you new guidance.
Paul W. Graves: So the CapEx of our business, if you (56:33) boil it down to purely non-discretionary, it's probably a little bit behind depreciation or lower than depreciation. So what we see each year is clearly some decisions that we make depending on market conditions, depending on cash flow expectations of where we want to deploy capital. We have seen a fallback in the last two years, and an expansion in the Ag business as we've had enough capacity, clearly, as the rebound comes, we would want to get ahead of that, and make sure we have enough capacity around the world, particularly in our toller network, and also in our formulation plant. They are not typically very high capital requirements. The key – we've invested historically of course in Health and Nutrition business, particularly with the Rayong plant that we've talked about already, today. As we sit here today, there was a bit of source of spending that takes us above that base level of maintenance CapEx of the Lithium business, and we've talked about the hydroxide expansion and we're spending some money on debottlenecking down in Argentina to free up capacity down there as well. We'll continue to look hard about what is the right capital deployment particularly into the Lithium business in the next 12 to 24 months, and we'll continue to monitor carefully what we need in the Ag business. They'll be the two places that I think we'll be paying the most attention in the near-term. I'd expect the spending as a result to remain just a little bit higher than depreciation levels for that reason.
Paul W. Graves: So, the spending as we look into 2017 is what we're looking at. It's a relatively small amount of money. It's low double-digit millions in 2017 going into that.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. Despite the challenging Ag market conditions, we believe that our 2017 plan is very achievable. It relies on things we control, rather than expectations of positive external events. We expect to deliver earnings growth in each business, and strong EPS growth of 20% for the whole company. The strategy of each business is aligned with its respective market conditions. We expect revenue and earnings growth in our Lithium and Health and Nutrition businesses, and we will continue a very disciplined approach in Ag Solutions to ensure earnings growth while positioning the business strongly for the eventual upturn in that market. We expect, in 2017, the same predictability of results for the company than we demonstrated in 2016. Thank you for your attention. And I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think, at this stage, we believe that it is very important to do two things; let the sales happen in the quarter when there is the demand, and be very disciplined around potential credit risk. I do not see us lightening that behavior in the next six months. I think we are still observing the market. There is multiple signals and feedbacks, the market that we could see some signal of an upturn for the 2017-2018 season, especially driven by Latin America. So if I will have to pick a date where we will be more focused on a top line growth in line with market, and maybe a less prudent approach to market, I would say, in the back-end of the 2017.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. So what happened in the fourth quarter are two things. First of all, just to make sure we would have the volumes needed for the start-up of the plant. We put in inventory, some carbonate just to make sure we were fully prepared to load the plant as soon and as fast as we can, the hydroxide expansion, that is one. The other one, which is more important from the volume impact in Q4. Last year, we had quite a few sales of – resell of third party, we would buy product, convert what we would need to hydroxide and whatever we would not need for hydroxide, we sell on the open market for carbonate. The problem in the fourth quarter, if you look at the differential between which and which (30:34) we could buy this carbonate, and we sell it, even make it very valuable from an earnings standpoint. So all of our focus was to line up the volume of carbonate with what was needed for a downstream business. So those were the two key reasons. From a benefiting of the carbonate sales going into hydroxide, yes, you will see that in the second half of this year where we have a significant volume ramp-up of hydroxide coming from carbonate.
Pierre R. Brondeau: To give you a sense of product rationalization, as Mark said, we are getting to the end of the process now. But if you look back, we have walked away through this process in 2015 and 2016 of annual sales of $461 million, of which 63% were in Brazil. So it was a very significant move. One of the reasons for which, and besides the careful approach of the market and the already-increased risks and the timing, I think we moved away from $461 million of annual sales. It's a big chunk, 53% in Brazil, 12% in EMEA, and 11% in Asia. I think we're seeing the end, which could make us more aligned with market growth in the future.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, we're not expecting costs to be higher. I think via the cost controls which have been put in place, are mostly cost synergies which have come to us with the integration of Cheminova, those are very sustainable. We believe, we have a right sized the organization, and we're not expecting at all to have to make any significant changes on our cost structure. As you've seen in the numbers, we will increase earnings by 8% in the Ag business in a flat market. The only place where we are looking at a temporary cost increase is what Paul talked about, which is at corporate costs, because we do have programs which will have a fast payback around SAP, systems and taxes, for example which knowing that we are heading towards a decent year, we have good visibility for 2017, I think, we feel very much in control, we believe it was the right time to put those program in place, which will pay dividend quickly as you could see on the tax rate.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think we're in a good place right now. We worked very hard on the – managing the inventory level in the channel. I would say, Brazil and Latin America we're expecting for FMC, with all the work we've done, and we're going to keep on doing in Q1 this year, that's going to be the bright spot of the business in 2017. That's why we're having good expectation. We are at the right level, I don't think we need to further control all over our inventory. We still have work to do in North America, don't get me wrong. But I believe, we are in good shape in Brazil and Latin America right now to be able to push sales at a normal rate. (41:23) cautious around credit risk, but beside that we are feeling quite confident, and the numbers should show it in Q3, Q4 this year.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think what is important for us in our move towards more specialty and downstream is, we have way less exposure to the variability of pricing depending upon supply/demand. You see – and you could see in 2017 around carbonates and chloride. The seasonality, which is due to our operations in Argentina, the fact we are 12,000 feet, and the winter season, that we'll have to live with, we're trying to improve our operations, but we'll have to live with from a cost standpoint and production standpoint in Argentina. But the big, big benefit is really the fact that, by moving all of the carbonates into a downstream, we have much more visibility, with most of the contracts signed by now, by 2017. I would say the only variable we have this year is to confirm, which we are doing today, that our plant's going to start to have commercial sales of lithium hydroxide, a new plant in July. But beside that, everything is pretty much set.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We are still very attentive to what is going on, listening to the process. I think we've seen that most of the companies involved in the mega mergers are all having discussions with antitrust authorities. We believe it will result in opportunities, so at this stage, it's a very high priority for us to watch what is going on and stand ready, if we have an opportunity which makes sense for FMC. But we would like to participate if we can.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Regarding the big mergers, it's always – we believe we do have financing capacity if we need. It's a matter of what products, what growth potential and how they fit with our portfolio. So we haven't capped anything or limit our expectations on what FMC could not do. We want to be highly opportunistic. If there is something of interest, which is a high-quality product line or technology which fits our portfolio, it's all going to be a matter of price and return. And if it is there, we'll act.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right. Thank you for your participation and thank you for all of your questions. We feel confident that we'll deliver on our promise for 2017. I will expect the year to be a no-surprise year of execution in what is a challenging, but more stable and flexible-like market and a very strong Lithium market. At this point, I want to thank you very much, and hand the call back to, Brian.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. Hi, Chris, it's Mark. Yeah. Well, as we've gone through this direct market access model in Europe, we're seeing movement, you saw it in Q4, you'll see some of it in Q1. But really, it impacted the 2016 numbers. We get back onto a more normal run rate in 2017, with the exception of one final country, which is France. It's the last direct market access, we'll be putting that in place towards the end of this year. So we might see a little bit at the end of the year in France, but essentially, it will be done as we move through 2017. We haven't really put a number on the size of that, although clearly, that was a significant reason for what you see in 2017, along with FX. FX is a number in 2017, Q1 that is a reasonably large number that's impacting Europe. I don't think you're going to see that anywhere else in the world. We're pretty much finished with all our direct market access movements. If you watch the press, we've purchased our joint venture in China, and also in Argentina as we went through the end of last year. So, we're pretty much done in terms of the rest of the direct market access.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. (33:19) we've done a lot of work over the last 18 months on rationalization, it's coming to an end. I think, we'll see less of it as we roll through 2017. There's still some inventories to be sold as we go through the process. New product introductions; we have about 40 new products to be introduced in 2017. Obviously, that's the first year of those products being sold, so the revenue is smaller than it will be at peak. Those products in many formulations, new mixes that we have for our proprietary molecules, tends to be herbicides and fungicides. And then, obviously going forward in 2018, we have the launch of our first of the platform molecules and then that rolls through all the way through 2023. We have netted that out against the rationalizations that we've seen already. We've set our pipeline has a peak sales of about $1.5 billion in revenue, that still holds true. So you will see that potential new growth coming through as we go through the rest of this decade.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. Mike, I think one of the things that we see is distribution and retail are prepared to hold inventories of products that they know they're going to move and they know they're going to need early in the season, hence, what we've seen on the pre-emergent side. You think about our market share in pre-emergents. We've grown that share over the last seven to eight years. And we have about 28% of the market in North America now with our Authority family of brands. So distribution and retail know those products are going to move, so they're willing to put them in place earlier, hence we've seen that shift from Q1 to Q4. I would expect to see that to continue as we roll through to the next few years.
Mark A. Douglas: No. We are embedded in India. We have our own manufacturing site in India where we manufacture active ingredients. We actually have toll manufacturing agreements in India. Our philosophy really on the toll manufacturing side is to have a balanced portfolio around the world. Obviously, we're heavily weighted towards China right now, has been for the last 15 years. India is a very important market to us. It's a growing market. We are likely to put more formulating capabilities into India. But from a toll manufacturing, we will view India as we always have been, it is a source of active ingredients that can help balance our footprint around the world.
Mark A. Douglas: Rosemarie, not really. You look at sugar prices today, sugar prices are at a pretty high level. And really given, not that demand is dropping, but supply is being tight given the conditions we've seen in Brazil. And over the last three to four years, replanting in Brazil has been at a very low level. So, therefore, overall production in Brazil has been lower. We're expecting that in 2017 to 2018 season, that we know we'll start to see planting come back given the high value of sugar in the world market, and the opportunities there are for Brazilian growers. So if anything, I would say we've have been in a bit of a trough in the sugarcane business in Brazil. My expectation is, we should start to see that come out a little bit better in 2017 through 2018.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. In Brazil, I mean, you've seen some huge volatility in growth rates in Brazil over the last few years. But if you take the long haul, I would say it's low-single to mid-single-digits in terms of market growth. When we get there, probably later on 2018 into 2019, I think we'll start to see those numbers come through.
