Andrew Sandifer: Yes, just echo comments you made, Mark, I think, as we look forward to input cost for next year. The cost of what limited buying we're doing right now, but the cost of things that we're buying are in a positive comparison to prior year. We do expect that input cost will be a modest tailwind next year. The challenge is, unfortunately, that carried forward of unabsorbed fixed costs from reduced production and then the latter part of this year and into early next year. So at gross margin, we're not expecting a lot of help either way at the gross margin line from input cost. Being offset again by unabsorbed fixed costs. It really would be the impact of the cost savings programs we're in the process of launching that will impact every line of the P&L from COGS to SG&A and R&D. We'll detail this more, additional detail at our Investor Day in a few weeks, but that will be a big part of driving profit growth next year.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes, certainly, Laurent, I think you're on to the right theme which is we do expect normalization of working capital over the next 12 to 18 months. I do think it's important to remember in the ag input space that working capital cycles different than other chemical or materials businesses. Now we buy on reasonable terms, industrial terms from our suppliers. Then we hold manufacturer product hold an inventory for to meet seasonal demand. Then have inventory ready when needed when pest pressure shows up. Then we sell often on crop terms or longer terms certainly than what we pay for materials we purchase. So it's a bit of a long cash cycle that's becoming elongated particularly as inventory levels have gotten out of line with the go forward sales pace. So I think right now the focus is really on, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, on taking inventory, converting it to sales, converting it to receivable and collecting it. But there can be a good six to 12 month lag in that process due to the seasonal nature of the business to be able to really clear through that inventory and turn it to a good to receivable and collect it. So certainly a good reference point, looking back a couple of years where trade working capital in 2021 at 9/30 was about $700 million lighter than where we are today. That's not a bad dimension. And certainly we would think that those working capital metrics would come back in line that to more historical norms. It's just going to take 12 to 18 months to really adjust to all of the whiplash we've had in the supply chain with both the rapid growth in 2022 and now the rapid deceleration in 2023. But I think my fundamental message to you is, yes, we fully anticipate a robust working capital release in 2024 and bleeding into 2025.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Hey, I'll take, this as Andrew. Look, I think the traditional working capital build you see in Q1 should be significantly lower. From an inventory perspective, we're already sitting on a substantial inventory, so our traditional end of year, beginning of year inventory builds in advance of the Northern Hemisphere seasons will be much less subdued, if at all. I think from a receivables perspective because we do have significant advance payments in Q4 against sales in Q1. You don't see as much relief on the receivable side in Q1. And then the question mark is going to be how rapidly we start ramping back up production. We significantly reduced production levels, step down in Q3 and further step down in Q4. So our payables are quite depressed. How quickly we rebuild those payables in the first half of next year will have a lot of impact on it. But certainly I would say the biggest factor that should limit the traditional big working capital pump in Q1 is there is no need to build up a significant pool of inventory going into the new year.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes, I think just building on that in Q3, look, sales were $250 million lower than what we'd expected in the quarter. And that's directly a big chunk of inventory reduction that we would have expected to achieve in Q3. And I think as Mark has commented, you can't stop a super tanker in one quarter, it does take time to slow things down. You should expect to see a more substantial drop in inventory from 9/30/23 to 12/31/23.
Andrew Sandifer: Thanks, Kevin. Look, I think the covenant discussions are well underway, going very positively. We'd expect to have something more concrete to disclose next week. So, some more to come there. Our most recent covenant amendment we did with 100% support of the bank group and at no cost. This covenant amendment may cost us a little bit, but it won't be a material expense. So I’ll reserve comment until we have completed the discussions, but discussions are well advanced. We have gotten very positive feedback from the bank group. And just to reiterate, they see the need for us to adjust and go through this period of resetting our size of our business with this industrywide channel reset really is a transitory business condition. So the banks have been very supportive of the company. We will, again, adjust the covenant to give ourselves room as we're both reducing debt and allowing the trailing 12-month EBITDA to recover. So as Mark pointed to, certainly Q4, the guidance we have today is challenging, Q1 not likely to improve, and in Q2 we would expect to see an inflection point and start to see trailing 12-month EBITDA begin to recover. That will help with leverage. And then certainly any of the cash that we generate beyond paying the dividend at its current level, all of that cash flow will go to reducing debt. And including, I want to be very clear because there have been some questions about this. We have $400 million in senior notes that are due in February of 2024. We will be redeeming those notes this quarter. So, we'll have no near-term maturities to address. And that's a part of the whole conversation with the bank group on the covenant. So, we'll have some further information for you in the next week on the covenant. In terms of longer-term financial policy, I'm going to reserve comment there to our Investor Day. I will state that 2.5 target leverage on average has been our long-standing policy. We've run north of that on average for the past several years. So that's something that we've had some very active discussions Mark and myself along with the board. So we'll bring some further comments in that in two weeks in the Investor Day.
Mark Douglas: So Joel, to wrap up for you, expect to see revenue growth, expect to see EBITDA growth above revenue growth next year from FMC.
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure. I mean, first of all, our main strategy, I think it's on slide 12, which shows the sediment chart. You can see on that slide how we're altering the profile of the portfolio of the Diamides. The new products are growing rapidly. The one we mentioned in the script, Premio Star in Brazil, that has already contributed in Q3, tens of millions of dollars of new growth. And we expect to see the same in Q4 and as we go forward in the rest of the season. That's the type of activity that changes the face of the Diamides. First of all, they give you tremendous pattern extension because these are very sophisticated formulations, whether it's the blend of different active ingredients or something like Coragen MaX, which is a very high concentration formulation. It means you can use less; it means you're carrying less water, less packaging. So from a sustainability perspective, it's a great product and it also has superb efficacy. So it's those types of innovations, not only change what we sell, it may move us away from any generic products that will come into the market, either legally or illegally in different countries. It changes the shape and it adds more value to the company. So I think from a product innovation standpoint, that's one aspect that we've been heavily focused on. The second piece is the continued geographic expansion, registration, label expansion. You can see by the chart that we showed where Diamides sits in the whole spectrum of insecticides. There are some very old chemistries out there that are going to be removed over the next 10 years. Our target is those older chemistries. So we need to make sure we have the products in the right registrations and the right geographies on those crops to take away those older chemistries. So for me, it's innovation, it's geographic expansion and the innovation is really driving the next generation of patent support that we have for these products. So we feel very good about where we are. We'll give you more details on November the 16th about that growth profile. But think of it in terms of innovation and geographic expansion.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Laurent. I'll let Andrew give you some details on the working capital side. My view is when we think about restructuring the company, we're not only talking about our cost base but we're absolutely talking about the other metrics that we look at the performance of the company. Working capital be one of them. The different elements of working capital move at different speeds. Obviously, payables are a lot lower than it should be given the fact that we're not manufacturing a lot right now so therefore we're not buying a lot. That will change inventory. We are working our way through inventory right now. Obviously, selling out of inventory reduces inventory and then we'll collect the receivables at the normal rate. I expect the metrics to get back in line through ‘24 and ‘25 in terms of as a percent of revenue, how much working capital do we carry. But Andrew, if you want to give any more details on that.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I wouldn't describe what we've seen in Latin America is sharp. And also, Laurent, it's not broad pricing. It's more a reflection of how we account for customer inventory and how we're managing price with customer inventory going forward. It shows up in price. Obviously, our customers, some of our customers are holding higher cost inventory. We're working that through as we go through this season. So it's not broad based price pressure. And as we indicated in the other three regions of the world, we actually had price increases over the year, over the period. We will continue to look at price increases next year. People should not forget there is still inflationary pressures moving through many economies and certainly companies like us. We have labor cost increases as many companies do. So we will not be shy from raising prices as we go through the next 12 months cycle.
Mark Douglas: A little early to tell, Kevin. We really not thinking through the volume price mix just yet. Generally speaking, price tends to be sticky for FMC over the years. We've seen that. We do tend to raise prices every year, even if it's only 1% to cover some form of inflation in different parts of the world. So a little early to say I'll give you more details on November the 16th when we talk about 2024. But volume, sorry Kevin just to finish that conversation, I would say just our new product introductions come through on volume for us not price. So that growth in new products would show up in volume expansion.
Mark Douglas: It's, Laurence, there is no push of sales into next year. This is all real inventory that's been held in distribution retail and it's been removed. It does not get pushed so I would say it's zero going into next year. It truly is a reset of bringing those inventories around the world down and then growing from that new point onwards.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I'm going to give you those details on November the 16th because we have a section on Diamides and the overall growth of the portfolio so we'll put it all in context for you. Suffice to say that the number of formulations accelerates as we go over the next 5 to 10 years and those products are already in our pipeline that we'll talk about. Well documented in terms of what happens to molecules when they go off patent. Generally the market expands, pricing alleviates but volume goes up and the net-net is you have an expansion of the market itself plus an expansion in overall dollars of profitability. I don't think the Diamides will be any different. The difference may be the fact that they are so fragmented and different types of patents in different parts of the world. You may see that coming off in different regions and we kind of showed that in the slides that we put forward. We have our own examples, Sulfentrazone, Clomazone that have been off patent for many years. They continue to grow, they remain profitable. We don't see any difference for those Diamides, but we'll put all that in context for you on the 16th.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I would say the Diamides will be higher than the average just because of the attributes that they have.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I mean, this is -- that will obviously happen as patents roll off and jurisdictions change, generic products will come. I mean, that's normal in this industry, we see it every molecule that has ever existed. What we're doing about that, changing the formulations, bringing new technologies into the Diamides as we just talked about, expanding that geographic base, those are the things that we're doing. The branding of our products, we have extremely strong branding around the world. The brands that we sell are some of the best known brands in the pesticide industry. That is a very powerful tool in places like India, in places like Brazil. Brand matters, quality, assurance of performance. So all you bring all those things together, and we'll talk about that on the 16th, those are the types of activities that allow you to continue to grow your market share in an expanding market.
Mark Douglas: Yes, it's not great right now, Mike. It's very difficult to walk around the world. You could tell by the types of results that FMC is putting out there, as well as our competitors, that everybody is having the same issues in judging where the market is. I think the focus is on Latin America, because Latin America is now at the beginning of its season, where we've had time in the Northern Hemisphere to work through some of this in US, Canada, obviously Europe. So I think Latin America has all the focus now, just because it's late to the game in terms of where its season is. That does not mean to say that there is not channel inventory elsewhere in the world. Hence my comments, I see this working through Q1, possibly into Q2, and then off we go. So I think that first half is where we're really focused on to make sure that we understand, as we come out of that period, exactly where are we and how is volume flowing.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I think there are. I'm not going to go into those details today because I actually, we're preparing for all of that as we go into our Invest Today. You've got to understand that the NPI, the growth of the new product is accelerating, so that gives you a tailwind. You do have a full season of LATAM in the second half of the year, which is also a positive tailwind. You take those big pieces together. We believe we'll have positive growth next year, Vincent.
Mark Douglas: Yes, I think, listen, I think that your LATAM premise is absolutely right. In 2021 and 2022, clearly there was a lot of uncertainty around supply. There was a lot of price increases. I think the thing that caught the industry out is that growers around the world were holding inventory, and I don't think that was factored into people's calculations. That has obviously been much more than anybody thought, and that's one of the big catalysts that we saw starting to unwind in Q2. And here we are today. So I think it's not only, don't just focus on distribution and retail, the grower component here was much bigger than I think anybody thought.
Mark Douglas: Yes, absolutely. We don't see that at all. November the 16th, I'm going to paint the picture for you as how we grow over the next 36 months and what we look like 10 years out. You'll see that there are a number of components that aid that growth. We are absolutely committed to continue to grow the value of the diamonds in terms of its contribution to the company. Now you will see there are other parts that we're introducing that are growing much faster than the Diamides. So don't think of FMC as being a Diamides story. Yes, the Diamides are incredibly important to us. It's a fantastic franchise. Anybody would give their right arm to have this franchise. What we're telling you is we have other things that are actually growing faster and will become more important to the company over the next 3 to 10 years. So I think that's the story that people are missing. You're assuming we're going to drop EBITDA in Diamides. That is not the case. EBITDA is going to grow with the Diamides. You also have the additive of all the new products and the new platforms that we're building. That's the total story and I think that's getting missed today.
Mark Douglas: Yes, listen, it's a very, very fragmented structure in this industry. It is very difficult at the grower level to understand what people are holding when you have millions of farmers around the world. We obviously talk to our big distributors and partners around the world and they were caught out by this. So I think the industry has a lot to learn in terms of how much inventory is set out there. We are going to be doing some things internally ourselves. I don't want to say what they are, to try and aid our demand forecast accuracy and understanding what inventory is out there. But I think we have to recognize it's never going to be 100% accurate. It is just too fragmented. But there are things that we've learned over the last 12 months that we can apply to our thinking, especially as we're planning our supply chain activities. So yes, there are learnings, some of them I want to keep for ourselves. But generally speaking, I think the industry does have to do a better job of. communicating where inventory sits at any point of that value chain.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I think for us, as we just talked about, I think we reset as we go through Q4, Q1, much more balancing Q2. That's where you grow from, industry typically grows at 3%-ish can be zero can be a little more. Think of that as sort of the second half move. You're getting more normal growth patterns. You also have to remember that inventory doesn't sit still at any one point of this value chain. It can move from grow a back to retail and retail back to distribution. So any one point in time, inventory looks different. That's another complicating factor. Having said all of that, we expect this to reset as we go through the first half of next year predominantly Q1. Second half of the year will be much, should be much more normal in terms of growth and inventory management. That's how we see it.
