Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, right now, as you know, we do have agreement with the government in terms of how we operate and tax and cash repatriation. But clearly, we are taking a pause in looking at where we are going with our expansion. I think the way the business is operating today is fine, but as you know, we are going to be very quickly even with the current expansion, again, at a 100% capacity utilization. And we are studying the situation in Argentina to make a final decision in the next few months about our future expansion. I think there's a lot of moving parts today in Argentina, and it is very hard for me to make a full commitment to the next step of expansion until we have a better picture of what is going on. And we are talking with authorities over there in Argentina.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, what -- I mean, if you look year-on-year, we're going to have very solid -- and it's part of our guidance and what we've said, very solid year-on-year pricing. Today, we have started looking forward to be prudent, and that's why despite the very strong first quarter, you see that we are keeping above the year number for Industrial Chemical in term of earnings growth at the same level. And we are looking at a 20% despite a stronger first quarter than we're expecting. We mentioned the fact that we had a very favorable export mix, which should re-establish and be a little bit less favorable in the second quarter. And we have seen some sign of price decrease in Asia around soda ash because of the reduction in demand versus what we're expecting. It's not big, but it's there, and we just took the prudent approach to have a more conservative pricing from ANSAC in Asia and only in Asia. The rest of the world stays about what we're expecting.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And we started to move into the new royalty partially during part of last year, so it's not -- I mean, the impact was high in the first quarter, but it varies from quarter to quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think the -- more than talking about dairy or other application, I would say that we have 3 product lines in our BioPolymer business: carrageenan, alginate and MCC. And by far, the highest profit, faster growth is our MCC product line, and that if you look, that's where all of our investment are going. So I think this business will grow faster and faster when the MCC part of that business will get bigger because that's the place which is commanding potentially high single-digit or double-digit growth rates, while the other businesses are just low single-digit growth. So MCC is really -- and you're right, MCC has application in the dairy market in Asia; very fast growth in Asia; double-digit growth in Asia. It has application also in pharmaceutical, protein beverage, so it's a broad range of application but more specialty and more differentiated.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, the downtime itself in term of time was about the same. It was more difficult. We had issues in bringing some of the equipment we need because of the weather on the road. But the length of the downtime was about the same. The problem is the downtime, combined with the weather, created some issues to operate the plant. Even the pod was working the way it was working at full capacity. We also had dilutions, very significant dilutions of the ponds, which is forcing us to work with brine which is more diluted. So we had -- it's much more a combination of 2 negative effects together, which have created a situation where in the first quarter, the performance was low compared to -- significantly below what we had a year ago. We will still see that effect in the second quarter because even if the tie-ins of the plants are done, we're going to be having diluted ponds, and we're going to be operating with the brine which is less concentrated, which will create less product from the plant in a high operating cost. Things are starting to get better in the third quarter. So third quarter, you will see sequential and year-on-year improvement in the EBIT, not yet at full capacity. I think we will have fully recovered from all of that, and the lithium business will be at full performance in the fourth quarter. So you will see sequential improvement from first quarter to the fourth quarter with the start of the ramp-up, the most visible start of the ramp-up being in the third quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, today, the places where we would be -- first of all, let me say that we are pausing and observing and negotiating, but we still believe Argentina is our #1 option for expansion. So we cannot make a decision today because of the political situation. But it still remains our #1 opportunity. If it is not a place where we would increase, the options we have are, clearly, you know that Chile is a place today which is opening up to companies. Now we would have to start a grassroot plan. So we would not any longer be talking about major expansion in 2014. I would most likely push that to 2016-plus. We also have possibilities in Australia and possibilities in China. So we are right now looking at all of our options we might be able to use, but Argentina remains our priority. Argentina, by far, is the cheapest and the fastest way to bring additional capacity.
Pierre R. Brondeau: First, let me talk about the expansion. I would say that the probability that we'll expand Granger is very high. The question is only the timing. As you know, we do have 3 major projects to be undertaken. We are -- we will be building a large MCC plant in Asia. We do have the doubling of the capacity in Argentina potentially for lithium, and we do have the Granger 2 expansion. So we have to prioritize and decide what is the best timing for all of this. I would say that we will be, as Frank said before, maybe by end of the summer, fall, we'll have a better idea of where we're going with the lithium timing. And I would say that by the end of the year, we'll have a better idea of where we are going with the Granger timing. So all of those are most likely to happen. It is just a timing of one versus the other. I would say the one which is the most likely to take off first and be quickly undertaken is the MCC plant in Asia. Regarding the mix, we believe the mix is going to be -- the export mix is going to be the same year-on-year. The only difference is more of a quarter. We had left shipment towards Russia or Eastern Europe or some other countries which are more difficult and less favorable from a mix standpoint, but we're going to ship more toward those in the second quarter. So it's more of a quarter balance than it is of a year balance.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Margins are about the same. What we believe is we believe that we pulled forward about $5 million to $8 million of EBIT into the first quarter. That's about the number we are estimating. Those are speculations. I mean, it's sometimes very hard to know if we could stay strong on EBIT more, but we're expecting that -- North America tends to have higher margins than places like Brazil, but there is not a very large difference. And assuming about the same level of margin, we pulled forward $5 million to $8 million of EBIT.
Pierre R. Brondeau: That's a good question. A couple of things. First of all, there is a management change, which means we wanted to create an organization where people would wake up in the morning thinking solely about that business and would be capable of leveraging the resources we have a bit spread around that business around the company. So we wanted a much more focused accountable management for that space and bringing together the technologies, allowing better innovation. I do not foresee beyond what we have announced any significant capital spending, but I do foresee potential M&A activities.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Not at all. We have a very positive outlook. If you look at -- an expansion in Granger would bring about 700,000 tons of products in the market, which is 45 million, 50 million tons a year, where you have growth, which is in the mid-single digits. So -- and if you add to that the low manufacturing costs we had, it would not be an issue at all to push this product into the market without even creating more price pressure on the world. So the vision is not due to market constraints. We feel very strong about the market today and where we're going for this year and next year. It is more a prioritization within the company in term of resources. Those 3 projects represent significant capital investment, which could dimension in the order of $0.5 billion, and they all require -- if not more actually, and they all require significant engineering resources. And I just want to make sure that we are resourcing all of those projects in an appropriate way to successfully deliver on each of them. That's why we have to maybe stagger the start of each of those projects and not undertake everything at the same time.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Absolutely on track. Some, maybe positive news, if I look beyond 2012 on some of the product line we have acquired, which are showing greater opportunity I'm thinking for -- about Ag, for example. But yes, for 2012, completely on track. And we will be -- as you know, we give every other quarter, we will give an update on 2015, and that will be part of monitoring. So we'll talk more about that when we do that, but we're on track.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No. If you look at the way we are building the capacity, as well as what has been announced by some of our peer companies in this market, the kind of capacity increase we are planning to add in the 2014, 2015 time frame will be absorbed by the market outside of the EV market. So it is not a big decision. We will be building the capacities to double the full capacity in 2 different tranches. Now if EV is slower than what we are seeing, that could impact the timing at which we have tranche 2 of the capacity expansion. But right now, where most of the industry is in capacity and the growth of the market outside of EV or, let's say, of the car industry, outside of the car transportation industry, we have no issue in the first step of the expansion. Same ways is being -- it's the same for our competitors. I think the question will come for the next step in the '16, '17.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think we believe, what we understand and also, again, it's not like we have 6 months of price decrease behind us, but the signs we are reading is that there has been capacity buildup in the end of last year in China and a market growing a little bit slower than we're expecting, which has been pushing some of the Chinese competitors to push product outside of China into their export market, and those product came head-to-head against ours, and that has created a little slowdown in the price increase. Now pricing are still robustly above where they were last year. Don't get me wrong. It's not a decrease versus last year price. The price is actually going up. The problem is what we see today is the ramp-up of the price in Asia might not be as steep as what we're expecting, and we are slowing down a bit the curve but still contemplating year-on-year price increase.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, the demand is solid, and we are at full capacity in the summer 2012 expansion, and it's all soda.
Pierre R. Brondeau: The business actually is doing quite well. We are still in the integration process. It's quite a complex process to bring all of the Bayer product registration and all of the supply chain issues. So we are still in the integration phase, but I have to say that we are very pleased with that acquisition. We're very pleased with our cooperation with Bayer, which is extremely positive. And we do see more and more opportunities. We just had a review, for example, in Latin America. We do see great opportunities beyond what we're expecting. So when I answered the question before, we're on track, and say maybe beyond 2012, we have some good surprise there, that's one of the one which is going to grow faster than we are expecting.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, those are small volumes from small sales. It's part also of what I discussed around the -- it had a positive impact in term of the mix for soda ash, where we saw more sales going to non-Eastern Europe, Russia countries and more toward western, toward Latin America or Asia, which was a positive mix. But it's -- we are pretty small over there, so it's not a -- it had a positive impact on earnings, but it's not a big volume contributor.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Lithium, yes. I mean, the way you have to look at lithium is, up to the fourth quarter, we will not be at the full sales and earnings potential of the business, so you won't see an improvement in the second quarter versus the first quarter, versus only a long way from the potential as we recover. Sales quarter, as you start to feel better, but we are still operating at higher costs, but it's improving for the third quarter, and end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter is what we know and believe we will be at the full operations of the business, which means we'd be operating at a lower cost, with margins more in line with our expectation in historical margin and higher volumes because we'll benefit fully from the expansion.
Pierre R. Brondeau: You're absolutely correct. I think we're going to see a very different performance of the Lithium business in 2013, which will be a continuation of the performance with the same ratio in sales that we're going to have in the fourth quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Before the end of 2014. The $100 million is capital spend. We do have an organization today which is ready to bring to market. I mean, we still have to hire, I'm sure, a few salespeople. But overall, we do have an organization which is in place with the technical and sales structure to sell the product which will come out of this plant. I don't know if you've seen but we have opened up a lab in Singapore this quarter, in the first quarter, where we had about 50 customers that was there. We do have expanded our lab and offices in Istanbul. We have a new lab also in India. So we have in -- plus, as you know, we have a new innovation center in Shanghai. So from a front end of the company, sales, marketing, tech service, we are pretty much ready to sell more. We are at 100% capacity, and by 2014, we'll bring that to the market.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Peter. I mean, that's an important question. We believe today -- we truly believe today that we have the capability to deliver significant top line growth and double-digit EPS growth every quarter, but at the same time, take advantage of all of the opportunities we have for future growth. And we believed, after looking into our portfolio of technology pipeline, that we were limited, not by the ideas, not by the portfolio of what we could bring to the market, just by the resource and money. And seeing the growth potential of the company, the earnings potential of the company, we have decided that we can deliver beyond expectations, but still invest more in the future of the company and in the past. So what we called growth initiatives are mostly strengthening our research globally by more resource in North America, but also in other places like Asia or Latin America, more sales, more tech service in order to bring more work on registrations in Ag, so more spending to bring new technology to the market faster. And we've been thinking about should we do that for a couple of years when I joined, but I believe, for a little while, we're going to want to take opportunities or what we have in front of us because we do have lots of positive things which are happening in the company, which will allow us growth for many years.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. If you look in the big scheme of things, there is only one negative today. It's the performance of the lithium business. We -- I mean, frankly, if you look at all of the businesses, they're all performing very, very strongly currently, and they are going to perform very strongly for the next 3 quarters for the year and beyond. So the major orientation we have in the earning growth despite the -- and despite that, we delivered a 30% year-on-year EPS growth in our lithium business. It is multimillion dollars, I mean, more than single digits, which we're going to see to the bottom line in between the first quarter and the fourth quarter this year in term of amelioration of the financial performance of that business. So what we really have to focus on today is keep on operating all of our businesses as strongly as they have been performing and turn around the Lithium business. And we know exactly where the issues are, so you will start to see some improvement in Q2, some in Q3, and you will see the full earning potential of that business in Q4. The rest -- yes, there is some issues right and left, but there is some positive. They pretty much offset each other, and they do not impact majorly the performance of the company.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. I mean, if you look at -- I think we delivered it -- I mean, I'm pretty, pretty pleased with the quarter we delivered. It's a great thing to be able to talk about a company delivering quarter-on-quarter performance, 30% up in term of earnings. Looking at a year, we're going to have a -- I think, a midpoint of our guidance is around 16% EPS growth, which is a strong performance. And when you know that we're delivering that, with 4 business out of 5 performing, and we have 1 with strong earnings growth potential. And when you -- you have to believe that those 5 businesses will be operating at full potential in the fourth quarter, that tells you the magnitude of improvement we can see demonstrating to a 30% now.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you very much to all for your time, your attentions and your questions. I hope that during today's call, we have demonstrated again our ability to deliver strong performance quarter-after-quarter, while at the same time continue to make well-placed organic and external investments to ensure our future profitable growth. We delivered 2 superb years in 2010 and 2011 and are off a strong start in 2012. We are confident that we will continue to realize the earnings power investors should expect from the FMC portfolio. 1.5 years ago, we shared with you a plan with our overriding objective to drive top quartile total shareholder return. It has an aggressive organic growth component, which would be augmented by a focused external growth component. As we say, we were to realize this aggressive growth, we have made targeted increases in our below-the-line costs. We have increased research and development spending, especially in Agricultural Products and BioPolymer. We had increased selling and technical service expenses, and we had invested in critical infrastructure to deliver this growth where it is needed. The vast majority of this spend is out in the business and regions where it should be, close to our customers. We are fortunate that today, we have a rich organic growth pipeline that will leverage our strong new product and technology innovation expertise. Equally, we have a rich external pipeline that offers us the opportunity to make focused equity and acquisitions. Our success here is evident. In 2012, we will derive $90 million in sales and $15 million in EBIT and EPS of $0.07 from the 8 transactions we completed in 2011. Including the related organic growth investments to fund the growth of each of these transactions, we are on track to meet our goal for external growth to contribute $800 million or more in 2015 revenues.  So in summary, I can say that now, more than ever, we are confident that 2012 will be another record year for FMC, that we are solidly on track to achieve our Vision 2015 objective, and equally importantly, that we are building a company that will deliver premium growth and value well beyond 2015. I look forward to providing you an update on the Vision 2015 progress during next quarter's call, and I look forward to presenting an in-depth review of our Vision 2015 strategy at an Investor Day to be held on Tuesday, December 11, 2012, in New York City. Details will be forthcoming.  Thanks, again, for your time and attention. This completes our call.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Mike, it's Mark Douglas here. We'd never actually gave an order of magnitude when we talked on the fourth quarter call in terms of what the royalties was. The rate has moved from 2% to 6% on any federal land that we mine. We don't actually break that out, but yes, it did have an impact in Q1, and it will have an impact in the rest of the year on a quarterly basis as we go forward. But we did not break that out.
Mark A. Douglas: It's not easy to say. It's not actually as simple as that because as we mine, we go through different leases, so it varies quarter-to-quarter, but we don't actually break that out in terms of quarterly analysis.
Mark A. Douglas: With the Cross-State Air Pollution Rules being stayed from April of this year until early next year, obviously, we've seen customers being very cautious in terms of what they are looking at for trials, et cetera. But for us, it's very much a case of not if the rules are in place, but when. And we fully expect that to occur early next year. So our plant expansion that we have underway in Wyoming is scheduled to be on stream at the end of this year, and that is on track. So we're very bullish on this market. We recognize there's been a delay from the April of this year to early next year, but it's very much a market that we expect to grow. So you should be looking for some impacts as we go through next year.
Mark A. Douglas: Hi, Peter, it's Mark here. Yes, sure. If you remember back to the Investor Day and consequent calls, we said we would have run rate savings by the end of 2011 of $25 million, an additional $25 million on top of that by the end of 2012 going towards an $18 million run rate of savings by 2015. I can tell you that we beat our $25 million at the end of 2011 by a couple of million dollars, and we are on track to deliver the next $25 million by the end of this year. So things are in -- on track, where we expect it to be. We've built out the organization as I said we would, and we're very much focused on adding value to the company by a very professional procurement organization.
