Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. Despite the ag industry uncertainty, we believe that our 2016 plan is very achievable. It relies more on things we control than on expectations of positive external events. We expect to deliver earnings growth in all businesses in 2016 and will continue to position FMC firmly on the path of growth by leveraging the Company's unique business model that has defined our success. FMC remains a technology-driven Company with low-cost asset life operation, a unique high return on the model for active ingredients innovation and strong regional formulation capabilities. I want to thank you for your attention and I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Pierre Brondeau: Well, I think when we look at 2016, as we said, we're going to pretty much cover with price increase the FX impact for two reasons. First of all, because we expect the FX impact to be less than in 2016 than it was in 2015. Remember, the biggest problem in 2015 was the high volatility and rapid devaluation of the real in the third quarter. That was unprecedented, more than actually the overall devaluation of the real. So we're not expecting that situation. In a less impact situation from currency, the price increase we need going into 2016 is less than the last year because a big part is a recovery of currency issues from price increase which are already in place. So I would say we're entering 2016 with about 60% of the price actions already in place to recover the currency impact and the rest is to happen during the year.
Pierre Brondeau: See, I don't think from a business strength standpoint anything has changed for FMC. I believe we remain one of the lowest cost manufacturer of active ingredients and maybe the most flexible one with our asset-like model. We believe our technology strategy is even better today than it used to be and our formulation strength has not changed. So it is right now the earnings potential of FMC Ag Solutions has not changed. The problem is we're in a situation where demand is very low, decisions from the growers are pushed to the last minute and in currency situation which has been, as you can see, the biggest problem. So 2016 is going to be focused for us on earnings growth. There isn't much we can do around volume demand. We're also going to be highly, highly disciplined. We're not -- I can tell you one thing, we have not done that in 2015 and we're going to stick with that strategy in 2016, we're not going to run after market share. We're working our way from low-profit sales and we're increasing price to recover the currency impact. That should position us, as soon as the cycle turn, to a very strong performance. So to expect the business going into the mid- to high-teens growth as soon as the market turn around, I have no doubt about it. The model is still intact. Right now it is inventory and I would say our worries are mostly placed in North America and Brazil.
Pierre Brondeau: No. I think if you look at our overall performance from the business from a revenue standpoint, we're going to be about in line with the market if you remove the impact of third-party sales. So really, think about our business from a volume standpoint, we're going to be in line with the markets. So if it's a mid to high single-digit, call it a 7%, pure volume driven by market demand, that's where we're forecasting a\our performance. Now, our decline in sales are going to be higher because we're -- and I'm talking volume here, okay -- because we're working away still from third party -- the run rate at which we close 2015 is leading to a number which is higher than 2015 because we started this process during the year. And I think it's about an incremental $100 million of third-party sales. We're working our way in 2016 which make our performance from a revenue standpoint a bit worse than market. So two things, we market from a demand standpoint. For us third-party sales, $100 million, work our way. Where we're going to outperform the market, as we show in one of the slide, I think it's slide 9, the one where we have the earnings driver, is because of the work we've done around integration, around the cost and also two drivers of growth which are synergies from Cheminova and also the new product introduction. Let me finish. Let me maybe be more precise in the quantification. If you think about our sales, we're going to be declining, just look at about three big buckets. Sales driven by market decline about $150 million to $200 million. That's the market demand. Think about third party, we're working our way with no profit implication about $100 million and think about growth which would be coming from synergies and new technology, from $50 million to $100 million. Those are the three big bucket of our revenue drivers in 2016.
Pierre Brondeau: I think the ability to increase price is very different in places like Brazil where the local pricing in real is indexed to a dollar currency and there is a mechanism, usually which is in place now. It always ends up being a negotiation. And I believe, yes, we have been the most aggressive at increasing price because we believe our portfolio can afford that and also believe that today predicting the profitability of the business is critical, especially when the cycle will turn because the cycle will turn and we believe we will be in a much stronger position that time. It is more difficult to increase pricing in location like Europe or even Asia where there is no indexation on the currency on the dollar because there is purely a supply/demand and negotiations. So I would say most of our pricing recovery comes from Brazil rather than other region. And, yes, you are correct, I don't think we're ahead of the market because, as you can see, we only partially recovered the currency negative impact with price increase, but, yes, we were -- and we believe it's the right strategy -- the most aggressive on that front.
Pierre Brondeau: Sure. So the $15 million of earnings increase we're forecasting is driven by multiple factors. First of all, you know that we've been working very hard at fixing our operational issues and I think we're there. Most of our plant -- there are issue somewhere, but most of our plant are operating much better than they used to. And also the currency, the peso in Argentina, has been helping us from a cost standpoint and is going to be a tailwind in 2016. Additionally, there is the price and mix. We have a very strong product line and technology for ethiomydroxide. We're one of the critical and leading supplier and that market is increased in a tight supply situation which allow us to right price the product. So all in all, pricing, mix, better operation and currency will be the driver in 2016. Around capacity, I think capacity decisions will be in line with our strategy. First of all, we're working very hard at debottle making our plants, especially lithiumhydroxide, to make sure we can supply our customers with the growth they need. From a capital investment standpoint, we believe our key competitors today have made decisions to increase lithium carbonates in a significant way, so we do not believe volume of lithium carbonate from FMC will be required to serve the market. There will be plenty of products and we will be able to have supply agreements on lithium carbonate from other companies. So we do not believe -- even with an improving situation in Argentina, we do not believe we need, going into 2017, to increase capacity in lithium carbonate -- keep [indiscernible] the plant. Where we're looking at capital spending to improve our sales is in the downstream specialty business in mosten [ph] lithium hydroxide. This is where most of the capital spending will go in the next two or three years.
Pierre Brondeau: Sure. Let me talk about the two deals. First of all, the one is Dow and DuPont. The consolidation of these two companies together will certainly create a very strong company with a very solid seed and chemicals portfolio, but honestly, this is two years away. You first need to have the time to get the approval from Dow and DuPont to merge as a single company. And once that is done, they need to do integration and then from integration they need to break up the company as they said into three companies and merge together the two ag business. So I believe it's an interesting decision which creates a very good company, but their impact on the market or the competitive landscape is still a couple of years away, so not a short term concern for us. The SYNGENTA Cheminova -- [indiscernible] ChemChina, sorry, the SYNGENTA ChemChina, my view is that it doesn't change much to the competitive landscape because if I understand well, through what I've read and what I've heard, SYNGENTA will be operating as a stand-alone company and instead of being a publicly-traded company, they will have a single shareowner which is ChemChina. So earnest ChemChina has a very fundamental push, a very fundamentally different strategy which, I don't think so, into SYNGENTA, we would be facing the same type of competition that we've been facing in the past. So my point of view at this stage, it's pretty much no change to the landscape for the next couple of years and we'll see what will happen two years down the road.
Pierre Brondeau: Our belief is this year is going to be a bit different from what we've seen in the past for a very specific reason. As I said in the prepared remarks, we believe that North America market has maybe a higher level of inventory than it used to have in the previous years and consequently the decisions to purchase or fear the growers or distributory inventory, are going to be made at the last minute. So we're going to have sales in North America much more spread over a Q1, Q2 and Q3 period than we used to have where people would really buy very strongly in advance in the fourth quarter. So the fact that we have a different profile in the first half of the year is purely due to North America and North America being an important region for us from an earnings standpoint. That's why it's spread in a more balanced way the earnings over the year. It is more that than the Cheminova impact. I remind you that Cheminova is very small. It's very small in North America.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. I think what we're looking at is the demand, the demand does not vary in our field in an enormous way. I think what will be resolving the issue is there is growth in demand, 2% or 3% every year, usually to resolve the end-market demand. And then start to use ratio should be decreasing in the next two years. We should start to show an increase in the commodity prices, together with the fact that today all of the ag chem companies, as you've seen in their performance, are selling less. So if you look, there is much more product on the ground, product which are put on the ground and product which are sold by the chemical industry into the market and that differential is what is decreasing the level of inventory. You just need strong weather or strong pest pressure combined with more product on the ground than the industry is selling and you could see a turn in 2017. But we're not operating under the assumption that it will be any turn in 2016. I think that's where we're focused and we're not assuming anything.
Pierre Brondeau: We don't break up the sales by quarter by region, but the inventory, we believe, North America actually has been less talked about from an inventory level compared to Brazil because Brazil was -- had an overwhelming impact because it was combining high inventory level and currencies. So when you put those two together, you have the dramatic situation from a business performance we've heard about. Obviously North America doesn't have the piece which is the currency impact, so we've thought less about it, but we've come quickly to realize that purely from an inventory standpoint, about the same phenomenon we have seen in Brazil is happening in North America. Commodity prices being low, growers were very cautious in term of planting decisions and purchasing decision, as their colleague were in Brazil. The crop protection industry kept on selling product and there was a point where there was more product going into the channel than product going on the ground and that creates, as in Brazil, a very elevated situation. Additionally insect pressure was not great in the previous year which has been creating even more of a problem. So all of that has been compiling the situation which, for us from an inventory and supply-chain standpoint, is very close to what we see in Brazil less the currency effect.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. I think it's the right way to look at it. I might not call that a deterioration, but the lack of improvement of the ag market in North America and maybe a pushing of the decision to [indiscernible] in the third quarter. But that's the right way to look at it which is the overall spread of business over three quarters and the lack of growth -- not growth, we believe the business will be down in North America year on year are raising the benefit from the Cheminova first quarter.
Pierre Brondeau: If you look at -- yes, part of your statement is correct, there is more of a spread over three quarters, that is correct. There is also, as I said, a market we expect to be down in North America. So we're expecting the market in North America to be down 5% to 10%, that would be a range. The two biggest down markets, that will be Brazil and North America. So you combine a spread of disune in [indiscernible] over three quarters together with a down market in North America, not in Europe, in North America of mid-single digit, that is what create the situation.
Pierre Brondeau: I think about the North America European business more balanced over three quarters than it is over the second quarter. So right now we don't want to go into starting to guide through 2Q Q3 because it start to be a very difficult exercise, especially when you're in the ag business. But I think we'll have more of the [indiscernible] of the sales over three quarters than we had in the past.
Pierre Brondeau: Here is what we believe. Our market strategy of participating into the pharmacy goal and nutraceutical market, has not changed. We're still going after all of these market high concentration and mid concentration product. What we're doing today is focusing more on supplying those market from one of the asset we have, rather than the high concentration [indiscernible] asset which we do not believe is an asset which is necessary today for us to participate in the pharmacical market. So it is not a change in the market we intend to participate in, but it's a change in our manufacturing strategy to serve those markets.
Pierre Brondeau: Not in 2016. I think pricing will be [indiscernible] for lithium carbonate in 2016 as most of the capacity increase already called for from a demand standpoint. Will there be some pricing pressure in 2017? We'll have to see what the demand is. But if it is a question -- and I cannot answer that right now, but if it is a question on pricing, it's a 2017 question.
Mark Douglas: No. I think the only thing I would add is we're keeping a close watch on stock-to-use ratios which shows very clearly where supply and demand is. We're seeing some change in key crops for us such as sugar cane, as sugar prices go up, as supply is reduced in the last few years. Those are the type of things we look for to sense any changes in our key markets, but I think everything else you said, Pierre, is very valid.
Mark Douglas: Talking about Europe, we talked a lot about the direct market access and where the growth is going to come from. We're already seeing that, as Pierre alluded to in the earlier part of this call. We're seeing now our -- primarily our herbicides from FMC getting pushed through the Cheminova pipeline. So we've gone direct in the UK now and we're also expanding into Spain. So we're seeing that geographic growth for herbicides that we wanted. Obviously we're introduced new fungicides across the region. So everything we thought of in Europe is coming true. The country managers, the sales force from Cheminova have embraced the portfolio from FMC and are now gearing up to put those products into the marketplace. So from my perspective, Europe is exactly where we thought it would be and, obviously, is going to be growth for us going forward. To the second part of your question on the insecticides, obviously we've had, especially in North America, probably three years of extremely low pest pressures across the U.S.. One could say that a warm winter would allow the pests to come back, but, frankly, we don't know. We're not forecasting a strong pest season. We tend to forecast an average season and see where that takes us, but we'll know more about that as we get into the end of Q1 and Q2, we'll get a better feel for that.
Mark Douglas: Argentina has been a good market for us despite some difficult conditions in getting import licenses. Our predominant market down there is preherbicides for soy. We're a market leader. With the Cheminova acquisition, we bring along more fungicides and insecticides that we can put through the channel. We're actually doing a couple of things to expand our presence in Argentina at the moment. First of all, is the consolidation of our market access with Cheminova. And then secondly, we're looking at expanding our supply chain in Argentina to more reflect what we do around the rest of the world in terms of toll manufacturing. We're actually going to be importing more active ingredients and formulating in country. That helps us two ways. First of all, it allows us to formulate products for Argentina on the ground, gives us more flexibility. And, secondly, it helps with our cost base which is in local currency. So we do see Argentina growing. It has been a good market for us over the last couple of years and we think our portfolio is ideally suited to where they're going. We're seeing weed-resistant acres continue to increase just like we do in the U.S.. So I'm very bullish on Argentina.
Mark Douglas: Yes, obviously dry conditions do not help fungicide use. We've seen a lot of variable conditions in Brazil. Fungicides for us is a smaller part of our portfolio, so we've not really been impacted that much. But you've got to balance that with other parts of Brazil have been very wet. So you're going to get good pressure there. So I'm not so sure that fungicides will be off a significant amount in Brazil.
Mark Douglas: Taking the first one, obviously extent is an important platform. We don't expect much impact in 2016, obviously given where we're, but we do see that as a growth aspect for us in 2017 and 2018 and going into 2019. So it's something we've invested a lot of time and effort in. We're a market leader in the preherbicide section in North America, so, yes, we do see that as a positive for us going forward. With Intacta, Intacta has had a lot of success in Brazil, obviously affects certain types of insecticides and not others. I think we've all been affected by lower spray amounts in Brazil. I expect that to continue. But we're seeing different types of pest pressure coming into Brazil. Certainly the piercing pests such as stink bugs, we're seeing much more activity in that area. So you've got a different mix going on in insecticides, but overall Intacta has definitely reduced the amount of sprays.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I mean, a lot of the countries where Cheminova have market access that we didn't, predominantly in Europe and parts of Asia, we actually had registrations already, so it allows us to move forward pretty quickly. That's the reason we got synergies in 2015 to be pretty quickly off the bat. And in 2016 as well. So from a registration standpoint we think we're well-placed. And then you ally that to the fact that our innovation platform is still obviously delivering on our formulation capabilities, we probably have somewhere close to 60 products we're launching around the world in 2016. Obviously you don't get a tremendous amount of revenue in the first year of a launch of a formulated product, but it goes to show that what we're doing on a formulation standpoint is continuing through these times in the ag space. We believe that innovation is going to be super critical for us as we go forward, so you see the growth not only from the synergies of FMC and Cheminova coming together, but the launch of new products as well into the marketplace.
Paul Graves: I think we've been pretty clear where we want to get our leverage down to which is the mid 2 to 3 times range. We're not there right now. So until we get to that point, whether that's through expansion EBITDA or pay down in debt, you should assume surplus cash is going to be deployed in that direction.
Paul Graves: Rosemarie, it's Paul. I would answer as follows, the restructuring is not a factor in this. The way we restructure and what we restructured was done very carefully, so it does not at all impact on our ability to collect. The factors that are driving our ability to collect are really driven more by market conditions and I don't necessarily just mean ag market conditions, but as much the financing market conditions down in Brazil where we're seeing a continued cautiousness on the part of the Brazilian grower to hold on to his liquid resources. A lack of confidence that financing will be there for them as they head into the next growing season is essentially across the board creating challenges to collection. Compounding on top of that, of course, as we've discussed, is the fact that the most leverage you have is when the grower has to buy new product. When you have pest pressures down and when you have excess inventory in the channel, it just makes that collection process even more difficult for us. I would say 2015 unfolded very much in the way we described. I think we talked at length about it being a multi-year program to reduce the receivables balance in Brazil and 2015 played out really exactly as we had expected. The next couple of quarters will be the next key benchmarks for it as we look at a collection in the first half of the year and for us, at least, heading through the back end of 2016 is the first time we'll be able to show real measurable progress down there in Brazil.
Paul Graves: We will certainly reduce it more in 2016 than we did in 2015. We did reduce it in Brazil in 2015, but not by a huge amount. So we definitely expect to make more progress on that in 2016.
