Andrew Sandifer: Thanks Mark. I’ll start this morning with a review of some key income statement items.  FX was a headwind to revenue growth in the first quarter, as expected, driven by weakness in European currencies, particularly the Turkish lira and euro. The Brazilian real was a tailwind in the quarter offsetting modest weakness in several Asian currencies. We continue to anticipate FX headwinds for the remainder of ’22 as the U.S. dollar is expected to appreciate against many currencies of importance to FMC. Interest expense for the first quarter was $29.9 million, down $2.5 million versus the prior year period primarily due to the refinancing activity completed in the fourth quarter of last year. For full year 2022, we now expect interest expense to be in the range of $125 million to $145 million, an increase of $10 million at the midpoint compared to our prior guidance, driven by more rapid increases in U.S. interest rates than previously anticipated.  Our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for the first quarter was 14%, in line with our continued expectation for a full year tax rate in the range of 13% to 15%.  Moving next to the balance sheet and liquidity, gross debt at quarter end was $3.8 billion, up roughly $600 million from year end. Gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was 2.7 times at the end of the first quarter, while net debt to EBITDA was 2.5 times. Both metrics are slightly above our targeted full year average leverage levels as expected, given the seasonal build of our working capital. We continue to expect to maintain full year average leverage in our targeted 2.4 to 2.5 times gross, or 2.3 to 2.4 times net ranges.  Moving onto cash flow on Slide 11, first quarter free cash flow of negative $664 million was in line with our expectations for this point in the year and reflects the strong seasonality of our working capital. Adjusted cash from operations was down more than $300 million compared to the prior year, driven by higher working capital partially offset by improvements in non-working capital items. Strong sales growth, higher application of customer prepayments, and lower payables were key drivers in increased cash consumption from working capital.  Capital additions and other investing activities of $55 million were up $16 million compared to the prior year as we continue to increase spending to catch up on deferred projects and to invest in our growth. Legacy and transformation spending was down primarily due to the absence of spend on our SAP program, which was completed last year.  For full year 2022, we continue to forecast free cash flow of $515 million to $735 million. Adjusted cash from operations is flat to the prior year at the high end of our guidance range, limited by working capital growth. Capacity increases especially to support our new products that are seeing rapid growth will drive higher capital additions. We continue to expect legacy and transformation to be a tailwind with somewhat lower legacy spending and minimal transformation expense expected in 2022. With this guidance, we anticipate free cash flow conversion from earnings of 67% at the midpoint.  Our capital allocation priorities remain: first, fully funding organic growth and pursuing inorganic growth through technology and market access M&A, then returning excess cash to shareholders through our growing dividend and share repurchases. We continue to anticipate strongly rewarding shareholders in 2022 with dividends of around $270 million and share repurchases of $500 million to $600 million. We paid dividends of $67 million during the quarter. Given our cash flow and leverage, we did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter. With that, I’ll hand the call back to Mark.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes Joel, it’s Andrew. Let me take that one. Look, I think Mark commented earlier, we moved price very aggressively in Q1 because we see this continuing surge of cost inflation, so we probably--you know, we did have a stronger comparison and a positive comparison between price and cost, overall cost, not just COGS in the first quarter that will not carry through the full year. I think you also have to remember that Q1 of ’21 was a relatively weak quarter for us. It was a down quarter in revenue which, given the fixed costs we have in SG&A and R&D, resulted in a weaker comparison for margin, so while we’re certainly pleased to see a positive EBITDA margin comparison Q1 ’22 versus Q1 ’21, just given the magnitude of price movement to offset costs we’re talking about, the mathematical dilution of margins is pretty substantial. If we dollar for dollar offset cost increases with price increases, we’re going to have a reducing percentage margin - it’s just math, and you see that effect get more and more pronounced as you get into the latter part of the year, continued very high levels of cost increase, but then offsetting that with very strong price increases. Unfortunately, that net-net is on a percentage margin dilutive. The pattern you’re seeing is not unexpected. We do expect to see tougher comparisons on the EBITDA margin percent in the second half, but I do think it speaks well for the long term future here, which is eventually costs will level off. I don’t believe we’re in a position to call a bend in the curve. As Mark’s highlighted, there’s certainly a number of uncertainties particularly around logistics and ocean freight coming in and out of China at the moment that don’t suggest that we’ve reached the bend in that curve yet, but there is a bend that will come and with the stickiness of pricing in our industry, that will be the opportunity to see percentage margin begin to expand and recover. But for the rest of this year, I think that the formula is clear - we price aggressively, we move to offset COGS inflation, we use volume and mix to offset FX as well as any investments in our SG&A and R&D growth, and overall deliver what we believe to be a very strong full year performance in very challenging times.
Andrew Sandifer: We don’t. Look Tony, I would say that I think our SG&A as a percentage of sales was probably a bit light in Q1 relative to what you should expect in Q2. 
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Just some dimensions for you on Russia and Ukraine, between the two countries there’s about $100 million in revenue in 2021, about 70% Russia, 30% Ukraine. The Russian business, we did operate in the first quarter. What was built into our budgets for the remaining three quarters of the year was about $20 million to $25 million of EBITDA contribution from the Russian business, so that’s the headwind we’ve got to address with either redirecting the material not longer being sent to that market to other markets, or finding other opportunities. That’s certainly a part of our upside-downside discussion that Mark went through in his prepared comments about the guidance for this year.  Regarding Ukraine, as Mark mentioned, we are operating. We do not expect to hit our initial expectations for the year, but the business is operating and we’re continuing to ship, and we will continue to support Ukrainian farmers to the best we can.  I do think you should expect that we will take a restructuring charge in the second quarter for the exit of the Russia business. We are not in a position right now to finalize that number given that we’re still in the process of finalizing the exact pieces of our exit there, but there will be a largely non-cash restructuring charge in the second quarter to reflect the exit of the Russia business. 
Mark Douglas: Thank you Andrew. Our first quarter performance in combination with the guidance to Q2 reflects FMC’s ability to mitigate cost increases through pricing actions and to fulfill robust demand and the challenging supply conditions. Our new product introductions continue to gain momentum with over 30% of expected full year revenue growth coming from products introduced in the last five years. Our global plant health business continue its impressive growth trajectory led by biologicals. 2022 is proving to be one of the most challenging years, even considering all we’ve had to manage since 2019. Our continued success stems from our strong customer focus, the way FMC’s cross-functional teams are overcoming headwinds, and finally the strength of our robust technology and new product pipeline. All these attributes will serve us well through the remainder of the year. I’ll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Mark Douglas: Yes Vincent, thank you. Mix for us resides in volume, so what you’re seeing in price is all actual price invoiced to the marketplace. Listen, I think we’ve been very clear as we went through the second half of last year, we started moving price in North America actually in Q2 and then raised in other regions as we went through the year. I think you can see that in our results as pricing continued to build.  What we realized as we were going through Q4 was that costs were going to come in significantly higher than we had forecasted internally as we entered 2022, so we made the decision that not only would we raise prices in markets that were active at that point but also getting ready for other markets around the world, so what you saw was really a broad-based move by FMC across pretty much every country to really drive price in anticipation of costs, and you could see that in the quarter - pricing was higher than costs in the quarter. It’s not going to look like that in every quarter as we go forward.  If you will recall, we did say that we expected price to offset COGS impact of inflation and availability throughout the year. We still maintain that. What you should see through our results, though, is that our pricing is much higher than we anticipated because that impact of the supply disruptions and cost in general is still flowing through the business, so we need that cost - make no mistake, and the commercial groups are very active in the marketplace. If we continue to see disruptions in costs, we will continue to move price. I think that’s something that’s very important not only for FMC but for the industry in general. Things are not getting better out there. When I think about what we’re seeing, I don’t think we’ve seen the full impact of COVID yet in China, all the lockdowns that we see. We’re having supply disruptions in China probably as bad as they’ve been in the past. What worries me more is the logistics out of China, the amount of freight that is trapped in the major ports in China. Just the amount of freight--ships that are stuck outside China suggests that that wave is yet to come, so we’re getting ahead of the curve. I think that’s the right thing to do. Pricing is the main tool. Now, that’s not to say we’re not managing costs internally - we alluded to that in the call. We did move SG&A lower through actions that we took. Some of that flowed into Q2 from our forecast, but then you look at the first half, it’s a very strong first half.
Mark Douglas: Yes, thanks Laurent. When you look at the market today, we view the market obviously as a positive backdrop - soft commodity prices are high, stock to use ratios are very low, almost at 10-year lows in some cases, so we know many of the regions that are entering their planting seasons now are going to plant as much as they possibly can. Allied to that is the fact that to get the most yield, you will want to use the best products.  Now, one thing that is often misunderstood is pricing is not necessarily related to value. Generics sell on price. We sell on value, so the usage of our products enables greater productivity and yield gains than you can get with other types of products, and that’s proven to be true as we’ve gone through numerous cycles. When I think back to 2008 and 2009 in this business, the ag business performed extremely well - why? Because people want to get the highest yields they can and they tend to use the best technologies to do that. We’re seeing that with demand for our products. Think about the comments I made about--you know, we’re going to have $600 million of revenue this year from products introduced in the last five years. That tells you that the newer products are the best ones to use to get that yield. We don’t see people reducing sprays at this point. We think applications will continue as normal. Remember, if you have insect pressure, you have a choice to make - you either remove the insects or you lose your crop. That’s very important when it comes to actual usage of products. Our backdrop is positive, we believe the markets will continue like this certainly this year and probably into next year as well. We don’t see anything on the horizon that will change that, so from our perspective, it is making sure that we can get those high quality newer technologies to the marketplace certainly in the right time frame, given all the disruptions we’re seeing.
Mark Douglas: Yes, in the U.S. we started to raise prices last year in Q2, so it should be a little more muted as we go through Q2 and then certainly into Q3 and into Q4. Latin America is not really an impact in Q2, a small amount, but you’ll see that much more in Q3, certainly in Q4. Really, I would focus on North America in Q2 on price; everywhere else will be catching up as we lap ourselves in Q3 and Q4.
Mark Douglas: Yes, thanks Josh. Listen, the playbook is pretty similar for us. Procurement and supply chain work hand-in-hand basically on a daily basis to understand the flow of goods, and you have to remember, you obviously read about the major lockdown in Shanghai but I believe something like 330 million people are in lockdown all over the country and that’s changing day to day, so we’re navigating day to day movement of goods from one facility to another or movement of goods to ports and out of the country. That’s not dissimilar to what we’ve been doing over the last two to three years in China. We are seeing more congestion at the ports given just the amount of lockdowns, so it’s a case of not just manufacturing the products in China or getting the mediates or fine chemicals, but then getting the product out of China. That’s where we’re keeping a very close eye on what is happening with logistics. We’re using different ports to traditional ports that we would use. We are using more air freight to get product out in time. I don’t think it’s anything what I would call different to what we’ve managed over the last two or three years, but the intensity is certainly higher than it has been as we have gone through Q4 and into Q1.
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure Joel. Listen, we’re anchored on $1.4 billion of EBITDA for a reason - it is the highest probability we see for the results for this year. It is a range that we’ve put in place and it’s there deliberately. The world is not simple right now and I think everybody knows that, but certainly when we were together on the February call, we had this view and we haven’t really changed it. In fact, if anything, with the Ukraine war situation, it has probably got worse from that perspective, plus the COVID-19 lockdowns in China are worse than they were before, so you can see rationally why we kept the range wide. It doesn’t mean to say that we’re still not anchored on the 1.4 - we are. You’re right - if things were to move to the upper end of this range, we would have to see a better mix, even more pricing than we’ve got today, and costs perhaps mitigating themselves with less FX impact. That’s a lower probability than where we are at 1.4. Also equally is a lower probability of the 1.32 at the low end of the range, and we have to believe that things would get so severe that we couldn’t offset that by a price or that the market demand weakens because of significant weather issues in regions. I think the upper end is a low probability but so is the low end - that’s why we’re anchored on that 1.4 at the middle. When you see what we put there around the market growth, the strong demand, they’re all relevant. We are getting the mid single digit price increases. Costs are elevated - we see that, but we are mitigating that. FX is a headwind, but once again we’re mitigating that with volume, which we have said we always would do, and then we’re trying to manage those supply disruptions.  The only new one there is Russia and Ukraine and we’re managing that, so you can see why we still kept the range wide, but there is a lower probability at each end of that range and a much higher probability in the middle. 
Mark Douglas: Yes, thanks Chris. The diamides are growing pretty much as we’ve said they would grow - they’re in the high single digits. We saw that in Q1, we’ll see that through the rest of the year. When you look at our overall growth rates for the year, you can see that the rest of the portfolio is also growing strongly. Plant health, we talk about a lot because the biological investment there is going really, really well. I would say that when I think about on average of, what, somewhere around 7% revenue growth, the rest of the portfolio is growing in that mid single digits-plus and the new products that we’re introducing are growing much faster than that. We have about a 1.5% drag on the portfolio just because of registration losses. It’s been a little lower in the first half of this year, it might be a little lower than that full year, maybe 1% range, but it’s about the right place to be. You can see that the portfolio overall is performing very well. I talked about the $600 million of revenue from the products in the last five years, but I think it’s the growth rate of that that’s occurring. It was $400 million last year, it’s $600 million this year - that means we got $200 million of brand-new growth, so that’s what we should be focused on and that is coming from not only the big products that we launch, whether it’s a fluindapyr fungicide or an Isoflex herbicide, those are the bigger products that are in the multi-hundred million dollars range when they reach their peak size. What often gets overlooked is the amount of work we do on brand-new formulations that come to market every year. Last year, I think we had something like $170 million, $180 million of products introduced within the year. It’s slightly less than that this year, but it’s still substantial. Don’t underestimate the value that that brings. Those products are new, they are coming to market at higher margins so you’re improving the mix, so it’s all three things for us. It’s the core, it’s the local formulations that we do in our research facilities around the world, it’s the very large pipeline products that come through, and obviously the diamides continue in that high single digit range. 
Mark Douglas: Yes, look - as we think further forward on the diamides, not only are we growing ourselves, our new partner sales are growing nicely as well, roughly at the same rate that we are internally to FMC. Obviously we’re taking new products into new markets with new registrations, our partners are doing the same, but we are taking market share in insecticides with the diamides. When you look at some of the older chemistries, whether it be the neonicotinoids or whether it be the carbamates, and now some of the other chemistries also coming under pressure - in fact, some of our own chemistries coming under pressure, we’re losing registrations of Indoxacarb in Europe this year, which is a great molecule but doesn’t fit the profile for the EU. That churn is happening in the industry and we are taking advantage of that. We expect that to continue. It is one of the growth drivers for the diamides as we look forward for the next 10 years. That will not slow down; in fact, you could argue the replacement of older technologies will accelerate as we go through time, especially in jurisdictions like Europe, so it is a positive for us. We see it that way and we have taken advantage of it, and we’ll continue to do so. 
Mark Douglas: Thanks Tony. Listen, you heard me comment earlier about the fact that we sell value, and that’s something that we have always done and will continue to do. When you look at some of the chemistries in this space, they are very commoditized and almost index-linked - you can think of the non-selective herbicides, which move up very quickly and they move down very quickly. Our portfolio historically has never done that, and you could argue that with the portfolio as it is today, it is even less likely to move quickly. It’s taken us a while to get to this point. We didn’t recover all the costs last year. Our intent I when we come out of this cycle that our margins will have in fact improved because of all the efforts that we’ve put in place with regards to SAP, etc. Our plan over the long haul is to make sure that these prices are sticky by selling the value aspect of the portfolio. We don’t have the non-selective herbicides, we don’t have that large generic portfolio, so we do not expect to have that large swing in prices when we come through the other side of this.
Mark Douglas: Yes, thanks Arun. Listen, next year is the last year of our five-year plan. We’re tracking well on revenue, right in the middle of the range. We are slightly below on EBITDA, but as Andrew and I were discussing the other day, since ’18 through ’21, we’ve had over $600 million of costs and FX headwinds and we’re only just slightly below the lower end of the range. Look, I’m not going to guide ’23 - it is way too early to guide ’23, but there’s no reason to believe that if the situation starts to normalize, that we wouldn’t be in that 7% to 9% range. We’re obviously not going to cover the gap that we’ve had over the last couple of years, so we will likely end up somewhere at the low end of that range at the end of the five-year plan - commendable results, to say the least, given everything that we’ve had, and frankly this year’s cost and FX is higher than we’ve seen at any point of the last five year in terms of this plan, so we’re swimming against a very strong tide and right at the edge of our range. We do feel that the company has performed well since 2018 on both metrics. After 2023, we are going to be putting together a new long range plan. Whatever timeline that takes, we will make that decision. We would expect to come out with a new long range plan towards the end of 2023, where we’ll be public with where the company is going over what time frame, but for now we’re just sticking with where we are and obviously that 7% to 9% EBITDA range is what we’d be aiming for for next year.
Mark Douglas: I think from a portfolio perspective, I think you’ve got all the pieces of information that we’ve given out in terms of the pipeline growth, the diamides longer term view, the portfolio itself, the core portfolio. At this point in time, obviously we’re always looking at M&A from a technology perspective. They tend to play out over the long haul, it wouldn’t impact the near term, but we are looking at a number of items on the technology side of M&A. I don’t think there’s anything there that we have that you don’t have in terms of trying to model where the future growth of the company is. I think obviously as we go through this planning cycle, we’ll have a much better view at the end of ’23 around where the company will be going over the next decade. 
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure. Thank you. Generally speaking, we are not concerned about channel inventories. There are a couple pockets in the world, one we alluded to, which is India - in Q4, weather patterns were not great and there is a reduction in rice acres in India, and you saw some of the comments about strong growth in ASEAN and Australia offset by India. We’re taking the opportunity to reduce our channel inventories in India at the beginning of the year. We expect that to normalize pretty quickly as we go through the first half here. Outside of that, northern hemisphere, I don’t think we’re carrying excess inventories as we’re going into the channel, into the season. Recommendations from our group are that we expect normal pest pressures for the year going forward in Europe and in the U.S. here, so we’re not seeing anything that we would say is concerning at all. They seem pretty normal to us. In Latin America for us, normal. Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, [indiscernible] we’re where we should be at this point in the season. Demand has been very good for us. Our growth rates are in line with how we’re penetrating the market. You’ll recall on the call here, I just talked about the fact that we’ve been spending a lot of time and effort improving our market access into the soy complex in Brazil, and that’s where our growth is coming from, whether it be with insecticides or some of the newer herbicides that we have in place. We’re not worried about where our inventory levels at all in Brazil or Argentina. 
Mark Douglas: Yes, listen - we’ve gone through a period of very low growth in the ag sector over the last, I would say, last three to four years. Let’s take a step back and look at what is happening on soft commodity prices, what would you have to believe that would drive soft commodities right now. I mean, certainly the Russia-Ukraine situation is driving cereals, you’ve had weather impacts in Latin America last season in the south of Brazil, north of Argentina. We’re watching weather very closely around the world - there is always a weather impact somewhere to disrupt the market, that’s just a fact of life. You’ve got to believe that soft commodities right now are going to stay elevated, and that being the case, that’s a generally a good backdrop for us as crop protection input providers. We’re looking at ’23 as--it is very early, we’re only in the start of May, but we’re looking at ’23 as an extension of ’22. That’s how we’re thinking of it right now. It should be a positive backdrop. We don’t see any negatives out there that are going to fundamentally shift this, so ’23 should be a good year.
Mark Douglas: Yes Mike, we’ve talked about this subject before. I always allude back to the 2015 time frame when we bought Cheminova - prior to that, we were about 95% to 90% dependent ton China for pretty much all the raw materials, intermediates, fine and speciality chemicals. We’ve been working and we’ve had a program to really ensure that we have a balanced supply chain of manufacturing footprint around the world, not only with the Cheminova acquisition but with the Dupont acquisitions as well, and today we’re probably in that 43%, 45% range dependent upon China. Our aim is to get that to sub-40% within the next year or so. We’ve done a very good job of setting up manufacturing with the assets, whether it be in India or Europe.  We’ve shifted some toll manufacturing into Europe and Mexico, as an example, to feed Brazil. We will continue to do that. It is something that, frankly, is never-ending. I would like to get it into the 30% range. I don’t know whether my manufacturing and procurement people would agree with that, but I think if we could get China dependency on 30%-plus would be almost ideal for us, with a good balance between India and Europe and the U.S. being the rest. I think we’d be in great shape by then.
