Michael Wherley: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to FMC Corporation's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Pierre Brondeau, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Mark Douglas, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Andrew Sandifer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Pierre will review FMC's fourth quarter performance and provide the outlook for 2019 and the first quarter. Andrew will provide an overview of select financial results, and then all three will address your questions. The slide presentation that accompanies our results, along with our earnings release and 2019 outlook statement, are available on our Web site and the prepared remarks from today's discussion will be made available after the call. Finally, let me remind you that today's presentation discussion will include forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties concerning specific factors, including but not limited to those factors identified in our press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information presented represents our best judgment based on today's information. Actual results may vary based upon these risks and uncertainties. Today's discussion and the supporting materials will include references to adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted cash from operations and free cash flow, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please note that earnings shall mean adjusted earnings and EBITDA shall mean adjusted EBITDA for all income state references. A reconciliation and definition of these terms as well as other non-GAAP financial terms to which we may refer during today's conference call are provided on our Web site. With that, I will now turn the call over to Pierre.
Michael Wherley: Thank you, Pierre. As Livent has just had its own conference call, we’ll keep this Q&A session primarily focused on our Ag business. Operator, you can now begin the Q&A.
Michael Wherley: Thanks. That’s all the time we have for the call today. As always, I’m available following the call to address any additional questions you may have. Thank you and have a good day.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Andrew. All is in place for FMC to deliver a strong 2019 as a pure play agricultural sciences company with above market growth. Quarterly earnings in 2019 will be atypical because of cost pressure in the first half of the year. The first quarter itself will see nearly 60% of the full year raw material costs increase and FX impact. Q2 will continue to see strong headwinds with relief in the second half of the year. We are highly confident in our ability to recover a large part of these adverse costs through the year and deliver 5% revenue growth with 7% EBITDA growth. Our high confidence is driven by the current work on price increases, which is going well and the fact that cost pressure from raw materials will decrease considerably in the second half of the year. We are also highly confident that we will deliver EPS growth of at least 8%. I will now turn the call back to Michael Wherley.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. Right now as I said in the previous remarks, we are in a good place from supply of active ingredients from China all over units as well as all over toll processors currently functioning, and we were able to quickly rebuild the safety stock which are needed for us to operate and we’re able to do all of that at a faster pace than expected in the fourth quarter. From a situation in China today, there is still the same pressure around environmental issues, but it is I must say calmer and more organized approach. I think this approach which was a bit at time surprising with one bad actor [ph] in an industrial park and everybody shutdown is going away to a much more targeted and rationale approach. So right now the situation has changed. It is also one of the reasons for which we have so much certainty around our ability to deliver on targeted earnings for the year is because we have a very good view of raw material active ingredient price increase which will be in the first year, but we already have the contacts in place for what will be coming into manufacturing in the first half and sell in the second half in terms of pricing. So all of that is very clear now for the year. From a strategy standpoint, as Mark has said many times before, China remains very important to our active ingredient supply but we are looking at diversification in the U.S., increasing the capacity of some of our plants in Europe where we do have active ingredient plant also and capability, we’re increasing our ability to supply from there and also India. So yes, we will tend to diversify our active ingredient supply in the future.
Pierre Brondeau: Sure. Let me start around mixture and then I’ll move that to Mark who will give you details. But absolutely we do have a full strategy around mixtures and signed the right partners for Rynaxypyr sales. First of all for normal growth and that’s what we do at FMC. We use formulations for growth but also for our patent extension strategy. Now you do not see these formulations impacting '19 sales or even '20 because every time you do create those new formulations you do have to go to the full registration process. So depending upon the countries and the regions, it could be from two years to four, five years. So that is the process we are going through. All of these products are currently in development with a very active portfolio. Mark, you want to add a couple of things.
Pierre Brondeau: Listen, really your question in North America around pulling – and I think the question for us would apply to any region of the world. There was a very strong performance of all of our regions from a growth standpoint, even including Asia. It does not look like there was a very strong pull, but we do believe customers were anxious to procure our product. They have all heard about the tension around China, even if they all understand today that it is quite stable. So could there be some? I couldn’t say no. But in all regions, we saw very healthy sales, especially in Latin America. Slight pull by customers to make sure they will be supplied, possible, but nothing which jumped at us in Latin America.
Pierre Brondeau: One additional statement around your question around Latin American and potential pull, I can guarantee you that following our experience in 2016, we are keeping a very, very close eye on inventory and we are doing a physical check of our inventory at customers, at distributors and in-house. And we are in a good place today with a very normal inventory level in the supply chain of FMC products.
Pierre Brondeau: Understand that we cannot do a breakout of price/volume on a year-on-year because we can only do it on the FMC product and most of the growth came from the DuPont product. We do not have the information to do EBITDA year-on-year or volume/price mix on the DuPont products. So we believe a very large part of what we did was driven by volume and most of the price increase was focused on Latin America to overcome the currency. But we do not have a geological, like we have for '19, geological breakdown.
Pierre Brondeau: So '19, what we have is for the full year we believe we’re going to have an FX impact of about negative 3%. We’re going to have a price mix – on revenues, I’m talking, okay – the price mix of about positive 3% and a volume of 5%.
Pierre Brondeau: So your price mix offsetting your FX. If you go to EBITDA, the drivers are a bit different because of course you have FX and costs, but volume would be on your EBITDA growth driving 9%.
Pierre Brondeau: Actually, let me take that opportunity about the question to elaborate a little bit why we have a bit of a very high confidence around our target despite the fact that a lot of the earnings are coming into the second half. First, to answer your question on currency, we’re taking the forward values for currency and we have a very significant part of our currency exposure which is hedged, like every year. So we have the same hedging process we have every year in place. And like last year, we’re going to make a decision I would say most likely in the next four weeks, if we do the additional hedging for Brazil. If you would ask me to guess right now, I would say yes, most likely we’re going to go with the same approach for Brazil as we did last year. There is a little upfront cost but we believe it’s giving us much more certainty. So I feel pretty strong around hedging. The current programs we have in place and the next one we’re going to most likely take for Brazil will put us in a very predictable situation. For the raw materials, which is the other part, we saw the increase which is primarily I think the first half coming from raw materials which we have contracted and use in manufacturing last year. Those are the products which are sold in the first half. What we have procured and contracted for the second half is already done at a pricing which is lower than what we saw in the first half and actually pretty neutral versus the prior year. So we have a very strong visibility around our costs in the second half of the year.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. Actually, Frank, it’s a good question. I should have said that. It’s a very simple factor. It’s supply from China. The specialty chemical industry for the ag industry is mostly coming from China. China went to a pretty abrupt approach to the environmental issues last year, which created a lot of shutdown and shortage on raw material supply and active ingredients supply. Those were the products we were procuring at that time to manufacture them in the end of 2018 and sell them in the first half of 2019. Now, everything has been reorganized. The shutdowns are not so visible or high than they were last year. The supply has normalized. There is less emergency shipment. So we are much more back to a normal situation. So the products which are being contracted and sold now are contracted under a normal supply from China. So we are back to a normal level of inventory, normal supply and back to normal quantity available which gets the price back to normal.
Pierre Brondeau: I will say yes and yes. I think the 150 is all cost. And certainly especially in the first half when we’re going to move to 2020, we should have a very favorable year-on-year comparison because as far as we see today with a more normalized situation from the supply standpoint, we will not have in the first half of 2020 the raw material headwind. So we’re going to like our comp in the first half of 2020 much better than we do right now.
Pierre Brondeau: No, I think you’re correct. I think usually contribution margin – it’s going to depend which region and which product, but quite a few of our insecticides or other products do have a profit on sales which is north of 60%. And when you’re growing, because we are not adding resources, it drops straight to the EBITDA line, to the earnings line. Now we don’t see it in the full P&L this year as we should, because of the FX and raw material issue but your calculation is correct.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Chris, when you look at our pipeline we predominately showed in December, we feel very confident that the pipeline we have stacks up extremely well with anybody else in the industry. When you think about having six products in development, that means within the next few years those six products are going to come to market, three within our five-year plan timeline, the first one already out this year. And then the 16 products that we have in discovery that continue to evolve and as Pierre said in the script, we moved one of those discovery molecules which is an insecticide into development. That’s a very good sign that when we make those strategic decisions moving from discovery to development that’s when we start to spend significant amounts of money. So we’re very confident that that new insecticide will hit the market mid next decade. So we feel very good about where our pipeline is but more importantly we feel good about what is coming through into that pipeline from discovery. We have a tremendous amount of new leads that we’re developing down in Stine and I fully expect that that discovery pipeline will continue to expand over the next few years.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Steve your question around the insecticides versus the rest of the portfolio for us, yes. When you look at our portfolio, we’re one of the world leaders in terms of insecticides and we’re very happy with that situation. Pest pressure continues to expand around the world, especially in Asia. But if you look at our pipeline, if you think of the development molecules, they’re all fungicides and herbicides. And then a few were the exception of the new insecticide we just put into development. If you look at the discovery pipeline of 16 molecules, 11 of them are herbicides and fungicides. So as we’ve talked about many times, we’re very active from a discovery and development perspective to rebalance that portfolio. And of course, we are talking to other parties around expanding the use of fungicides and herbicides. So I’m very confident that we have the right programs in place to help sort of rebalance or continue to grow the portfolio, but I’m not unhappy with where we are within insecticides right now.
Mark Douglas: Yes, you’re right. In Europe, France, Germany, Russia were very strong for us. Good mix. I would say from a weakness perspective, the UK was certainly weak, certain parts of southern Europe as well but far outweighed by the other areas. And I have to say the other areas are growing very quickly, mainly because of the things we’ve done over the last few years with direct market access. That’s been an important element of our growth in Europe, continues to be so. And certainly in France, where we now have a much stronger presence with a much broader portfolio, we see them growing very well.
Mark Douglas: Yes, first of all, Asia. Asia is one of the fastest growing parts of the world, especially in India. We have a very good market access model in India. The portfolio has grown. We’re introducing some of our herbicides from around the world. We have a new formulation in India, which is a mixture of Sulfentrazone and Clomazone, which has specifically targeted the sugarcane industry where we’ve not had herbicide growth before, but we have tremendous market access. So we’re very confident that we’re going to see that business grow. And then I would shift to parts of Latin America. Argentina last year was a very down market. We continue to see growth with insecticides but also with our pre-emergent herbicides. And then Brazil; we continue to take share in soy with our insecticide portfolio, not just the acquired diamide portfolio but the FMC formulations as well. And then I would say in parts of Europe where we see that strong market access and growth.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Mark, it’s a good question. The business has changed a lot over the last few years. I’ll throw some numbers out for you just so you can get a feel for how 2018 played out. And 2019 is probably going to be pretty similar so this is I would guess a new norm for us. If you look by region, North America has about 60% of the revenue in the first half of the year. Latin America has 70% in the second half of the year. Europe has 70% in the first half and Asia has about 55% to 60% in the first half. So you can see we have some very big swings in terms of where our business comes from. And as Andrew said, that is obviously going to impact what you see on a quarterly and semiannual basis. So just bear those numbers in mind and I would say 2019 will be very similar to that going forward.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Mike, it’s Mark. Similar to what I just answered the other question with regarding the seasonality in the halves, if you looked at Q3 in 2018, it was our slowest quarter. You’ll see that similar trend again. It won’t really change. Q1, Q2 are the highest quarters followed by Q4 and then Q3. You should not expect to see that change. There shouldn’t be material shifts unless there is some major weather impact in one of the regions. People are talking about what’s going to happen in North America this year. Will the spring come early? Will it come late? Well, obviously planting occurs right around that Q1/Q2 border. So who knows? We plan for a normal year when we do our forecasting. Same thing in Brazil with late September being the planting season, that swings between Q3 and Q4. So those are the kind of bridges you have to watch for.
Mark Douglas: Yes, thanks, Mike. I’m certainly not intending to leave North America out of the mix given the scale of its importance to us. I think you’re going to see a couple of areas where we continue to grow. First of all, the whole pre-emergent herbicide space; I think you know that we have a very large position in that area. We’re introducing new products and cannibalizing our own product range, which allows us to lift up value to distribution, retail and growers while introducing new technologies to us which allows us to keep ahead of the competition. So that’s one area. Second area is obviously our insecticide portfolio and when you look at our growth in specialty and niche crops in California and Florida, that’s an area that we see as significant potential for us. And then the third one that we don’t talk a lot about but is quietly growing for us and nicely so is our herbicide portfolio in the corn segment. We are introducing new products there. You’ll see us continue in that area. It helps our balance with soy especially in a year like this where there may be swings between soy and corn. And then last but not least, obviously fungicides. We’re introducing a brand new fungicide. We have two others that are growing nicely on more niche crops. So I think if you take those areas together, you’ll see us continue to outpace the market in the U.S. and Canada.
Mark Douglas: No. Laurence, listen, the regulatory environment that we work in is an extremely stringent one anyway. You’re not allowed mixtures of insecticides in Europe. The neonics have been removed in Europe and that’s created opportunities for more targeted insecticides, like our diamides. So we’re not seeing anything that I would say is out of the ordinary with regards to insecticides. In fact, I could argue that the technology players that are introducing newer, more targeted chemistries will continue to take market share in those markets.
Mark Douglas: It tends to be more quicker depending on the space of which the product is removed by the regulatory authorities. If it’s very quick, then obviously growers need something that they can use to combat the pest pressures. You can step into those spaces rather quickly. But it does generally take that four to five-year timeframe to get the whole market moving.
