Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to FMC Corporation's second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Pierre Brondeau, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; and Andrew Sandifer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. Pierre will review FMC's second quarter performance and provide the outlook for 2018 and the third quarter. Andrew will provide an overview of select financial results. The slide presentation that accompanies our results, along with our earnings release and the 2018 outlook statement are available on our website; and the prepared remarks from today's discussion will be made available after the call. Mark Douglas, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Graves, CEO, FMC Lithium, will then join to address questions. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's discussion will include forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties concerning specific factors, including, but not limited to those factors identified in our release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information presented represents our best judgment based on today's information. Actual results may vary based upon these risks and uncertainties. Today's discussion will focus on adjusted earnings for all income statement and EPS references. A reconciliation and definition of these terms as well as any other non-GAAP financial terms to which we may refer during today's conference call are provided on our website. With that, I will now turn the call over to Pierre.
Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: Thank you, Pierre. As we're in a quiet period for the Lithium business, we're happy to answer questions on the first half performance of that business. But we're very limited in what we can say about the future, so we may choose not to answer some forward-looking questions at this time. Please frame your questions in that light. Operator, you can now begin the Q&A.
Michael Wherley - FMC Corp.: It's all the time that we have for the call today. As always, I'm available following the call to address any questions you may have. Thank you and have a good day.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Andrew. First, a comment on the Lithium separation. We remain on track to IPO Livent this October. We made a confidential filing with the SEC in June, and we will file a public version of the S-1 in late August. Securities laws require us to reduce the commentary we provide on the Lithium business now that we are within 30 days of its public filing. Therefore, we will not be able to undertake substantial Q&A on the Lithium business today. We feel very good about the direction FMC is headed as we move to becoming a standalone agricultural sciences company. The business delivered another strong quarter, and we have high confidence on our second half estimate. Our full year pro forma revenue growth will be significantly above the market growth rate in 2018, and our disciplined approach to cost will help drive an EBITDA margin approaching 30% for the full year. The integration of the acquired business is progressing very well, and our SAP implementation is on track for the end of 2019, which will drive significant margin improvement from 2020 and beyond. Growth synergies are being realized faster than we would have expected nine months ago as our new portfolio is gaining well adoption with our strategic customers. We expect to outperform the crop protection market for the foreseeable future. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to remind you we are hosting an Investor Day in New York on December 3rd and we hope to see many of you there. I will now turn the call back to Michael Wherley.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Now, let me finish to answer your broad question around Q3. Something I want to be – to make very clear. Q3 is always a difficult quarter to predict. We do have today – you could see, and I'm not forecasting, it's hypothetical, but you could easily see $40 million or $50 million in Latin America or specifically in Brazil shifting from Q4 to Q3. We have a very strong cotton season ahead of us, and the customers might decide to secure supply earlier, and that would create a shift in the buying pattern. If that will happen, we would rebalance the growth rate of Q3 and Q4 to a level which are much more in the same range. Finally, I hope I was clear in my explanation around what we are facing, pure integration process. We knew about it. But there is a few countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam or a site in Brazil where there is a delayed transfer to the company. We knew about it. That creates a blackout in sales. Those sales are not lost. The orders are taken, but the sales will be delivered and accounted for in Q4. So, that comes and creates more noise and creates a lower Q3 than we should have.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So, most of the contract negotiations for us for any business we have under contract is done in the back end of the year. So, we have very little contract negotiation in the first half of the year. So, today, as we said for hydroxide, carbonate and even metal price are up over 20% year-on-year. We participate very little in the lithium carbonate spot market. But I can tell you for our sales (31:41) between Q1 and Q2, sequentially, pricing are also up for hydroxide and carbonate. So we are seeing sequential up pricing as well as very strong year-on-year pricing.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I'll take the first part, and Mark will take the second part on the new technology. I think, yes, we had a very strong first half and that was driven by the demand on our insecticide. We believe Rynaxypyr, Cyazypyr are still the benchmark molecules in the insecticide market, and they grew 24%. So, we believe that the quality of the portfolio plus the customer synergies are creating a very significant market share gain. We actually – the overall portfolio of FMC in the first half grew also a healthy 17%. So, we believe we are in very strong position now. When you move in H2, and I think the right way to look at this business within H1, H2, there is – we foresee a deceleration versus H1. It is mostly because, as we said before, the DuPont acquired business is much more of an H1 business, and that business is growing faster than the legacy FMC business. So, if you look at the Latin America and Brazil, the growth will be driven a lot by the herbicide and insecticide from the FMC portfolio and to some extent, the acquired business, but less. That is why we do have an 11% growth rate in the first half, and we would expect to be more in the 7% range in the second half of the year.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. If you look at the – right now, at the numbers for revenue in Q3, we have about $200 million differential in the two quarters from the sales. Yeah, $140 million differential between the two quarters in Q3 and Q4. So, that is a bigger differential than we've seen in the past, and it's a big – if you remove the impact of the blackout sales, we are not talking about $100 million of blackout sales. We are talking about tens of millions of dollars. So, I think every $10 million is about 1%. So, if you have a few $10 millions, you can bring another 2% or 3% more in a quarter. So, that's the kind of shift we are talking about.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No. It's more of a sale recognition. It's just – when we have the orders, and we do have the product, the only question is if we can – so, we have a firm order, we have the product, it's only a matter of being entitled to register the sale, ship the product, and do have revenue recognition. So, it's already as soon as we get the registration or the legal entity transferred or the permit, then we do ship and do the revenue recognition. It's purely a revenue recognition, legal issue for us to be able to account for the sales.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, absolutely not, because when you do delayed sites, you do transfer the site only when everything is secured and ready to go. So it is not a full quarter for us. I think it's going to depend on the place, but sometimes it's a couple of weeks, sometimes it's a month. It's mostly impacting a part of July or a part of August. But it is not something – there is no questions around the delayed transfers.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No. We feel actually the same, if not stronger. Just to look at the number, we have a – if you look at the total forecast in sales, at the end of Q1, we were expecting for the full year to see a growth rate for the company for the full year in the 7% to 8% range. We are forecasting today for the full year 9% range. So, our level of confidence around growth synergies has enormously increased versus where we were at the end of last year and increased to some extent versus where we were at the end of the first quarter. So, there is no change. It's only a situation where Q3 is a quarter where the acquired business is a very low percentage of the overall portfolio, and there is less demand for this business. So, it's an historical low quarter for DuPont and it was for us. That's all there is. But there is no – if anything, we are increasing the forecast in term of growth and speed at which we are creating synergies versus what we said at the end of the first quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. I mean, when we look at the manufacturing strategy, we've been looking and starting to diversified our manufacturing from different location. India is a location, but I can tell you also that we have moved some of the manufacturing for some intermediates, for example, toward Europe with some partners and towards some of our plants in Europe and other locations. So, yes, over time, there is a strategy to keep on investing in China where we do have a stronger – strong partnership and players, but certainly diversification will take place. We'll produce more in India, but you have also to look at Europe and North America as potential places where we will be generating most – generating some of our products which are critical. I think also one critical aspect of what we do, and that's why we got out of the tough situation in the first half of the year, what the organization in Ag has done for years is always, always make sure that your key molecule or intermediates, you have multiplied suppliers who are qualified and registered. I think it's very important; you cannot be depending, even in China, solely on one. So, you always have to have two or three or four capable suppliers to be able to manage potential shutdown.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. I think the way we're structured in terms of our logistics contracts for Brazil, we are not seeing and not expecting any issues when it comes to supply of trucks to move our materials. And let's be honest, a lot of our materials are extremely concentrated. So, we tend to ship a lot less volumes unlike some of the other Ag inputs such as fertilizers which are extremely bulky. I think the other impact you might see if this doesn't get resolved, it's not necessarily for this year but certainly into Q1 when the harvest starts, is how the grains get moved to the ports. And I think you've heard a number of the grain traders talking about that already. So, those are maybe the two impacts right at the front end of the season in terms of fertilizers and right at the back end in terms of grains. But as far as FMC is concerned, we don't see any issues in terms of delivery.
Mark A. Douglas: No. I do believe that the last few years of working down those channel inventories have served us very well, and we're in a very advantageous position. I also do believe that our crop focus in Brazil is going to serve us very well as we go through the rest of this year. Cotton increased significantly over the last season in terms of acreage and prices were good. So, the cotton growers are once again looking at a pretty significant increase in acreage going forward. So, we're eyeing that market not only with the acquired portfolio, but with our legacy portfolio. So, we expect significant growth there. And then, overall, with what is happening around the world on soy, obviously the growers in Brazil are feeling very bullish about their acreage. So, we expect to see acres increase in Brazil as well for soy. So, for us, it's a combination of a lot of hard work over the last two to three years to get ourselves in good shape, and then an advantageous market position right now.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. I mean, it's a good follow-up question. I mean, just over 20% of our portfolio is exposed to soy around the world. There's one country you're forgetting in that mix which is Argentina, which is a big country for us. We have a significant pre-emergent herbicide business down in Argentina, and obviously the acquired insecticide portfolio is important to us down there as well. Yeah, we are pretty agnostic. I mean, we're growing in all three regions. Soybeans will be provided around the world from one of those three or all three. So, for us, it's – we really don't mind. We want to grow in all three and we'll grow with our technologies.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. With regard to the portfolio, we've talked numerous times about the strength of the two combined portfolios coming together. We launched our first product, as Pierre said in the script, Bixafen, a fungicide targeted at North America later this year, so for the 2019 season. We pretty much have launches coming every year after that, certainly through the mid part of the decade, and actually we expect some more products to come that will be hitting later in the decade. We've had a metric for some time that we think of in terms of products introduced over the last five years. That's kind of a metric that we had in the legacy FMC in terms of how efficient we are in turning over the portfolio. We're going to be revamping that metric, and we'll talk more about that at the Investor Day in early December. But you can expect a healthy increase in formulations that are coming to market not just new active ingredients. I talked on the prior calls about the number of registrations we have coming for the acquired portfolio. We have similar numbers for the legacy FMC portfolio in terms of both herbicides and new fungicide mixtures. So, it's a very robust portfolio going forward starting in 2019.
Mark A. Douglas: On the question of the R&D, your point is a good one, Mark, that we did have strong collaborations in the past as legacy FMC. And obviously, now, we're very heavily into basic research. That basic research actually helps when it comes to collaborations because what it means is you have technology that you can actually, in the broadest sense, trade for new technologies. I'll give you an example. FMC, we're very interested in expanding our fungicide portfolio. That may mean that in the future we're willing to trade technologies that we're developing in terms of herbicides or insecticides to get access to new fungicides. Our ability to do that is vastly enhanced with the capabilities that we acquired last year. So, for us, it's very much a game that we know very well. We've played it very successfully over the last five years. And we will continue to keep that tool in our toolbox as we look to continue to broaden that portfolio of technologies.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, sure. Three very big markets: India, China and Southeast Asia. I think taking India first, we made a significant step this year in changing the legacy FMC go-to-market model by adopting the acquired super distributor model. That is affording us opportunities where we were selling some very key products from the legacy FMC portfolio into that new channel. And also, I would say having a broader access channel in rice with the acquired portfolio, i.e., continuing to take market share with insecticides in India. In China, slightly different story. We introduced a very, very good rice herbicide in 2017 that is continuing to gain traction in China. That combination with sales synergies with the acquired portfolio is helping drive both pieces of the portfolio, so hence, a very strong first half in China for us. And then laterally, in Southeast Asia, obviously, the acquired portfolio complements very well the legacy FMC rice portfolio, and we have a very good market access in places like Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines. And now, with the acquired assets, we get more access to key countries such as Vietnam. So, overall, for us, it's a lot of sales synergies and a very good strong portfolio in terms of herbicides as well as insecticides.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. I think, in general, I would say, from an FMC perspective, we're feeling very good about our channel inventories around the world. Obviously, we've focused for the last few years on Brazil, absolutely no issues for FMC in Brazil. I think North America, we've talked about where we've had insecticide, legacy insecticide inventories in terms of corn rootworm applications. That certainly still holds true, although we are seeing more pressure on corn rootworm than we have in the last few years. So, we'll see how this season develops. Market, in general, is probably going to be spotty depending on different companies' portfolios. I would say the biggest area that I see going forward is Europe. Given the extremely dry conditions in Europe, I would expect to end this season with higher than normal channel inventories of fungicides, just given the market conditions. India and China, China has elevated inventory levels mainly because of both weather and market conditions there. The rest of the world, pretty much okay. I would expect – oh sorry, one more, Australia, I would think Australia will end up with very high channel inventories given the severe drought that we've seen this season.
Paul W. Graves: Yeah. It was – look, you have to understand that our exposure to the peso is – it doesn't seem – it's not as large as people seem to believe. It was less than $1 million tailwind to the EBITDA in the quarter. It is factored in for the rest of the year. Clearly, you have to bear in mind that one of the drivers of the depreciation of the peso is cost inflation. And so we do have an offsetting cost in peso terms. By the time you've washed through all those, we're not seeing a huge tailwind or headwind for peso devaluation year-to-date.
Paul W. Graves: This is Paul. I think your second explanation there really goes to the heart of it. What we've seen in Q2 particularly, bear in mind that the new Chinese rebates and incentive structures really kicked in in June. And what we saw early in the year, in the first half of the year, one of the underlying trends that we've seen is a more rapid move towards hydroxide-based cathode technologies than we had expected. And what we're seeing is, as the new rebates and incentives kick in, a retooling going on amongst the cathode manufacturers to be able to meet those energy density and other requirements of the new incentive programs. To do that, we've seen plants closing down while they retool. We've seen certainly a drawdown of their own inventory of carbonate as they finish production of cathodes that are using carbonate. And we've seen an increased focus on their part as where they will secure the hydroxide from. And there is a significant disconnect between the availability of carbonate and the availability of qualified usable hydroxide in China and elsewhere in the world. I'll keep making the point until I maybe go blue in the face that this Chinese spot market for carbonate is not a really very useful market even if it is a market to look at. It carries very little informational content for the overall state of the market of what customers are looking for with them on contracting strategies. So, while I recognize that people pick up on that data, it's leading everybody down the wrong path as to what the true fundamentals of the market are, I'm afraid.
Paul W. Graves: Yeah. I think there is one factor you have to bear in mind in this business. And as we mentioned in Q1 and we'll mention it again today, and it will be a feature of this business really for a while which is the timing of which to ship to different customers in different regions in hydroxide business can meaningfully move the margin, revenue in any given quarter. Most of the contracts are annual contracts, but we don't necessarily ship everything to every customer on an equal basis through the year. So, we certainly, and I think we've talked about this, saw a richer mix of customers in the first half than we expect in the second half. So, if you look at our full year guidance, strip out what you saw in the first half, you'll see the impact of essentially equalizing throughout the first year. I just encourage people not to assume that the first half margin is replicable across the entire year, and instead look at our full-year guidance. Just bear in mind that almost all of our contracting is done on an annual basis. And both volumes and price are pretty much predetermined by the time we start the year. So it is simply a question of timing as to when we ship to which customer that drives some of these movements.
