Paul W. Graves: Thank you, Pierre. As usual, I'll start with the income statement, and specifically the tax rate. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year is now expected to be in the range of 24% to 25%, given there's a small benefit this quarter compared to Q2 last year. This lowered rate is largely due to the continued change in the mix of our earnings away from high-tax jurisdictions such as the U.S. toward regions where tax rates are lower. Foreign exchange was not a major factor in our results this quarter, with the stronger dollar mainly impacting the Ag Solutions segment. Various Asian currencies plus the Mexican peso were the drivers of the FX headwind in the quarter. The second quarter is not a period of significant activity in Brazil, and therefore, the recent strengthening of the reais had a limited impact on our financials in the quarter. However, with an FX rate in the quarter that was weaker than the same period of last year, and with a price list that largely reflected the current spot rate, the combined effect of price and currency in Brazil was a net positive to our second quarter earnings. Looking into the second half of the year, the recent stability in the reais-U.S. dollar exchange rate means that the assumptions regarding the future exchange rate that has underpinned our guidance is unchanged. To remind you, our guidance has assumed that we have a reais-to-U.S.-dollar rate that is relatively stable with no major short-term swings in the FX rate, combined with a price list that largely reflects the prevailing spot exchange rate. Sitting here today, both of those assumptions remain unchanged, and therefore, we do not expect either a positive or negative impact on our second half performance from the reais FX rate compared to our previous guidance, provided these conditions hold. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide 7. We continue to make progress in increasing our cash generation while maintaining discipline on capital spending. For the first half of the year, our adjusted cash from operations was 40% higher than the first half of last year, driven primarily by stronger working capital performance. We remain on target to meet our outlook for the full year of $450 million to $550 million of adjusted cash from operations. Net debt fell by $90 million compared to the first quarter and by over $120 million since the start of the year. The second quarter is an important period for us in terms of cash collections in Brazil. We remain very focused on the credit capacity of our customers, particularly given the constrained access to third-party financing for Brazilian growers. This has an impact on both our ability to collect cash from customers and our willingness to continue to extend credit in a form of new sales. On the first point, we were pleased with our performance in collecting in Brazil, with net cash collection slightly ahead of our expectations, and particularly good progress in collecting from our past-due balances. As a result, we saw a meaningful reduction in our Brazil receivables balance. However, it is still significantly higher than we would like, and we will remain focused on reducing our exposure in the coming quarters. The credit tightness in Brazil has been an important factor for us for several quarters now, with our willingness to extend credit to certain segments of the market reduced. As we head into the key second-half selling season in Brazil, our guidance reflects this disciplined approach to credit exposure. And with that, I will turn the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. Let me touch on that. The working capital progress we made, really if you look at the cash flow improvement we had over last year and the first half of the year, you can really put almost all of that down to better collections in Brazil. So we've made significant progress over there. We've talked many times about the steps we're taking, and I can't point to any one thing that's changed that. It's about getting some momentum behind those collection conversations. Now in terms of growth versus credit, I'm not sure we really think about it that way. We think about credit in terms of credit. And we think about the ability of the customer to repay us, the stability of the customer and their access to finance. There are natural differences by crop and by region in Brazil, and we obviously factor all of that in the way that we go to market. But we have the same questions that we ask and the same standards that we set regardless of region or crop, essentially based on our confidence that we will recover the payments from our customers on the terms that we sell them to. That's the single largest factor that we consider.
Paul W. Graves: I wish I could predict FX markets that well, Frank. I mean, I wouldn't be in this job, I'm pretty confident around that. I think the key is that we seem to have more predictability around rates. We've seen the peso has been a surprising area for us. We didn't – I mean, we never see them coming. And Brazil has been – the reais has been kind of a bright spot, not because of the absolute rate, but as I mentioned, about the stability around the rates. And I think that's sort of the key for us, as we look forward, that stability of the rates and then the lack of surprises is more important to us on most of our business than the actual movements in the exchange rates.
Paul W. Graves: Let me just on the working capital question down there in Brazil, sugarcane and cotton can have very, very different terms. Cotton tends to be longer term. Sugarcane tends to be much shorter term, although that does vary, depending on the nature of the planting cycles and on the financial health of the sugarcane guys. But as a rule, as we shift it away from cotton, we'll expect to see our working capital terms come in, and towards sugarcane also does the same thing. I would not, though, expect that you're going to have to track that through our working capital balances, as you look at it. It's definitely a factor that helps, but it's not so large that you're going to really see a major movement in our numbers. In terms of how Cheminova approached it, Cheminova – let's just separate the two important differences. Cheminova did not have a different approach to working capital than anybody else in the industry. They did have a different approach to how they financed that working capital. And to be blunt, as a weak-balance-sheet company with very unsophisticated treasury operations, there used to be some very, very expensive local financing in Brazil, which can give the impression that they're reducing their working capital. It was appropriate for a non-U.S.-GAAP reporter. It was appropriate for a sub-investment grade company. It was incredibly expensive, and will certainly factor into why their overall profitability was so low, and it's certainly not something we intend to do.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. And before I continue with my remark, let me correct the statement I made. The 20,000 tons of additional lithium hydroxide capacity is to be online by 2019, not as I said 2017. So to continue and to conclude, I am very pleased with the overall execution of our strategy and improved outlook for the year. Despite ongoing challenges facing the agricultural industry, our strategy and the actions we have taken in the back end of 2015 and the first half of 2016 give us strong confidence in our performance for the remainder of the year. We have remained focused on reducing the level of FMC product inventory in the channel, maintained discipline on price and terms, aggressively managed our mix by rationalizing our product line, leading to stronger margins. This strategy, combined with the successful integration of Cheminova and a more benign FX situation in Brazil, have increased the predictability of our business and will drive the second-half performance of Ag Solutions, with earnings up 35% compared to pro forma results for 2015. We are investing in our technology road map in order to offer unique value-added solutions to our customers. We see high acceptance rates for our new product launches, including our biological platform, and remain on track to introduce our new active ingredients pipeline starting in 2017. Lithium continues to deliver strong performance, altering its product mix and increasing output to meet growing market demand. FMC's focused strategy has enabled the business to take advantage of favorable market conditions to realize significant earnings growth in 2016. Our announced capacity expansion strengthens FMC's leadership position in lithium hydroxide and specialty lithium applications, and will deliver further growth in the years to come. Health and Nutrition had a weaker than expected quarter. However, the business continues to generate high margins and returns, and demand across key nutritional and pharmaceutical markets multiple growth over the second half of the year. Finally, we are generating increased operating cash flow to improve our balance sheet. We are on track to increase adjusted cash from operations by approximately 40% in 2016. I thank you for your attention this morning. And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you. No. We can't and we don't want to comment on competitors. It's sometimes quite difficult to understand the overall inventory in the channel. So really what we've been doing, and that's a change we started to make in the fourth quarter, is truly focusing on trimming down our own inventory of product. There is product in the channel, but really to comment specifically about our competitors would not make sense for us to do so.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Certainly, and I think the comments I would make are valid for the entire second half, is we are getting now into a position, if you look, compared to the back end of 2015, where there is multiple area of improvement. First of all, our product mix is getting much stronger than what it was. Our actions to walk away from a low-margin third-party more generic product is working very well. So we are increasing the margins of our product through mix. Second of all, we have been pretty successful over the last three or four quarters in moving the price. So with a situation looking at the importance of Brazil and Latin America in Q3 and Q4, and taking into account the pricing versus FX situation, we are in a stronger position. So a blend of stronger volume we're going to see in the second half of the year, a better mix because we are moving away from third-party product, and the pricing FX situation will lead to, first of all, to more predictable business. We have a much better visibility going into the second half of the year than we had in a long time, and with stronger margins for the business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Certainly. I think that seasonal weakness is not only in Q2. It's in the back end of Q2 and through Q3. So, we've seen part of it and we're going to keep on seeing it. It's usually due to the fact that it is winter, there is more rainy season right now in Argentina where we're operating. So it's not only a Q2 phenomenon, it's the back of Q2, early Q3. I think the visibility we have today due to production is quite, quite correct at the earnings level. Mainly, there is multiple reasons which are we leading to the improved earnings. First of all, the mix. We are moving more business toward our lithium hydroxide, where we've been able to operate our plants quite well and where there is a healthy demand and pricing situation. Second of all, our plants have been operating also very well for carbonate production and we have been – and we're continuing to do that for the second half, selling more product made within the company than third-party product we would resell. And then there is some volume. So if look at the second half of the year, I think our earnings is quite in line with our expectation. I don't think there is a lot of upside. Most likely, what you will see is we decided not to change the revenue range, because we were a little bit below the middle point of the range initially. Looking at the demand for the back end of the year, it's most likely going to lead us toward the higher end of the range from the revenue standpoint. But I believe the earnings we have forecasted in lithium for Q3, Q4 are correct. Unless – I tell you, the only place where I could see upside, but it is not possible for us to predict that today, is pricing. Pricing is always something, depending upon demand and how capacity come on stream. So that one, we've made some assumption; you never know.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think the product rationalization is very well advanced today. I think it's a mix. It's as much from Cheminova legacy products as it is from FMC product. Both company used to resell third-party products as a service to customers. And the things you can afford to do at a given time with a very healthy market, you cannot do when the market is more tense. So it was a normal thing for us to move the way we had, very precisely define what those products could be. I'm very pleased with the speed at which the organization responded to it. I think more than half of the shortfall in our sales today in the second quarter is coming from product rationalization. But that's pretty much where it is. So you will not see numbers going beyond what we've talked about, which was a total run rate at the end of this year of $350 million, which is $100 million more than we did last year, we did $250 million last year, and this is it. There will be no further, as far as we can see, actions to be taken.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Certainly. You know, I think we do have a pretty good visibility on our three segments today, from a demand standpoint. But it is important to understand that the earnings growth, especially in the fourth quarter, is maybe more predictable because it is due to a cost situation. You know, we always work our cost and decrease our cost. But the way cost flows into operations depend upon the speed that you turn your product, and I think we call that capitalized variance. But the main reason for the bump in earnings in the back end of the year is due to the fact that we will be operating at a lower cost than we've been operating the other quarters and previous years. That is why you will see such a jump. So it is not due to a major turn in demand for any of our product, but much more the benefit of prior activity we've done on operational cost and manufacturing excellence.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. Thanks. I think, at a run rate basis, we're going to close the half year, on the run-rate basis, in the $30 million to $40 million range for the first half of the year on the Cheminova.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think from a Cheminova integration, we're going to stop reporting. I mean, we'll answer any question you guys might have. But we can almost declare success. Everything is in place to which, as we discussed, by the middle next year the $140 million to $160 million run rate, the 800 to 900 positions being eliminated. So we are very much more than on track, ahead of initial schedule. And I think the – lots of the remaining activities are more under in Paul's shop around IT, SAP, finance integration, so much more back office integration than anything dealing with the front end of the business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: First, yes, there will be – we are expecting, as time goes, turning in 2017 and into 2018, we're expecting carbonate pricing to go more toward normal pricing, which mean a lower pricing we are currently seeing, when they will be more of a balance between the carbonate demand and the supply. It will not impact the hydroxide pricing. If you look right now, and if you put together all of the hydroxide capacity increase, which actually we are leading, they are very much in line with the demand increase. So from a pricing standpoint, we might not see hydroxide rising tremendously in the year to come, but I think we'll be in a healthy pricing situation for the next three to four years.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think from a – as I said and want to repeat, we are mostly focusing on our inventory. But overall, if I would have or if we would have to make an overall statement, we believe overall inventory in the channel is declining. We do not believe right now we are at a turning point from a market standpoint. But we can see we are at a place where the dialogue with the customer is changing. There is more certainty, there is more predictability. It still means that the inventory in the channel is pretty heavy. We are not yet at a situation where it is not. But the dialogue is changing, and I believe everybody's trying to do their bit to decrease their inventory. We believe we most like are the most aggressive. But overall, I think the situation is improving.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Let me address first the question on the manufacturing rationalization. Right now, we are at a place where we have a stable manufacturing network for Ag business. We are always looking at improving, but any improvement, any decision today is always a mid- to long-term decisions because there is some product registrations which are changing when you do a change of manufacturing. So I have to say that right now, as any company would do, we are keeping our options open. But we are in what I would call a stable manufacturing network. And we will see, as time goes what are the best decisions to be taken for our business in terms of network. But today we are not penalized by the structure we have, and it's a matter of dong continuous improvement and being able to supply what will be requested by the market at the time when the market turns around.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We are asset-light. I think if you think about FMC prior to the acquisition of Cheminova, our manufacturing cost was 95%, asset-light. I would say today maybe we're at 90%. We should not believe that the fact that we have a plant in India, in Panoli and the plant we have in are fundamentally changing the mix of products which are made at all manufacturers, versus what is being made today. Those are big plants. But in the big scheme of things, their production capacity versus what we do with our total network is fairly small. So, it is not a fundamental departure to what we used to be in the past.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think in term of pricing, just to get back to one of the comments Paul made around the balance of FX and pricing, as you know, we tend to have a rule in Brazil where we index price on currency. Last year, we were, with our pricing, running after the currency and trying to move up our price. This year, the same process of adjusting pricing to currency is going the other way, which means this is not any longer us asking the customers to take higher price, but the customer asking us to lower the price more to other currency. So, needless to say that for all of us, regardless of what behavior individual companies would take, it is an easier conversation from the predictability of the pricing. I think this FX situation give us a much better position to talk about pricing, more control in term of understanding pricing in the next two quarters. And I think it's got to apply to every company. It is just an FX price situation.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. The direct market situation is a one-time impact. It is just a couple of situations which happen all the time when you do this kind of a transfer. First of all, you work with your distribution network, which you're moving away from. Those guys have inventory, they have stock, they are filling it while you're replenishing your own, now, warehouses to sell. So there is a period of time where you have two networks which have to overlap for a little while, and you have to give the time to your distributors to sell the product they were supposed to sell in the past by contract. Second of all, you are at a stage also so where your distributors are not replenishing their inventory in advance. So, by the time we get into – this is happening as a transition now. Our belief is by the time we get into European season, Q1, Q2 next year, we should be in a very normalized situation and it will be stable for the future.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So I think in the first half, the way I would look at it, Mike, is when we give a range, we say mid-single-digit to high-single-digit, maybe we were thinking about more toward, when we started this process, the lower end of the range, maybe 5%, 6%, 7%. We are more today on a 7%, 8%, more toward the higher end of the range. And that is maybe less due to channel inventory than it was to specific reasons in Asia and Europe, mostly driven by weather. So for us, when you look at the market, if you remember, we were thinking about North America and Latin America in the higher end of the range, and this being helped by a flattish to slightly down market in Europe and Asia. We don't see that any longer. I mean, we still see North America and Latin America on the high end of the range, but we see Asia and Europe being down in the 5%, 6% for this year. That is why, today, we are looking at maybe more the higher end of our range. For us, what we've been doing is we've been able, no matter what, to protect earnings by being even more drastic on pricing, more drastic on product rationalization. So we'll be slightly lower on sales, but we believe we're going to be – we're going to have very solid performance in the second half, and predictability on the earnings side.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I would say always the same answer. When we give a middle of the range, it is under normal circumstances from a demand and weather standpoint. In those, there is always a range. You just need an infestation, you just need very strong insect pressure or other pressure, and you will drive that either to the lower or either to the higher end. Today, we believe we are very comfortable with the middle of the range. To see anything going up or down would be due to external events, not linked to channel inventory or anything of that kind, but much more to specific agricultural seasonal situations.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Peter. Yes. So lithium, I have to say we do have increased confidence in the future today. We believe this market is getting more and more solid. I have to say that we are still prudent. But the big breakthrough for us is technology we're able to develop from a manufacturing standpoint, allowing us to, at a very low capital spend and efficient cost of operations, ability to create 4,000 tons to 8,000 tons modules for lithium hydroxide instead of having to build, in one shot, a 20,000 tons or 30,000 tons. So today we do have an improved view and more certain view of what lithium hydroxide is doing, but all the work we've done over the last two years was to develop a manufacturing process allowing us to follow the demand growth, which means that if the growth is not as we're expecting, we can stop one or two of these modules manufacturing and slow down the capacity increase we have planned. If the demand becomes more aggressive, very easy for us to speed up the building of those modules. So first to your question, yes, we have increased confidence. Our strategy is very highly focused on the downstream product where we have the highest profitability. Third, we have a safety net around demand by this manufacturing process we have in place, so allowing to match the demand. Where are we on our forecast? We are taking pretty much a middle of the range. We are far in a process and predictability for the numbers I gave to you to take the highest prediction from EV companies. So, that was the upside, but you know we are prepared also for the downside. And maybe I'll ask Tom to comment on the technology.
Pierre R. Brondeau: As this was the last question let me close with a couple of words before I hand the closing comments to Brian. I think we went through those two quarters very highly focused on delivering what we promise to do. Everything we've done in the two quarters has done a few things for us. First of all I believe, from an ag standpoint, if any of the market are not yet returning to the level of growth these kind of markets could expect to see one day, we have improved highly our control, visibility and predictability of our own business. I think from the lithium standpoint, it is a bright spot for us. We have refined our strategy. And I have to say, the breakthrough we had in technology around lithium hydroxide manufacturing are an enormous win for us looking at the future. Health and nutrition, the business is solid. The business is highly profitable. But we also understand the challenges we have on Omega-3, and it's something we'll be focusing in the quarters to come. So with this, I am going to tell to call back to Brian.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Hi, Chris. This is Mark. Well, first of all, for Europe, obviously we now have a very different business model, with the acquisition of Cheminova. I think you can expect us to see, over the long haul, outperformance in the marketplace. Any it kind of fits in with your second question around CIS and Western Europe. We obviously have a bigger exposure in Western Europe with the Cheminova acquisition. But we see a lot of opportunity in the CIS countries, other parts of Eastern Europe in terms of Poland, Hungary, Czechy, Slovakia, as well as the Ukraine. Introduction of new technologies is important for us in Europe. The portfolio is strong. But with our pipeline, we have new products that will benefit both niche crops and especially cereals where Cheminova have exposure that FMC did not have. So, if you think of outperformance versus the market, it's really going to be cereals and the niche crops, especially in the south, and then accelerated growth in the east.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Chris, is you know Brazil very well. Given where the exposure is, I would say the north – the Cerrado regions are where it is probably the most stressed. The south with the co-ops and the distribution channel is in better shape, and then sugarcane as well. Sugar industry has gone through a lot of challenges, but with the price of sugar today, they're in a better shape as they go forward into 2017. But it's definitely the north where the stress is.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah. Frank, this is Mark. Yeah, we have seen increased sales of specific insecticides that we're providing to that vector control market. It's not huge though. Let's put it in perspective. It's not going to move the Ag business. It's a nice business to have. We have a leading position in Brazil, and we've seen that business grow over the last 18 months, and we expect it to continue with the way Zika is progressing through the region. But it's not going to be significant enough to really move the needle.
Mark A. Douglas - President: It's pretty good. Why don't we just put it in perspective? The global public health market is about $700 million, and that's within the total ag space, crop protection chemicals, of over $51 billion. So really, for mosquito control, the market worldwide is about $325 million to $340 million, and the U.S. is about $90 million of that. So you can get a sense of the scale of that business. In particular applications we have a very good market share, not only with our pyrethroids, but with a product call malathion that we brought from Cheminova. So just keep it in perspective. I mean, people talk about it a lot, but the U.S. market is only $90 million out of that $700 million.
Mark A. Douglas - President: From an integration perspective, we're very much done on the commercial side. That's all in place. A lot of the functional groups are also fully integrated and operating. We have some systems that we're still working through, SAP in Europe is an example, which will be completed early in the fourth quarter. And then the long-lead-time item is how we bring together the different manufacturing units, the tall manufacturing units and the formulating units. We are well progressed with that. We still have some to go, but that will occur over time. And the basic need there is to make sure that we have registrations as we move products around the world. So that's the rate-limiting step, but everything else is pretty much done by now.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Well, obviously, I'm not going to talk about what the competition is doing on price. I'll tell you where we are. As Pierre said earlier, we're doing everything we can to make sure we manage price and terms across North America, and certainly in Brazil where we have reduced our exposure to the Brazilian market by taking out, through product rationalization, a significant amount of volume and revenue. But we're very focused on making sure that we maximize price, not only in terms of pricing but across the portfolio of what we're selling. I think you're going to see all sorts of different activities as we go through the next year. But for us, it's very much around protecting the margins, protecting the value of the business, and certainly looking after working capital.
Thomas Schneberger: Thank you, Rosemarie. Yes. We're starting to see some exchange of volumes coming on even in the back half of 2016, mostly out of the new spodumene capacity that's coming online in Australia. As you know, there's also some capacity in Chile and there's been capacity ramping up in Argentina, targeting back end of 2016 and early 2017. So these are the volumes that we're watching, and I characterize it, could be anywhere between 50,000 tons to 75,000 tons by early 2017. So, as Pierre has commented earlier, this is where we make a pricing assumption, and we're monitoring the conditions as we interact with customers, in terms of pricing expectations.
Thomas Schneberger: And just to add a little bit to that, Rosemarie, in our hydroxide business, we're targeting specific segments of that demand, where it's high quality hydroxide, where they're willing to pay for the quality we bring to the market. So when we look at supply/demand, we're looking even specifically at that customer mix, versus ones that might trade off to carbonate or other supply.
Thomas Schneberger: Yes, and thanks for the question. On the technology, we've got a technology roadmap, and I'd say that with this strategy that we've undertaken on the high value products, the biggest shift is increased collaboration and formalized collaboration with our customers. So we do have a number of exciting opportunities that are being discussed with customers and being trialed with customers, and we're looking forward to that. It will continue to add to high quality sales of new lithium derivatives and new applications of existing lithium derivative.
