Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Mark. We realize that forecasting and guiding is a difficult process in such an uncertain environment. Even if the forecast range is broader than what we usually show at this time, we felt that it was important to share our views on the business and markets. Underlying demand for our products is strong, and our ability to recover the adverse impact of FX with price remains intact despite the difficult situation we are facing today. FMC will face challenges through the year, but we believe that our company will continue to adapt quickly to what comes at us and once again, deliver another strong year of growth above the market. Even with the challenges we are facing in 2020, we expect to close two years over a 5-year plan solidly within our long-term target for revenue, EBITDA and EPS growth. This is my last earnings call as CEO of the company. I am proud of the transformation we have accomplished over the last 10 years. FMC is stronger than ever and the transition to new leadership is in place. Thank you for your support, questions and challenges over the years. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Pierre Brondeau: Let me start with the pricing question, and Mark, you can go in more detail what we are doing in the second half. But yes, I mean, pricing is a sensitive topic when you are in such a situation. And if you look at the first half of the year, we do have a pricing deficit versus the FX headwind. It is a conscious decision we have made. First of all, as Mark said, it's difficult to recover pricing and FX headwind in Latin America when especially Brazil, when you're at the end of the season. So you don't have a lot of leverage price offset, but we made a conscious decision because of the economic situation to not push too hard on pricing in Q1 and Q2 in Asia or even EMEA, where we had adverse effects. We gave a break to our customers who are prepared in those two regions of the world to take a little bit of a lag in a pricing strategy, and we will be targeting those regions more towards the second half of the year. Brazil is a different situation. It's just a country where pricing and currency, there is a business model. It is built in the business model, and we've been operating quite well in the fourth quarter last year with the BRL close to 5. We've been operating very well in the first quarter this year, with a BRL between 5.5 to 5.7. I think there is a mechanism for it. And when we're going to get into the new season, second half of the year where you are preparing for orders you reset the pricing. And that's just a mechanism which happens. So you're right, it's a bit of a different situation. And that's why we are prepared to take a lag on pricing in Asia and EMEA in the first half of the year and focus to do that in the second half.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. I think it is something we've been looking at and certainly with the current situation, not something we want to slow down doing. We are of course, China is critical to us, and we're operating lots of payments with partners. China used to be 95% of our raw material and active ingredient supply. Today, it's down to less than 60%. And we are increasing our investment in places like India, like Europe, so North America. So yes, we are thinking, if you think about the next five years, you will see us continue to rebalance our supply between China and the Rest of the World. A couple of calls ago, Mark said, one of his target in not-too-distant future, would be to be in the 30% to 40% coming from China, the rest from the rest of the world. It takes time. Registrations are very important. But certainly, for anything, which is new product we are bringing to the market, we are looking at manufacturing sites, which are very often non-China based.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Chris, it's Mark. When we started the work on Fluindapyr many years ago, we've built over the years an appreciation for what we believe this molecule can do. And as we said today, we think we're in the $350 million to $400 million range. Frankly speaking, I think it's closer to $400 million than $350 million. FMC had a view that our other pipeline of Fluindapyr, the ones that we developed together, were in the $250 million range. So you can see we're adding somewhere in the region of $150-plus million of peak revenue with this acquisition. Overall, the fungicide portfolio for us continues to grow. We're doing some interesting things with third parties around getting access to new fungicides. And certainly, as we scale the world and look at what is available, we will add acquisition targets to our list and continue to build out fungicides. I've said for many quarters and certainly the last few years, it is an area for us to build out. It is fast growing. We like where we are. We think we have a very good position, but more to do as we go forward.
Mark Douglas: Sure. Yes. Adam, as you all know, it's a very complicated marketplace. I'll try and hit some of the highlights and some areas where we're really focused on in terms of where we think we may see a slowdown. Certainly, in the U.S. right now, when you look at the balance of corn and soy, I have to say our pre-emergent business is doing very well, especially with our newer products, such as Authority Edge, which are extremely high performing, not only in the U.S. but also in Canada. I would say wheat is also a positive right now with what we see going on around the world. We have a very strong portfolio of sulfur and urea herbicides on wheat. Sugarcane in Brazil is another area that is actually some people view it as a negative, we actually don't view it as a negative. The big Brazilian producers of sugar are actually benefiting from an extremely weak BRL, which allows them to participate to a greater degree on the world market, obviously, somewhat offset by lower ethanol demand in the U.S. But it was very strong for us in Q1, and we expect to see that continue. The fruit and veg area is somewhere we've been focused on. You know it's an important part of our portfolio. We continue to see growth. A couple of the reasons we see growth. Part of our product launches that we talk about, where we believe we have about 1.5% of growth, a lot of that is coming from new applications in fruit and vegetables. I'll give you an example. We have about 300 new registrations this year across the world for all sorts of different crops, many of those focused on the specialty and niche crops. So yes, when we talk about demand destruction or dislocations in the food chain or labor availability, I would think fruit and vegetables is one of the areas where we're keeping a very close eye on. In other parts of the world, we're expanding into new areas, for instance, in soy, in sugarcane, in particular, in India, where we have new herbicides, we're seeing growth there. So for us, once again, the portfolio is very fragmented. It's well balanced across the world. So we do see areas of lower demand. One of the obvious ones for us right now is cotton. The cotton market is extremely challenged, given where world demand is, given the situation from COVID-19. I expect Brazil will have a lower planted area this year, probably India as well. So we're watching those two places as potentials for lower demand.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I think, PJ, to the second part of your question around terms, liquidity is not bad everywhere. A lot of people tend to focus on the stress that the U.S. market has been under for some time. But you look at places like Brazil, where in local currencies, the growers are doing extremely well. So in those particular markets, which are large for us, we're not looking at extending terms. If you look at our DSOs, you will have seen them grow a little bit over the last year. The reality is we're growing in some jurisdictions that have longer natural terms, and that's something that we're willing to accept is obviously profitable growth for us. So a mixture of price and then growth in different jurisdictions causes that DSO to move out a little bit, but it's not something that we're unconcerned with. We're watching very closely. And obviously, we will react to the markets. As the markets move, we will move. And in some cases, we lead the markets, especially on price.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Laurent. Yes, we are feeling a little more confident in Europe. I mean obviously, the season has started very dry, although it is raining now in Northern Europe, which is good. Southern Europe has been much better. And even during the extensive lockdown in Italy, our business has been very good. Teams using very different tools to actually sell. We do have new product launches really in herbicides in Europe, which are for cereals. That is a big market that FMC is growing into. So we don't necessarily have to be linked to the market growth for us to grow very well. And then we continue to see an extension of our insecticides, the diamide sales continue to grow in Europe as well. So a combination of herbicides, insecticides and some new third-party fungicides that we're putting in place as well. You're right, we're not very big in fungicides in Europe. So anything we can do there will help boost our growth. I would say that the other piece to that is we're growing in Russia, Ukraine, Eastern Europe, where we've never, over the last two years, had a huge presence, but we put a lot of effort into those countries. The team in Europe is expanding the number of people on the ground, and we are growing in those areas. That also boosts our confidence for our growth in Europe.
Mark Douglas: Yes. You hit the highlight, Pierre. Carbofuran at the end of last year, we decided to exit that older insecticide. I would say it's a combination of some smaller products and then a couple of big ones this year. Carbofuran, Europe has been hit with the removal of dimethoate, which is another insecticide. Tebuconazole which is a fungicide. Asia also was hit by the carbofuran removal. So when you think about it, it's really related to older insecticides that we're removing out of the portfolio. And I would expect the vast majority of that to occur in Europe as we go through the rest of the year, outside of the carbofuran removal.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Sure, Steve. So listen, Latin America, I mean, most people associate Latin America and Brazil with FMC, which is fine. But I think what we've seen over the last two years is a return to growth in many parts of Latin America. We talked a lot about Argentina and how we've restructured the business. Argentina is growing very rapidly for us. We have a very good portfolio that meets the crop needs down there. Good position on pre-emergent herbicides for soy and insecticides with the diamides. In the rest of Latin America, Mexico is benefiting a lot from our portfolio in terms of fruit and vegetables and specialty crops. And then we're returning to growth in many of the Andean countries, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Chile. So not only are we seeing geographic growth from our portfolio, but then you look at Brazil, we have been very careful in Brazil of how we've grown over the last few years. We talked about being careful on our balance sheet, but we've really focused on in the south, the major co-ops, expanding a position that we really never had until the last couple of years since the acquisition of the new portfolio. We're also now turning our attention where we have major presence in market shares in cotton, in coffee, in sugarcane. We're also turning the portfolio to market access in the north for the soy/corn business. That suits us very well. We're gaining market access there. So we expect to continue to see growth on the row crops in Brazil, which have never really never been a big market for us, and we have a very small, low single-digit market share. One of the things on the sugarcane, the second part of your question is, you're right. Sugarcane is a multiyear crop, and replenishment tends to occur at the 15% to 20% range. Some years higher, some years lower. We are a little higher than normal. But what is happening is the growers are looking for as higher yield as they can possibly get. And therefore, they're using the highest quality products, which will allow that yield to come forward. We have some very good herbicides in market-leading position. So we take more of a share when the growers are looking for higher sugar yields than they would normally do in the past.
Mark Douglas: Yes. It's Mark, it's we talk about it a lot. Why don't we put active ingredient manufacturing down into Latin America, especially in the south between Argentina and Brazil. It will be an obvious place to go for us from a demand perspective. The only problem is with a lot of specialty and fine chemicals, you need infrastructure around you. You need close supply of many intermediates that are sometimes not difficult not easy to make. Unfortunately, there is not that chemical infrastructure in the MERCOSUR region. And therefore, we intend to import active ingredients and then formulate and package in Brazil, in Argentina.
Mark Douglas: Sure. we talked about it in a roundabout way over the last year in terms of what we've been doing behind the scenes. I'm not going to spoil the team's thunder because we have something coming up in the next couple of weeks that will be very public. But we do believe, like many in our industry that from a sustainable Ag perspective, the use of data, the use of forward-looking applications and mechanization has to help the industry. And we want to be part of that. We've invested in that so far. We continue to invest. And you will be seeing something in the next few weeks from us that shows that we're not thinking in the same way as many of our competitors but we are going to do some very different things with products and applications that will allow growers to utilize our products at the right point in time for their applications, therefore, would be much more sustainable in terms of amount of product used and where it is used. So stay tuned. This will be the first move we're making, but we will be making more moves. We have some very, very novel and interesting ideas of where we can take technology, that's not core to our base, but will be enabled by the growers in distribution.
