Kim Foster: Thanks, Milton, and good morning, everyone. Moving to our financial position, first free cash flow. As a reminder, free cash flow is defined as after acquisitions but before cash returned to shareholders. Our year-to-date free cash flow is in line with our expectations and we are maintaining our free cash flow projection for 2010 at approximately $200 million. I'd now like to make a comment curtaining FMC's consolidated SG&A or selling, general and administrative spending for the quarter. For the second quarter, our SG&A spending was $96 million, up $21 million or 28% from the second quarter of 2009. The increase was driven by six factors. First and by far the largest is an increase in pension expense which stems from the dramatic market declines in 2008. Second, changes in exchange rate have resulted in spending in our foreign businesses being translated into higher US dollar amounts. This impact is most pronounced in EBGs, operations in Brazil where the Brazilian real has strengthened 20% versus the US dollar in the period to being compared. Third, performance-based incentives are higher than a year ago. In the second quarter of last year, we revised our full year guidance downward and consequently reduced our projected incentive-based compensation for that period. Fourth is disclosed many times in the past six months we will have higher consulting expenses associated with several of our vision 2015 initiatives. The initial focus for spending will be on our global procurement initiative, which we now expect to deliver $50 million in annual savings from the procurement initiative should begin in 2011 and reach maturity in two to three years. Fifth, as we've discussed for the past year, we have increased spending on growth initiatives and agricultural products. And finally, we’re experiencing higher costs during the transition of Chief Executive Officers. These costs have been fully disclosed. In summary, our spending on recurring SG&A remains tightly under control and we are selectively investing in several focused initiatives that will deliver improved profitability in the near future. Regarding share repurchase, during the quarter we repurchased 410,000 shares for a total value of $25 million. The share repurchase has essentially offset the year-to-date dilution from the issuance of restricted stock and stock option exercises. Our stock repurchase program will continue with the goal of offsetting future dilution. The existing board authorization has $165 million remaining. With that, I'll now turn the call back to you, Pierre. 
Kim Foster: I think I would characterize that that way. We will be at $25 million run rate by the end of 2011. It doesn't mean we have $25 million saving in 2011. That is the run rate we would reach by the end of the year and then we would ramp up to the $15 million run rate before the end or by the end of the following year. So to reach to the full $15 million, it will be a two to three years period.
Kim Foster: There's no doubt that the market conditions in several of the key markets are tough and that there are pricing pressures. Nothing that we can't handle. We built that into our full cost. But it's certainly a lot of the key market conditions are really tough out there.
Kim Foster: I think a little bit of both. First of all, types of deals we are looking at, we do not have a financial problem per se or boring problem. We do generate cash and we do have a moving capability with a very clean balance sheet which is good within the range of kind of deals we are looking at. I believe it's more the other statement that you made around the fact that there are more deals available and maybe in some cases specialty in the Ag space, the kind of deals we are looking at. Maybe there is a little bit less of a competition than we might have seen in the past. So we do hope that multiples aren't going to get or are getting a bit more reasonable. 
Kim Foster: No. I think we're all looking in the second half of the year for Foret which is value stable along the same line as first half which makes the business a bit less damaging to the overall industrial chemical business than it did in the past, not a great business to be in. That being said, we are in a much more stable situation than we were in the last couple of years with the situation around phosphate rock. So it's a bit calmer than it's been and nothing of a surprise to be expected in the second half of the year.
Kim Foster: Sure. I think the [V] shape is mostly something we have been experiencing on a year-to-year basis at this level because a year ago we did have a fairly slow year. That being said we are looking for a next couple of quarters in terms of sales, much more in the range of what we have been experiencing around the second quarter and third quarter. So we had a very steep recovery in the first half of the year which we do not expect to see. For some reason because of capacity variable and that would change the plans we have in the third quarter, we might have a slightly lower sale to come.
Kim Foster: The inventory costs were certainly a first half event and will not have any impact on the third and fourth quarters, Kevin. The duties I think will sort itself out in the third quarter. Those definitely will not impact us going forward.
Kim Foster: In the second quarter, John, the interest expense was down a little bit, slightly down from where we thought it would be. And the notion is influenced by something called capitalized interest we capitalized construction in progress that is in place at the end of each quarter and during each quarter. So the issue isn't so much a cash flow issue and, you know, most of our cash flow really comes in the second quarter of the year. The second half of the year cash flow is not as pronounced as the second quarter, but it's really a timing issue on capital spending. 
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Kim. Regarding our outlook for the full year 2010 we have raised our guidance for earnings before restructuring and other income and charges to $4.55 to $4.80 per diluted share. The 13% increase above last year at the midpoint of range. We expect agricultural products to deliver seventh straight trade year for record earnings while increasing investment innovation and continuing to deliver higher profit margin.  Full year segment earnings growth in the mid single digits expected reflecting higher sales in most regions partially offset by less favorable products geographic mix. Higher house inventory cost and increased spending in growth initiatives. In specialty chemicals earnings are projected to increase by approximately 20%. We expect biopolymer to achieve its sixth year for recall earnings and lithium to realize significant earnings improvement through a robust demand recovery in lithium primary. In industrial chemicals we project earnings to be up 25% to 30% on the strength of a significant volume rebound and favorable raw materials costs partially offset by reduced selling prices and higher plant outage costs. Moving now to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect earnings before restructuring and other income and charges of $1.00 to $1.15 per diluted share. A 21% increase above last year at the midpoint of this range.  Double-digit earning increases are expected in all three business segments. In agricultural products we look for third quarter earnings to be up approximately 25% driven by growth in Brazil and Asia. In specialty chemicals earnings are expected to be up approximately 15% driven by continued strong commercial performance in biopolymer and higher volume in lithium primaries. In industrial chemicals we expect earnings to be up in the low teens as higher volumes and lower raw material costs are partially offset by reduced selling prices and higher plant outage costs which we previously mentioned. With that I thank you for your time and attention. I'll be happy to take your questions. Operator, please. 
Pierre Brondeau: We do believe that without getting too precise on number we do have multiple opportunities to name for merger and acquisition, and those most likely in the bottom range, which I would classify as the $100 million to $500 million, maybe a couple at a higher level of size. The question in this space where we are looking for acquisition is always the one of multiples, because when you look for properties in AG or pharma or food, you tend to have pretty healthy multiple, and I would say today the kind of multiples, which are at the beginning of negotiation would be somewhere around between nine times and 12 times EBITDA. Certainly at 12 times EBITDA it becomes a diligent acquisition for us, so not the kind of premium we are willing to pay, but in the lower range we are talking to quite a few firms today.
Pierre Brondeau: We're still at the same point as we were at the last quarter earnings call. We haven't changed from the mental position which is to make a decision around Granger most likely around Q3 next year. This is when we will make decision. Most likely it will lead to a partial reopening of Granger sometime next year. Now as I'm sure you understand we do have the flexibility with the type of facility we have in Granger solution mining to have partial opening. We don't need to have a full opening of the entire facility bringing very large volumes. So we will most likely go through a partial reopening if demand keeps on justifying that sometime next year with addition to second quarter.
Pierre Brondeau: Dmitry, I don't want to get into a lot of details on this. Obviously this is a competitive advantage of us. I'll give you an example, one example anyway. In Brazil, we have fairly strong in sugarcane and we created university for 300 students where we trained them in a number of skills that the sugar mills who want to hire new people coming into their businesses would like to have and so that's an example. It was a first move and nobody else had done this and it’s sort of highly or not sort of it is very highly appreciated by our customers. That could be an example. We have many of these in other areas, but that's it.
Pierre Brondeau: We are still evaluating options with the same range of possibilities. So at this stage today we are still shooting for an end of the third quarter. We are not in the position today. We do have multiple options we are looking at and weighing which one are the most beneficial for us in the short-term and the long-term as well as being in discussion with potential partners. We’re not yet close to make a decision. We'll see where we are, still shooting for the same date of the end of the third quarter that nothing more certain at this stage than we had the quarter before.
Pierre Brondeau: First it doesn't help me because those guys have been celebrating for the last two months and they aren't working. So we don't get work to help me, but it's a complex situation. We do have issues with gypsum storage. We do have to weigh the balance of getting out versus partnering with somebody and staying in. We will come to a decision. And I have no doubt that we'll come to decision and we are shooting for the same timing, but there is not a very clear option today, which is showing better than another.
Pierre Brondeau: If you look at where we are, where we are in the key cost initiatives we are returning. One is as you said supply chain with a focus on stronger delivery performance to our customers and strengthening our balance sheet with the lower working capital. And the highest focus right now is the place where we have the most complicated supply chain which is Ag. The other business will come in time, but most likely will stop after Ag is well into the process. And the number two priority today is implementing the procurement structure change to deliver on the $50 million our annual saving. We can expect that those are the two major products we are currently pushing forward in terms of cost savings.
Pierre Brondeau: So I will be closing our call by providing an update on the five strategic trusts we’re pursuing to increase a profile and ensure a continued level of premium profitability. First we'll maintain our financial strength and strategy flexibility. We have a solid balance sheet and investment grade rating. We have the capacity to take on more debt, but will only do that for the right opportunities, highly strategic accretive acquisitions. High liquidity profile is conservative with debt maturing in the next five years less than $200 million and our cash flow is strong, $200 million pre-cash flow is projected this year and is likely to increase next year. Next we are working to lower our cost by leveraging our company size such as procurement, logistic and supply chain. Though we are early in this process we have identified annual procurement savings of up to $50 million at maturity. Saving in procurement could he should begin in 2011 and reach maturity in the next two to three years. Third, we are focusing on growth in agricultural products and biopolymers. By increasing our emphasis on internal technology development, complementing this already growth by financially attractive bolt-on acquisitions and technology end licensing and balancing our growth toward capturing share in a rapidly evolving economy. For example, we have announced the consolidation of the five offices and labs in and around Shanghai in one innovation center that we will house our R&D commercial tech service and administrative team. The cost of consolidation into one site from multiple sites is low. Fourth with, we intend to enhance our additional chemicals portfolio by leveraging our strength in sodaash and peroxygen, while reducing the earnings volatility as was associated with the first stated business. We continue to reevaluate and remain optimistic about the potential to develop a new environmental solution platform. We are pursuing a number of promising opportunities spanning air, soil and water treatment which liberates existing property and green chemistry. And finally our fifth strategy first is to position our lithium business for the middle of this decade as the next growth platform. The capacity increase of 30% we recently announced is progressing well with a scheduled on-stream in the fourth quarter 2011. In addition, we have begun to look for our next source of lithium in order to be ready by mid decade for the next leg of the lithium growth curve. Our companywide strategy with you is progressing well. This will enable us to refine a business to develop a roadmap for greater top line growth without compromising our commitment to shareholders to deliver sustained earnings growth. The outcome of this effort will be in a development of a five-year vision, Vision 2015 that we will present to our board in October. In December we plan to hold an Investor Day to share our strategic direction and introduce our Vision 2015 for FMC. Thank you very much. This concludes our call. 
Ted Butz: There's a number of issues occurring here, nothing that is significant. We do see a stronger fourth quarter coming than we had in prior years as our outlook in customer demand is strong. We have some planned outages that are hitting us in third quarter in a couple of the businesses that affect just the square on that. So nothing else other than that is significant for the timing between third and fourth quarter.
Ted Butz: On the downstream we've seen pricing mix probably up 5% on the downstream side versus the primary side being probably down a little over 10% year-over-year in a mix of products. 
Ted Butz: That's the incremental sales over the next five years, $300 million to $400 million, and it's from new products and product concept. 
