Paul W. Graves: Thanks, Pierre. Today, I'll focus on a few notable items in the quarter, including foreign exchange impacts and cash generation. I'll also update you on our capital deployment plans for the rest of the year. Movements in the Brazilian real and multiple Asian currencies adversely impacted adjusted earnings on a year-over-year basis. In addition, the greater volatility within currencies has led to higher hedging costs versus last year. Our consolidated businesses, these unfavorable currency movements and related costs reduced adjusted EPS compared to last year by approximately $0.05 in the quarter and $0.10 in the first half. For the first half of 2014, cash provided by operating activities was $149 million versus $248 million in the prior year. Much of the lower cash generator was due to lower EBIT from Ag Solutions in the first quarter and higher receivables balances, again, due to our Agricultural Solutions. As we previously highlighted, later timing of sales in North America and a changing crop mix, especially in Brazil, is resulting in a different receivables collection pattern than prior years. So as a result, we expect a greater waiting of cash flow generation to the second half of the year compared to last year. We remain focused on increasing our operating cash flow, and we continue to roll out working capital improvement projects across the businesses. We believe we're on track to generate approximately $400 million of cash from operations, before separation costs. Capital additions in the quarter were approximately $46 million. Spending continues to be primarily associated with construction of the Thailand MCC facility, which is progressing well and remains on track to begin commercial sales in early 2015. We've also focused capital resources on the construction of a new gas pipeline in Argentina. This pipeline will provide a more economical and safer transport of natural gas, up the mountain to our processing facility. We anticipate completion by the end of the year, with benefits increasing our earnings starting in 2015. Finally, while Pierre will provide more details on the separation, let me note that, in the quarter, we incurred approximately $14 million in separation costs. And with that, I will turn the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. Clearly, the business is really driven by, under the working capital targets, really driven by ag. And some of the moving pieces that we have going on Ag at the moment, we touched upon the North American sales patterns being a little different. The sales being made later in the quarter changes the year end receivables balances that we would normally have. And in Latin America, particularly in Brazil, we sell on crop terms, and so when you get a different mix of crop terms, and particularly when you move from the very short payment periods of sugarcane to the much longer payment periods of soybean and cotton, you start to get a very different pattern emerging. And what I would say is we look at a few key metrics, as well as DSO. We do look at industry terms and to make sure that we are not selling on any different terms to the rest of the industry. And we also look at collection rates and past due and default rates. And all of those things are back in line with where they've always been historically. So we're not seeing any major shifts. I think, to Pierre's point around some of the mix challenges that we had in the second quarter, I think, what we believe is that there is an opportunity around the DSO to be somewhat more differentiated about the terms we offer for different products that we're selling to our customers. We also think there are opportunities in some of our other businesses. In Health and Nutrition, we have some opportunities, for sure, around inventory levels in that business and we have some aggressive programs in place. So you put all those pieces together, we're still working through all this. As you can imagine, particularly in ag, moving the needle in working capital, when you have very long-dated terms and you're kind of cross growing seasons in different regions, you don't move things quickly, but we're pretty comfortable with the progress we're making so far. We recognize we need to start showing that in the cash flow numbers, but we're pretty confident that we're on the right track.
Paul W. Graves: And they're the 2 big ones, and there's obviously the external consultant costs, which is all around managing the project, and legal costs, consultant costs, bankers' fees. All the wonderful third parties that are willing to come and help us do this, they don't do it for free unfortunately. They're the big bucket.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Let me now update you on the status of the separation. We have completed the initial organizational design for both companies and are working on project planning and legal entity's credit [ph]. Regarding the costs to complete the separation, we expect approximately $100 million to $130 million of onetime costs. These costs are in line with costs seen in another companies undergoing similar separation processes. Once the separation is complete, we expect additional ongoing corporate expenses to total approximately $25 million across the 2 entities. These are mainly associated with supporting an additional publicly traded company. I will now update you on progress towards meeting the goals of our Vision 2015 plan. As you recall, the Vision 2015 strategic plan set a number of goals that reflected our objective of delivering to shareholder returns that we believe reflected the quality of the FMC portfolio. Also a combination of lost -- by the middle of 2014, we can demonstrate tremendous progress against these goals. We have met or exceeded our original targets for return on capital and capital return to shareholders. We remain on track to achieve our organic revenue targets. Our target for EBIT and EPS offer the greatest challenge to this. Despite our Ag business significantly outperforming against the plan and our core Health and Nutrition segment performing in line with the targets set forth, there is currently a gap to our 2015 EBIT target. The reason for this can be explained by a few factors that are largely outside of our control. First, related to Minerals. Soda ash pricing is not as high as we had forecasted, and the Argentinian peso to U.S. dollar exchange rates is not in line with where our fundamental projection should be. These 2 factors alone account for a large portion of the GAAP to our targets. Also a combination of lost EBIT contribution from businesses that we have sold or closed, which were part of the portfolio when we first drafted the Vision 2015 plan and lower contribution that we had targeted from acquisitions, explain another portion of the differential. Given that this year have seen some business patterns that are different from recent years, there is less predictability that we have seen during the plan so far. At this point in the year, it is certainly true that forecasting is more challenging in this environment. Agricultural markets are coming off a year of abnormally low growth, but signs continue to suggest acreage expansion in crops where we have strong portfolios. We have seen good traction in soda ash price increase. That could continue to strengthen. Our new businesses, Asipacs [ph] and Karros [ph], are demonstrating additional growth opportunities. In this changing environment, we'll refine, in the coming month, our 2015 expectation. As a result, we believe that Vision 2015 have highlighted the strength and quality of our asset portfolio and will continue to deliver premium shareholder returns. To conclude, like others in the ag space, we are airing concern about the slowdown in agricultural market. The industry is facing uncertainty, and we're monitoring the situation closely and are in constant dialogue with our customers. We are also closely watching order patterns and inventory levels. Like many other industry participants, we believe there is greater uncertainty than in previous years, but we still see a strong second half of the year, driven by the strength of our Brazil business and the expansion of our presence throughout Latin America. As we look ahead for the next few seasons, we are keeping a close eye on our market but we remain very confident that our technology pipeline will deliver strong long-term sales growth, while maintaining our industry-leading margins. Health and Nutrition has also a strong pipeline of new products that will drive continued growth through broader product offerings and organizational leverage. In Minerals, we believe that our constant focus on operational excellence will result in record volume for both Alkali and Lithium. This increased volume, combined with price improvement for soda ash, position us for solid earnings improvement in 2014, with continued momentum in the next few years. We remain focused on strengthening our portfolio and executing on the evolution of FMC. We also look forward to sharing with you our vision for the future of our companies at our Investor Day. Now I will turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, first. We are expecting the pipeline to be in place toward the back end of the year, the back end of the fourth quarter. So we will see a yield impact this year. I would qualify the benefit in EBIT about the mid single-digit million dollar benefit over a year.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I don't think that we have a major change in the view, Dmitry, while looking at the market. I think, the first quarter, we -- the year, the year is very much tainted by the first and second quarter. First quarter, sales were down 6%, EBIT was down 26%. In the second quarter sales were up 20%, and EBIT was only up 5%. So when you have such a start of the year, when you get a penalty and it's all weather-driven, and I would tend to admit, at the end of the first quarter, we misread the impacts of the weather on the second quarter. We thought we had a good handle on it and it was much more -- I mean, a couple of the other [ph] companies fell into the same trap as we did. So we had a changing view of the second quarter as we were going through the second quarter. But now, getting into the second quarter and -- sorry, the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we have kept pretty much the same view. The fourth quarter, we are believing will be very strong from a mix standpoint. We are looking at top line growth but very strong from a mix and point, where we are targeting sales and where we are forecasting sales with these good product. And the third quarter also we're showing improvements. So mid single-digit growth rate for the third quarter and high-teens for the fourth quarter, all driven by Latin America with a very strong mix, related to the kind of numbers we are showing. But we are forecasting just a normal back end of the year, nothing special around acreage or nothing particularly changed, or nothing special around the weather.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thanks, Ed. So in summary, we are, I would say, very cautiously optimistic around pricing, with stability in Latin America and North America, and strengthening in Asia. As Ed said, we are focusing capacity expansion through de-bottlenecking and we are seeing our Manufacturing Excellence is still giving us opportunities. I didn't share, I don't think I would be comfortable making the decision around a very large investment at this stage of the corporation. We are still looking at a separation. And I think it's a decision which will be better made by the business when acting as a standalone business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Certainly. So about who will be making the decision, we are still in interview process and interviewing candidates, and I would like to say that I have been meeting with very high-quality candidates today. So have a -- we are down to a handful of high-quality candidates today. And as soon as we've crossed the bridge of deciding who it is, you will be -- you guys will be the first to know. We'll put an announcement out. From the timing, I think, we still believe, it's a very complex process. The timing for a separation is always hard to predict, but we have no reason to believe that we will not stay within the timeframe we've announced, which was the first half of 2015. The spending for a separation, I would say, if you think about in between now and the separation, I would say the bulk of the spending will be happening in the next 6 months. That's really where we will have a large part of the spending. Spendings, if I look at the big bucket, I'm going to ask Paul to help me, but certainly, IT is definitely one of the big buckets we do have today. Tax is another parts of the -- those are the big hitters across the corporation.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. The integration is going well. The plant is operating, where they even have customers. I think, the -- so we are very pleased with where we are. It's accretive this year. The key question for us, and when I talk about Vision '15 and ramp up is, there is a base business, which we got with Epax, but there is all of the creation of this new business with the new manufacturing process and the new plant for the high-concentration, high-purity, either for pharmaceutical or for the high-concentration nutraceutical. That is really for us what will differentiate a decent acquisition from a great acquisition. So really, if I want to think about, today, very pleased, nothing wrong with we've done, good results. I'm feeling quite good with our new product line, but what will make it a great acquisition is how much progress we're going to make with the new Seal Sands plant and the high-concentration hydrology product. That's to be seen in the next, I would say, 12 months.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So I mean, just to support what Mark said, the aggressiveness in terms of selling, those were not on product we are focusing on in Q3 and Q4. Those are products we sold. I believe, we gained market share. But it's market share gained on low margin product based on relationship with customers and certainly not places which are critical to our sales projections for Q3 and Q4.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Pierre, I think, the -- and John, I know you know the market pretty well down there. I think, the piece I would add is the focus we've had in not only Brazil in terms of expanding market access through co-ops in distribution where, traditionally, we've had a lower share. We've put commercial people down on the ground, especially in the South of Brazil, where we're starting to see traction now with the products that we sell to a lot of the mega growers going through distribution. That really wasn't in place last year at this time, so there's a push there that you'll see. I would also that add that the market access outside of Brazil is paying off. Pierre just mentioned Argentina. I think, you know that we had a very good season in North America with our pre-emergent herbicides for glyphosate resistance. We're seeing exactly the same sort of acceleration in Argentina. We have the same brand name, the Authority brand. A lot of the technology used in North America is now being used in Argentina, so that's an accelerated market that we have, which should give confidence that we continue to grow in the soy area. And then, a lot of the smaller countries in Latin America that are extremely high value with specialty crops. We now have new market access in Ecuador, where we didn't have it this time last year, and we've expanded our presence in Chile and Peru. So all in all, when I look at Latin America, there are a number of things that are in our control and we feel very confident about putting those new technologies into the marketplace.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes. The only thing I would add, Kevin, is -- well, Pierre just touched on the business spending. I think, it's important to recognize that, that business spending is primarily based around research. I think, a lot of people know that we're investing in research for the new active ingredients that we're bringing through that will come through to the end of the decade. It's important to recognize that once we start that work and we get into the chronic talks work and we get into the regulatory side, we can't slow that down. So that's been the major investment when it comes to the business spend side.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, George, this is Mark. First and foremost, North America is the market where we're seeing the most spread of glyphosate resistance, not only in terms of acreage but in terms of types of weeds. So that's a market where our sort of venture is on base products, the Authority brands are taking share and doing very well. Secondary to that, we're seeing the resistance in Argentina, as I talked about earlier. That's another large soy market and a market that we're focused on. Also outside of glyphosate, we do see resistance, insect resistance in Brazil growing, so we'll have opportunities there with our range of insecticides. Overall, it's been an important market for us. It will continue to be as we go into the next few seasons. Resistance is continuing to grow, not only in North America, but down in Latin America as well. And not only in Brazil, but Argentina, so an important market.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, thanks for asking about that. The biologicals platform for us is, as you know, something we're focusing heavily on. I have to say that we put the alliance in place back in October. We have, right now, 5 new products that are in field testing in North America. A suite of products is expected to go into Latin America for field testing, as we hit their season in the second half of this year. The collaboration is working very, very well. As you know, we also put into that a company we bought, which is a research-based company for screening and identifying of microbial agents for use in biologicals. They're doing a tremendous job. And we have a very strong pipeline of opportunities both in fungicides and in plant growth regulators. So we're very hopeful that, that project will come to fruition. We expect the first products to be out in the marketplace in 2015, predominantly in North America. But I have to say, as an alliance, given the short space of time we've been working with them, we are very impressed with Chr. Hansen, in terms of their ability to scale up the products we're feeding into that alliance, so it's going well.
Mark A. Douglas: Mike, it's Mark. No. What Pierre was referring to in terms of the aggressiveness of the sales group was predominantly down in Latin America. And as you know, Q2 is a pretty quiet period in Latin America, rolling off one season and starting to get ready to gear up for the second season in Q3 and Q4. There may well be pockets of increased inventory throughout that enormous market down there. But fundamentally, it's not going to slow down the growth for FMC, with our active ingredients and our proprietary products. I would say, North America, given the conditions that we saw with weather, it would not surprise me that in some segments, that as the numbers come in, that we see elevated levels of channel inventory. I'm particularly thinking of the corn market. That was particularly affected in terms of insecticides. We may well see elevated levels there. However to offset that, we did extremely well with pre-emergent products, and I would expect, when the numbers come in, that those inventory levels are extremely low.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, sure. We talked about it a lot in the various calls over the last few quarters. The droughts had a significant impact on productivity, from the sugar mills themselves in terms of how much sugar is produced out of the actual acreage. But combined with that is the economic impact of what's been going on with ethanol and with sugar pricing in the world markets. That's also been a significant impact. We expect longer term. And certainly, as we go through the rest of this decade, as we think about the next phase of our growth, that sugarcane will continue to be a major growth area for us. This business has gone through these cycles in the past where you've seen significant consolidation on the back of weaker economics for the smaller players. That is also playing out as well. But for us, with our suite of herbicides and insecticides, new products coming to the marketplace, we continue to see it strong. Ethanol mandate will change in Brazil at some point. Prices will change. Sugar prices have been coming back over the last few months and continue to look more healthy. So we do expect the fundamentals to continue to look good. But in the short term, it's been a rough ride.
