Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, it's the improvement in operating profit is mostly due to a mix -- a regional mix. And we expect and you see that every year usually operating earnings go down in the second half of the year when the market is more driven by Latin America and Brazil and is higher in the first part of the year when it's driven more by North America and EMEA.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Regarding the timeline, we believe the process is going to be moving forward at a good pace. I would actually believe that a divestiture of this business or at least a contract signed with a buyer would be possible somewhere between the end of the third quarter and the beginning of -- and the end of the fourth quarter. So sometime in the last 4 months of 2013. In terms of EBITDA for the business, we're going to take a little time to reissue all of the earnings number, EBITDA numbers, EBIT number for each of the segment during this quarter. So while we are doing this work, and we'll be issuing that for you guys to update your model, I don't want to be too precise, but I would say that our Peroxygens business has EBITDA margin which are in the mid-to-high teens.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So in terms of pricing, 2012 -- 2013, sorry, is a year of flat pricing. There is not much change on the market today, and we have stability. From a volume, I really think that you have to look at 2 things. First of all, the second quarter, we're going to be taking a shutdown. We're going to be implementing the retrofitting of the plant to run the plants under the new process. So on a change process. So I would not expect significant volume change. You will start to see volume change of the brine in the third quarter. We'll still have a little outage, a shorter one. You will see volume change from a brine standpoint in the third quarter, and we'll be reporting on that. But as you know, there is about 3- to 4-month period before you actually see that increase in production into the final saleable Lithium process, whether it's your hydroxide carbonate or butyl. So it's really in the fourth quarter that we're going to see the translation of this improved production into financial results.
Pierre R. Brondeau: It's going to be very low or no impact to us, but I'm going to ask Mark, Mark Douglas to give you a better color on what is happening overall for the industry with the delayed planting, which we estimate and Mark should confirm that by being about a couple of weeks.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Sure, let me broadly quantify what we are talking about today. We believe we do have process changes today under control. And we do believe the ramp-up will take place through the third quarter, with impact on the financial results in the fourth quarter. All of these will average to a range of about 10% operating earnings throughout the year. We believe it's a business which could sustain as soon as next year operating earnings in the 20% range. So think about a $250 million and a doubling of the earnings from the high-single digit, low teens into the high-teens 20% range.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right. First, when we bring those business together, it is not because they do have a connection at the end market or because we do use soda ash in Lithium. I think the reasons for which we are bringing those business together is first, the success as we have seen in the last few quarters, the success or failure of this business will depend upon our ability to run strong Manufacturing Excellence program and be able to be a low-cost producer. There is lots of commonality from a manufacturing standpoint, extraction standpoint, separation standpoint between the 2 manufacturing process. Actually, there is a team, which is putting in place all of the process change, which is supporting our Lithium operations. That is the team today, which the technology team from our Wyoming soda ash plant. So you do have a lot of manufacturing synergies and the need to operate those 2 businesses as low-cost reliable manufacturing processes. That's the first one. The second one is the leadership we have to run those businesses. Ed Flynn will be running this group. Eric Norris will stay to run the Lithium business, and he's doing a tremendous job by turning the situation around. We are convinced those business needs to be run as commodity business driven by supply/demand. There is high barriers to entry when you want to get into the Lithium business, but once the product is made, they are very often interchangeable. I think you take a product made by a good manufacturer like Rockwood. All the quality will be very identical to the quality of a good product made by FMC. So you get into a situation where supply/demand will guide how this business is doing. And we want to be managing the business the same way we do in soda ash, being very careful in understanding the end market to decide upon capacity. Those are the reasons. We are not intending to go more toward rock mining, spodumene production, while staying very true to what we know best, how to do today from a manufacturing standpoint, which is brine production.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, the new process doesn't rely more or less, the same thing. I think the biggest challenges we had, the process today, now the way we -- the process is designed with the different ponds we had and in operation process is very defined. Lots of the technology, which had to be worked on were around separation technology. And that's where we did most of the work in order to make sure that the ponds we used to have operating at very different concentration of Lithium would be operating with the same efficiency over the long run and what were the operating parameters to do that. This is what we have been working on. So we do believe now that we do have the evaporation well under control. We believe that we can feed of course as soon as -- we have always have to take into account the seasons and the winter versus the summer. But we do believe that we know now how to produce high-concentrated product, which will feed the separation. And we believe that we know how to run the separation pond in a way which will work as well, with high concentration versus lower concentration. So those were mostly the changes we are working on. I think the shutdown is going to be -- we're going to see as it goes, that's why we're not expecting much coming from the second quarter. It's going to be multiple weeks of shutdown in the second quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, I think we do not want, at this stage, to publicly speculate around how much we're expecting from the Peroxygen business. But as we said before, it's a $350 million business, with EBITDA margin in the high-teens. If you look at that -- and comps are fairly easy to find in terms of EBITDA multiples. So but I can tell you definitely I would be very happy to get 3x sales, but we will not get 3x sales for that business. Unless you know somebody who can do that, then please help me.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, unfortunately, he's not a banker anymore. He's just a regular CFO. No, seriously, Peter, I think it's a good question. It's important for us to have a good divestiture process because it is a good business. It has a good potential. It's healthy business. It's not a turnaround situation at all. So we are selling a good business, which has a growth platform, a specialty platform and a commodity platform. So it is a very interesting business, which returns cost of capital, which has good EBITDA margin and cash generation. So it's going to be a good sale, but this kind of business don't go for 2x or 3x sale. But we're expecting good proceed, which will be important to keep on returning more aggressively in the coming quarters cash to our shareholders and also be important for the growth of the company.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, for now, Lithium is a keeper. I think it's a platform. As I said, what we wanted to do -- Peroxygen is a great business. I do not believe today, it's a business where we are -- looking at the strategy we have in the company, the prioritization from one of the places where we are highly differentiated. I think we decided to focus our capital spending, research money and acquisition money into the 3 platform where we believe we are or can be advantaged and where we have growth potential. Today, with the work we have done, we are feeling much better than 6 months ago about Lithium, so we believe Lithium is part of that portfolio.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think when -- we always look -- I mean, we report sales like any public company on a quarterly basis, but you know how much 2 weeks of orders can make a difference when you are jumping from a season to another. The fourth quarter is the strongest season in Brazil, and you just need the sales to be moved up or move down by the customers, and you can see major changes in the way sales are. So what we do here internally is very often we look at sales growth over a season. So we've been growing historically in the mid-teens and up. And I think if you look over a 2 quarters' period, we are in the 15% growth, if you take the fourth quarter and the first quarter, between Latin America and North America. And we believe if you look at the 15% growth over those 2 quarters, it's still a leading growth number. We believe it's a strong performance, especially -- I mean, let's face it, cotton, which is a big crop for us decreased in acreage in the fourth quarter last year. So we had some headwind, which we do not believe will be here going into the second half of this year. That's why we are forecasting a growth rate for the second half of the year between performance of the business today, new product introduction, orders which we have in the book. We are looking at a growth rate north of 15% and more in the 18% to 20%. That's for the Ag business than that we've seen as an average for the last 2 quarters. But I think we always have -- and you know that very well. There is no deceleration at all. There is seasons and there is a season which is more influenced by Brazil, one which is more influenced by North America and depending upon where few weeks go, you have a change in number. So we tend to -- between growing seasons together rather than looking at quarters when we analyze the business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. A couple of things. It should be dilutive less than the number you are stating here in terms of EPS. So yes, there will be a dilution from the sales, but there will be a compensation through stock buyback. I don't want yet to comment around what will be the impact for the year. We're going to work through this process as we see the sale going. Let me tell you, if I would say at a high level how Paul and I will look at that financial transaction if all falls in place. We believe there could be a dilution in terms of operating profit, which would be due to the sale of the business, which is a profitable business. There would be a stock buyback, which would at least compensate for the loss of operating earning into EPS to avoid to see a dilution at the EPS level. Following that, the refocus on 3 platform, and especially on Health and Nutrition, should allow us to make some bolt-on acquisition to buy back, if I may say, EBIT when we look at our 2015. So if all goes well, you could see very little reduction of your EBIT when we target Vision 2015 numbers. But potentially, an improvement on your EPS number.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, first, I talked about shutdown, I did not specify Asian shutdown per se. I think I do not like too much to talk about other companies. I think those shutdowns have been publicly announced. So if you want to take a look at that, it's just difficult for me to comment about other publicly traded companies or companies in the call. But those shutdowns are defined and have been publicly announced. I think we do not need another price increase announcement. I think we will see how it goes. We have a price increase announcement now. And then we're going to be managing the market as it goes and see where this number is going to take us. But I want to make sure we don't mislead people when we talk about pricing being low in Asia. It is low. But to bridge the gap between an Asia pricing and the domestic pricing, you don't need multiple $30 increase.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, I think what we're going to see is Q2 is going to be low because, as I said, the plants will be down. And it's not going to be -- you're correct, it is not going to be a very high-capital spending to get the plant to operate. It's a fairly -- those are more technology reasons and process changes. So it's not going to be a high expense, but the plant is going to be off for a while. We are looking at a slight improvement in earnings for Lithium in the third quarter, more toward the back end of the quarter. And it is only because when you produce salt brine between that time and the time you have your Lithium compound, whether it's butyl or a hydroxide, or a chloride, it takes about 3 to 4 months. So if you look -- imagine the plant, as we begin the retrofit at the beginning of the second quarter. We start to increase capacity toward the back end of the second quarter into the beginning of the third quarter, those products will only hit the market by the very end of the third quarter. So you will have a slight improvement in the third quarter, and you will start to see your mid-teens EBIT in the fourth quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I have to say that it is still pretty much the same story that we have been talking about for the last 6 month, which is, there is expectation which are differing from a company to another. But roughly, we are seeing the growth for EV if it takes off -- to take off post 2015. And it's a bit slower than what most company would have said 1 year or 2 ago. So there is no significant change or increase in pace in this market today. I think the growth from an energy standpoint is more driven by electronic device than it is by electric vehicles.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, it's going well. I think we are hitting all of the marks from a cost reduction, staffing reduction, improved operations, so we are right on where we were expecting to be.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No. If you look -- we are looking -- there won't be a positive impact this year, but which is pretty much into the [indiscernible] already. The way capitalization of manufacturing variance work and the way the accounting work and the speed at which you do it, our objective really is -- I mean, those are bits and pieces, which will improve the picture. But really for us, it's getting the plant to be changed in the second quarter, having full rate production reached of brine in the third quarter, bring this business to a mid-teens EBIT to sales ratio in the fourth quarter, get that business to a 20% operating earning to sales over 2014.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, your assumption is correct. When you see the demand, it's a sign in the building and construction, mostly driven by commercial. And yes, it's a 3 to 6, 7-month timing.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you very much, and thank you all for your question. I believe we had a strong first quarter. We believe that even in an environment of prolonged economic uncertainty, 2013 will be another record year for FMC, with EPS up 15% versus prior year. By the fourth quarter, we expect to see a recovery in FMC Minerals, with increased export pricing versus the prior year and manufacturing improvements in Lithium that will return the business to normalized EBIT margins. FMC Health and Nutrition will continue to strengthen its portfolio, while growing sales in a double-digit range. And FMC Agricultural Solutions will again outpace market growth on mid-to-high teens increases. We have delivered leading performance for several years. We will close the year with our 3 core business platforms performing strongly, and I'm confident that our portfolio realignment will accelerate our growth, continue our steady course to deliver our Vision 2015 goals and position the company for continued success beyond 2015. Thank you very much.
