Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Kim. Regarding our outlook for the full year 2010, we have raised our guidance for earnings before restructuring and other income and charges to $4.45 to $4.80 per diluted share. The midpoint of this range implies growth of 12% above last year. We anticipate another year of strong performance for the company and are pleased with the progress of each of our businesses.  We expect Agricultural Products to deliver its eighth straight year of record earnings, while increasing investments in innovation and continuing to deliver high profit margin. Second and third quarters in Ag Products are driven by northern hemisphere markets. Let me provide our outlook for North America and Europe. First in North America, planting is ahead of anything achieved in the past several years and opportunities for products look very good. In Europe, conditions have yet to be improving after a relatively slow start. In the first quarter, we had very good sales of (inaudible) driven by our intention to meet the May 2010 regulatory deadline. We also will have the benefit from Fungicide product line recorded last year, as well as for new pre-mixes we've introduced this year. So in summary, we are bullish about our northern hemisphere market and are expecting strong year-on-year performance in the second half of the year for Agricultural Products. In Specialty Chemicals, we expect biopolymer to achieve its sixth straight of record earnings while Lithium realizes significant earnings improvement mainly through volume driven sales growth. In Industrial Chemicals, we expect to record the second highest profit in the past ten years from the strength of the significant volume rebound from the prior year. Moving to our outlook for the second quarter; we expect earnings before restructuring and other income and charges of $1.15 to $1.25 per diluted share. In Agricultural Products, we look for second quarter earnings to be 15% to 20% lower as a result of shift in sales in Europe. The absence of prior year benefits of our cost inventory and increased spending on growth initiative. As Ted mentioned in Specialty Chemicals, earnings are expected to be up 25% to 30% driven by continued strong commercial performance in biopolymer. Significant demand recovery in Lithium primaries and higher selling price in Lithium Specialties. In Industrial Chemicals, we expect earnings to be up 75 to 85% versus the weakest quarter of 2009, driven by volume growth across the segment and the benefit of lower cost inventory in the prior year, partially offset by reduced selling prices. Sequentially, for the first quarter, Industrial Chemicals segment earnings will decline due to scheduled outages in the second quarter, including the move over longwall mining equipment to another area of a soda ash mining environment, and the absence of the favorable one-time sales contract equipment realized in the first quarter. With that, I thank you for your time and attention, and I would be happy to answer any of your questions.
Pierre Brondeau: Sure, Frank. First, let me talk about Ag. We decided to increase the spending for the year. In the February call, we decided to increase the spending by roughly $10 million in innovation. So the cost increase on innovation for this quarter was slightly lower than $3 million, and we do have ongoing benefits. Some of the program, we'll have a pay off by 2014, but some also are driven by short term product development, which are resulting in increased sales very quickly. In term of our spending for SG&A this quarter, the quarter was up by $10 million, half of it, $5 million was the announced increase in pension cost. It's been all along part of our guidance. And the rest of it, $3 million is the innovation number I mentioned before, and the remaining couple million dollars being exchange rate (base).
Pierre Brondeau: First to the $130, yes. To the cost of such an expansion, the expansion we believe will be in the $20 million to $25 million, with about one-third of the spending this year, and two-third of the spending in 2011.
Pierre Brondeau: I think we are making progress. I do hope really that we will be able to have some firm recommendation toward the end of the third quarter. We do have currently some interesting leads in order to remove the cyclicality of the earning in this business. So we are making good progress. And that thing I am at freedom to give any details about at this stage, but I am pretty confident that there is options which are showing up by now.
Pierre Brondeau: Alright. Let me explain to you, it's quite a simple situation you do have in Ag. We had sales of high profit products, actually it's licensing, which removed to the first quarter because of the statement I made before that the legislation forcing us to deliver on all of our sales for this year before the month of May. So, with a significant amount of (inaudible) sales, which we have moved from Q2 into Q1, we also have a significant (inaudible) sales which are being moved intentionally outside of the US to another market. We realized those sales early last year in Q2. They are now being pushed into Q3. So if you look at our performance we are expecting for Q2, we have a shortfall in earning versus the first quarter, or even year-on-year. But we are expecting a much stronger performance in Q3 and Q4 year-on-year because of the shippable sales.  We, at this stage remain in line our guidance of mid-single digit earning growth for the Ag business for the year. 
Pierre Brondeau: All right, today the way we have filled our guidance, we have not been focusing in the strengthening of export pricing. I stay with the same statement I made in February that there is some potential upside on the pricing front that we are not in a position to know how quickly. Because of our quarterly or six-month contract we have, we do not know how quickly those pricing will be impacting. We clearly see strengthening of pricing because of increase in China. Our pricing is getting more robust. We have not factored that in our guidance, and we could see an upside starting in Q3 for export pricing. 
Pierre Brondeau: We are operating at very high capacity today, but remember that we had mothballed our Granger facility, so we are operating with a lower overall capacity. The question for us is to understand when the demand will be strong enough and if it continues to strengthen, we will have to make the decision for a partial or full opening at some point of Granger facility. So, we are still below fixed volume, but appearing at high capacity because of the fact that we are still holding the mothballing of Granger.
Pierre Brondeau: We have not decided on the timing. The balance supply demand will not be strong enough in 2010 for us to make such a move; we'll make a decision in 2011 of when we will need to reopen that facility. It will not be a 2010 event. A quick thing we can do is a solution mining facility. It's something we can partially open and quite quickly, but it will be a 2011 decision.
Pierre Brondeau: Certainly, for this full year, we are expecting Agricultural Products to be up in the mid to high single digit, and regarding Industrial Chemicals, we are expecting the full-year revenue to be up in the 5% range and that would be based on stronger volumes, that year-on-year price decline.
Pierre Brondeau: The one time, no, it's not in Asia. I suppose you talk about the additional freight cost we have in Agricultural Products, what has been happening is, there was a lack of ability of all of our suppliers to supply some of the product because of a shut down by one of the contract manufacturer. As a consequence, we have been enduring air freight to maintain the supply of our customers and this has been creating an additional cost, which was in the $4 million range.
Pierre Brondeau: Absolutely, I just want to make sure actually there is a good understanding of our Ag story. We're feeling very, very strong about Ag from a top line in earning hour. What we need to do is, we have to look at Ag on a year basis, and we're very comfortable with our gains to have Ag revenues up in the mid to high single digit, we're feeling very strong in both the second half of the year for Ag in North America and Europe. And you will see in Q3 a performance which we have step up versus Q3 of least year. So all in all, yes to answer your question. Also you know that the Ag strength for us is very much based in the strength of Brazil in the second half of the year. There is always question mark that early, but all indication we have today is, we should feel confident about the back end of the year. So all in all, it's very important not to look at Q2 as a sign of the weakness over Ag business, it is just the pattern of sales and earnings for the year, but all of that we'll turn in strong year for Ag at the end of the year.
Pierre Brondeau: We are, I mean, the key thing we are looking at today in term of cost reduction is really leveraging our side in places like of procurement, supply chain, logistics. We have right now, the sign of part of the organization consulting firm, which is in full speed moving forward in gathering data around our spend. Initial finding is confirming to us that there is benefit to be realized in the short term and expecting cost in fact price this year, none of that being against for the simple reason we need another six weeks to get to the numbers and define a target numbers for manual settings. So we are not close to being able to get even to those numbers. I might be able to have more information when we'll be getting into the Q2 earning calls, but at this stage I am not capable of putting a number around those cost reduction.
Pierre Brondeau: We are still inferior. It's always very difficult to comment on M&A in any precise way. We have continued to refine our road map, we do have identified targets. I was about to say most, but it's not most, all of these targets are in either agricultural or the food and pharmacy segments. All of these are (inaudible), as I said before I am the much bigger fan of slow, quickly integrated acquisition and now it's transformational. And we are in discussion with small and medium size opportunities, so the process is moving forward. I would like to have one or two meaningful move this year, but you know how acquisitions are, it's all or nothing so can't be sure.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, I can give you some information around the pricing and offering this for industrial chemicals. If you look on a gross margin of standpoint, we had a volume contribution. Let me go through for ICG, overall pricing was down by 60% on exports and flat on North America and volume was up 12%. 
Pierre Brondeau: The phosphate business today is still operating at a rate, which is not high and the profit of it is still very questionable. So, really it's a business, where we do have to make a strategic move. It's a business today, which at best breaks even. So, we need to look, it goes beyond capitalization. It's overall leveraging over source of raw material, the phosphate drug situation, pricing of phosphate drug and the market, specially (details in) market we are addressing. So I think we have a prime, which is beyond capitalization today. It requires some strategic move to get out of the situation, where at best we break even.
Pierre Brondeau: I mean we do have top-line growth in biopolymers and when you a situation like the one we had in 2008, where raw material grew up and then grew down dramatically, you do have depending upon your inventory turns, you do have variation on the cost of your inventory. So, what does it do for the company FMC? All in all, nothing; pretty much zero in fact on the bottom line of the company. But it has difference in facts on the business segments. On the first quarter, and it was a positive situation for Industrial Chemicals. For Ag chemical, is negative situation year-on-year on the first and second quarter. For specialty polymers, it's negative in fact on the first quarter, but not in the second quarter. So sequentially, you are getting a benefit from that situation.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, I can give you some numbers. I believe that moving the longwall is usually a cost of about $4 million. So that the one big cost we're going to be facing this quarter and there is the multiple outages we do have for maintenance and preventive maintenance of the plant near the capital of (inaudible). So you have about $6 million linked to outages and moving of the longwall.
Pierre Brondeau: Most of the increased spending is in the Ag segment. There is multiple places, but the two big buckets are, increased spending in innovation. It accounts for about $10 million a year, slightly short of $3 million this quarter, that's one increase. The other increase is tax (inaudible) and selling cost increase in Brazil to allow the growth we do have today. So those are the two biggest buckets of spend increase for the Ag business. The innovation spending is directed to new technology short term, making sure we increase the number of registration of product. We do have around the world, we do have a very aggressive registration program to allow us to introduce new pre-mixes and formulation. We do have also a level of technology in multiple-field, including biological which are being worked on today, which are more mid-term, and you also know that we are very active at licensing in technology to then leverage this technology with some of our internal technology. That's where this $10 million of annual increase is being spent, all of that to create short-term and mid-term sales increase.
Pierre Brondeau: We should see both. I think it's absolutely critical for us if we increase spending, that increased spending is more than we carry through the profit of the product. So our intent is very quickly. And we will sign of progress as soon as 2011 in some aspect. But our intent, for example the result of new registration and new (clinics) we have multiple program around the world. Those benefits will be seen very quickly. So you will have a positive insight on the supply and the bottom line.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, I would like to make some closing remarks and confirm that the company will remain a highly focused company, operating along five thrust. First, it is our intent, and we will maintain financial strength and strategic flexibilities with a solid balance sheet, investment grade rating, a conservative liquidity profile, and a strong cash flow. Next, we will be lowering operating cost by leveraging the company's size in places such as procurement, logistics, and supply chain. Third, we will focus on growth in agricultural products and biopolymer, with an increased impetus on internal technology development complimented by financially attractive bolt-ton acquisitions and technology in-licensing and the balance toward capturing share in rapidly developing economy. Fourth, we will strengthen industrial chemicals, (Ag) portfolio; we will reduce earning volatilities and leverage the strength of soda ash and peroxygens and evaluate a new environmental platform. Our last objective is to make sure that we position our lithium business from this decade as the next growth platform. Today, a full strategic review of the company is underway to develop a roadmap for greater top-end growth without compromising our commitment to shareholders to deliver sustained earning growth. This whole strategic review would be completed and ready to be implemented by the October Board meeting. We will shortly follow by an Investor Day to share our strategic direction and introduce our five-year vision for FMC. Once again, thank you very much for your time and for listening to our comments.
