Paul W. Graves: Thank you very much Pierre. As usual, I'll start with the income statement and specifically the tax rate. Our adjusted effective tax rate fell from 27.5% in the first quarter 2015 to 26% in Q1 2016. Part of this was the continued change in the mix of our earnings away from the U.S. and Brazil and towards Europe and Asia where rates are typically lower. We continue to take steps to increase our tax efficiency and expect that the full year rate will come in somewhere in the 24% to 26% range. The theme in our earnings in recent quarters has been the impact of foreign currency movements and the movement in the Brazilian real has been a particular area focus. In the first quarter, the average rates of real to the dollar was 3.9, significantly weaker than the 2.87 average of the same quarter a year ago. However, the total impact on our earnings was far less than we have seen in prior quarters for two main reasons. First, as you know, Q1 is not a large selling quarter for us in Brazil, reducing the impact of currency moves. Also since we have not seen particularly volatile movements in the currency, our price list has been able to reflect the new currency levels for the entire quarter. As a result, the $13 million headwind created by the weaker real year-on-year was completely offset by price increases. In fact the positive impact of the weaker real on our cost base meant that the change in the real was actually a net positive to our income statement in Q1. Looking to the rest of the world, although a number of Asian currencies collectively reduced earnings, the only major currency in which we faced a headwind in the quarter was the euro, which devalued by 2% versus the same period last year. The net hit to operating earnings from currency movements in the quarter was approximately $14 million. A second common theme on our earnings has also been the challenges of operating in Argentina, including areas such as import license restrictions, negative impacts of export duties and the headwind created by the disconnect between cost inflation and the pace of devaluation of the peso against the dollar. Since the election of Macri as President, we've seen a rapid shift in all these areas to the benefit of our operations in Ag Solutions and especially Lithium. The devaluation of the peso had a relatively limited impact on our earnings in the quarter in Lithium, since the lower cost of operations takes one to two quarters to work its way out of inventory and into the income statement. And our earnings guidance for 2016 reflects this lower cost of operations. We remain cautiously optimistic that the business environment in Argentina will remain positive and will continue to create opportunities for FMC. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide eight. Q1 is historically the period in which we consume the most cash given the seasonal nature of our Ag business. However, discipline around spending, the increased focus last year on sales terms, and of course the ongoing collection measures globally, resulted in an improvement of operating cash flow of over $100 million compared to the same quarter last year. Cash flow was helped by higher EBITDA and a better performance around working capital, most notably from collection of receivables. This improvement was seen in all regions. With certain cash outflows, particularly capital spending and pension expenses also lower than last year, we were able to hold net debt flat during the quarter. As noted in our filing of March 28, we elected to amend the debt covenants for our term loan and revolver, deferring the timing of step downs of our leverage ratios, such that we retained the covenant limit of 4.5 times for Q1. Our actual leverage ratio under the covenant calculation was 4.0 times giving the half a turn of headroom that we consider to be prudent. Looking to the rest of the year, adjusted cash from operations is forecast in the range of $450 million to $550 million, an improvement over last year of over a third at the midpoint of the range. This is driven by improvements in both EBITDA and working capital performance. Capital expenditure will remain broadly flat to 2015 in the $120 million to $140 million range. And with that, I will turn the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: That's the million-dollar question with the reai. I mean, the truth is that the stability or the predictability in the movement of the new reai is really what matters to us. We've talked about it in the past with regard to the timing of changes and the pace of changes. Q1 and Q2 just aren't really periods in which we have a lot of commercial activity going on in Brazil. So it's really what it does in Q3. And, again, it isn't so much the level. We've shown that in Q1 where with an average rate of 3.9 – today, it's closer to 3.5 – we were able to still capture pricing on the limited number of sales that we have in Q1. The question will come into Q3, how stable, how predictable is the reai. In the rest of the world, I mean, you look at the forward curve on the currency, it does not feel like a strengthening dollar is what the market is expecting. And so that generally speaking is what's factored into our numbers – relative predictably, not a big strengthening of the dollar around the world. Q1 feels like – when you look at where the dollar is today compared to a year ago, Q1 feels like the last of the quarters that we have those tough FX comps. So subject to any changes away from where the market expects today, it doesn't feel like currency will be quite the high level story that it was last year.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. It's a pretty straightforward story. We clearly have an increased expectation around EBITDA, but the truth is it's largely around working capital. And you have to bear in mind that if you look over the last few years -- two years ago we had a terrible performance with working capital with largely cash outflow. Last year we turned the corner and sort of stopped the bleeding and improved it slightly but this year we expect that trend to continue so that working capital becomes a positive generator of cash for us. Our biggest focus is always going to be the Brazil receivables balance and getting that receivables balance down. But we're also very, very focused on inventory levels, our own inventory levels and making sure that we are very efficient and very thoughtful about what inventory we hold, where we hold it and how much of it we hold. So it's coming in multiple different areas, but you really should be looking at working capital as the primary driver of the increase in cash flow for 2016.
Paul W. Graves: ...synergies in 2016, $60 million to $70 million still our guidance and how much more were we anticipating.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. To conclude, we continue to expect a challenging market in Ag Solutions, but we're managing the business to increase visibility and to protect both price and term. As a result, we continue to expect full-year earnings to be in line with prior guidance. Health and Nutrition is performing largely in line with expectation and Lithium is well ahead of our initial forecasts. The portfolio transformation is done. We are now in execution mode targeting year-over-year earning growth for each of our three businesses. Thank you for your attention and I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think on the Central, Eastern Europe, the pricing is pretty stable and you know, it's not a very, very large market, interesting for us because there is a strong possibility to increase volume. But pricing is quite stable. And I think definitely, the growth is one of the place where FMC had no structure in Central and Eastern Europe where it was an area of focus for Cheminova. So definitely a place where using the infrastructure and commercial organization from Cheminova and bringing in the product portfolio for FMC is going to create some significant possibilities (41:21) for us.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And I think when we did the last earnings call, as well as multiple discussions we all had, we've been talking about the share getting to $100 million -- $50 million to $100 million run rate in between the synergies and the new products and very much on very much on track with that. So it is a place, I think the opportunities created by Cheminova from a cost saving and the revenue synergies are very much in line with what we're expecting.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, Frank, as you know, we made a move which was in line with what was our strategic intent by acquiring Cheminova. We have now a stable situation from a structural standpoint in Ag. We're finishing up on the integration. What we intend to do at this stage is watch what is happening specifically in places when two Ag companies are coming together. So every time there will be consolidation of that companies, if at any point during this process there is, because of anti-trust reason, product which are made available, that is something we are usually very good at doing which is taking a product and commercializing that with our own sales organization. So, we're going to be opportunistic, but it's certainly something we will be able to afford to do and would be very interested in doing. Beyond that, do not expect us making any major move in acquiring any type of company, it will be an acquisition of technology and product.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah, if you think about our Lithium business, look at strategic price increase in place where we are technologically advantaged in grain markets where we have significant contracts which are renewed every year like in lithium hydroxide. And then think about on the chloride and carbonate side for what is not used for internal purpose or sold in the contract, we are using the spot market to do one off price increase. We believe that situation is going to carry-on for the next few quarters. I think the market will remain tight which will allow us to, to use the spot market in the more commodity businesses like chloride and carbonate to increase price on a spot basis. And where we have opportunities where people need our technology or product, we will be increasing price on contracts when contracts are being renewed. So it is a situation which we see fairly, fairly stable for the future. If you look at our increase in gallons for the Lithium business, most of it is going to, of the over performance, will be due to pricing.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well I cannot comment too much beyond what all of you know on the lithium carbonate side because that's a decision of the people who have announced capacity increase. I'm sure (48:57), when they talk on their earnings we'll be able to tell more about the timing. But we believe (49:04). And we believe also some Chinese or Australian company will be bringing carbonate capacity in the next couple of years. We ourselves are focused more on the downstream and we will bring in time and we'll bring more detail in the weeks to come. But we'll be focusing more on increasing lithium hydroxide capacity as we need.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So right now, I would say there is no major issue around potential increase in the future of our cost in term of our ability to execute a strategy around carbonate and hydroxide.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah let me – I'll tell you the way we look at Ag Solutions right now. First let me talk about the Ag market as we see it for this year. I think we are not changing our view for 2016. We still believe it's a mid to high single digit down market mostly driven by North America and Brazil within the high teens. And maybe Asia and Europe to the low – sorry – in the high single-digit while Europe and Asia would be in the low to mid-single-digit decrease. So, we are not changing our view. It could be maybe turning more toward the high single-digit overall global market. The way – and why do I feel better about the way we are operating in the Ag market, it is not because we are seeing a fundamental change in the market in the short-term. But what I think we are doing at FMC, I think the key difference is that we know better how to operate in this type of market. I can tell you, you see it on our numbers, we are not fighting to keep market share on sales of product. We are much more looking at three type of objectives. First, it's very important for us and focusing only on FMC product is to decrease FMC product in the channels. The second aspect is we want to be able by doing that to focus more on the quality of the sales, which is more term, price and collection. And then, looking at all of that, the objective is to align more sales with a normal demand pattern. You see that on the numbers in Q1 in North America. Sales, down 35% I think, on slide four, while product on the ground were up above market, 7%. So the way we are operating in the market today, I believe, we have more control over our selling process than we might have had in the past when we got hit by the downturn. Beyond that, I would say, I would not exclude the market to turn around in 2017, but I have no indicators telling me that it will be the case. So I think we are much more focused, Mike, on operating under the current conditions with very high control on term, price, managing very closely in partnership with our customers our inventory, to create much more predictability in ourselves. So that's where the level of confidence for me is increasing at this stage. Market turnaround – I think we'll have to wait a little bit more and certainly to go into Q3, Q4 to have more visibility.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes we are not changing the -- actually we still have the same numbers, so the numbers we've been talking about $60 million, $70 million are very well in line and a full run rate of $140 million to $160 million getting into the middle of next year are also still the target. So there is no change in our numbers right now.
Pierre R. Brondeau: You know, I think whenever you talk about terms and pricing, we want to be highly cautious and slowly comment about we do. Our strategy today is quite, is quite simple. We are highly focused on maintaining our pricing at a healthy level. We are very vigilant on terms, as you know balance sheet is always a key challenge for a company like us. And more than ever we are highly disciplined on terms and not giving terms. What it means for us and only talking for FMC, what it means for us is certainly we are prepared to see timing change in our sales and that's what I've been talking about. We're not being willing to do anything to push product in the market if there is not a complete need from this product -- for this product by the market. You know, space shelf is a word we use a lot, but when you have technical product to be sold, those products you know they are needed. And then you have commercial contract with customers. So it is not a situation where because we are aligning ourselves with the market demand, that we are taking an enormous risk to see somebody taking our shelf space by the end of the year and us not being able to sell our product. For example, Mark talked about our Authority product line. It's a pre-emergent product. It's required – needs to be bought in Q4 and Q1. We know this product will be sold. So I think our strategy might be a bit differentiated but we are only focusing on ours along the line of what we discussed before.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Listen, I don't know what strategy our competitors are operating around. Their own market push of product discount. In our rationale, they tend to be, I think what we have made as a decision, and that's a decision we've made globally. We believe we're in a situation where the markets are such and the level of inventory in the channel are such, that you can't guide your activity by what the others are doing. I think we have a plan in place. We are working very, very closely in cooperation with our customers who understand our strategy. We're not going to sell in Q1, or Q2 or Q3 a product which is needed in Q4. And it makes sense, we maintain a healthy pricing and term situation. And that's what we're going to be focusing -- I believe what we're going to do during this downturn, and until these turns around is, we are not going to work hoping that the overall level of inventory in the market channel is going to go down. I think it's too tall of an order and too impractical. So, we're going to be focusing solely on FMC products. I think the numbers are quite spectacular. I said that many times; 34% sales done in the first quarter in North America plus 7% product on the ground. That is millions of dollars of inventory, which are outside of our customers' inventory. We still will need to replenish when the market needed. And that's the way we our operating. Our competitors will have to use the strategy which is appropriate for them.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think the way we look at it, and you know, there was a question before, I think it's Mike who asked that question around the level of confidence in the market. I think our strategy today, allow us to have more visibility in term of the timing and level of our sales because we become less dependent upon what the market is doing and rushing to place sales to be safe and have those on the shelf. So what it does to us it creates more predictability and maybe increase the level of confidence of how the quarters ahead of us are going to be unfolding. We know which product will be required usually, which technology will be required depending upon the season in Q4, in Q1 and Q2. And that's a discussion we have with our customers, that's the way we our operating, right now. So it's just giving us a bit more certainty on how things will unfold.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah, Chris, this is Mark. We've talked about North America in the past and in the US, we are seeing very good synergies with the fungicide portfolio from Cheminova going through our distribution network. In Latin America, obviously Brazil in the south, we're seeing increased sales through co-ops where we've made decisions which co-ops and which distribution network we'll go through. Argentina is certainly very beneficial for us. Obviously we have a bigger footprint there now. We have the right products for the soy market, so we're expecting to see growth in Argentina. And then in other parts of Latin America, I would say, obviously Mexico, Columbia, are two countries that we are focused on and we are seeing very good synergies in Colombia on these crops.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah, Frank, it's Mark. I think for us when we look at Glyphosate resistance, we are really talking about the US, Argentina as the two big markets. I think you know that through our Authority brands based upon sulfentrazone, we've had great success in the pre-emergent area in both those countries. I expect that to continue. There will be some headwinds with new technologies coming in. But I think to offset that, we still see more weeds getting resistance to glyphosate and more acres increasing especially in Argentina. It wouldn't surprise me if we don't start to see that in the next few years start to develop in Brazil as well and we are already positioning our brands in Brazilian soy for that area.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah, Steve, this is Mark. You know we talked about it earlier, I got a question earlier about whether we thought it would be a headwind or a tailwind. I think in the initial stages, I expect rates to be reduced. Good news is we know with Enlist and Xtend that there will still be recommend in the use of pre-emergent herbicides of which Authority is one of the market leaders. So we know we are going to have a substantial market there. I would say weed-resistant acres continue to grow, so we're going to see that pre-emergent continuing, certainly in the U.S. and as I said earlier, in Argentina. I think from an over-the-top perspective, I mean we have some very good products that we're going to be promoting such as our Cadet herbicide which we think will be a great tank mix partner for those products and really offer a broader spectrum of control. Don't expect to see as us in 2,4-D and Dicamba, that's just not the sort the business we're going to be in. We're going to be in the more differentiated products, more highly specialized where we can bring value to the growers and distribution.
