Pierre R. Brondeau: Thanks, Kim. Regarding our outlook for the fourth quarter, we anticipate a strong finish to the year. For the fourth quarter of 2011, we expect adjusted earnings of $1.30 to $1.40 per diluted share, a 23% increase above last year at the midpoint of this range. In Agricultural Products, we look for segment earnings to increase in the low teens, led by growth in Latin America, partially offset by increased spending on targeted growth initiatives and higher raw material costs. In Specialty Chemicals, we project earnings to increase in the mid-teens as higher volume and selling price in the old [ph] BioPolymer and lithium product line are partially offset by higher raw material costs. In Industrial Chemicals, we expect earnings growth be approximately 50% for the fourth quarter, driven by higher selling prices in soda ash and peroxygen, the benefit of volume growth in soda ash export market and the continued shift towards specialties in peroxygen.  Move to our outlook for the full year 2011. We have raised the midpoint of our previous outlook, and now expect adjusted earnings of $5.70 to $5.80 per diluted share, a 16% increase above last year, the midpoint of this range. As Milton said, our Agricultural Products segment expects to achieve its eighth consecutive year of record earnings, up approximately 10% versus a year ago, driven by strong market conditions across most regions and the contribution of new and recently introduced products, while increased spending on growth initiatives and absorbing higher raw material costs. Specialty Chemicals is expected to deliver its sixth consecutive year of record earnings in the high single digits, led by the seventh consecutive year of record earnings in BioPolymer and sales gains in lithium specialties, partially offset by increased spending on growth initiatives and higher raw material costs. And in our Industrial Chemicals segment, we expect the highest earnings growth, up approximately 25% to 30%, driven by broad-based sales gains across soda ash and peroxygen and the continued [indiscernible] mix shift towards specialty peroxygen. With that, I thank you for your time and attention, and I'll be happy to take your questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think my -- it's impossible -- it's very possible -- it's very important for us, Frank, to make it very clear. The specialty business, the food, pharma and BioPolymer were very strong and exactly where we're expecting. The margin compression was solely due to the Lithium business, and we can very surely say that those issues are behind us going into the fourth quarter. But there was absolutely no -- nothing we were not forecasting on the BioPolymer side.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Frank, it is not the case for FMC. We are obviously seeing a very strong start of the Latin American season in the third quarter, but those are not sales which were taken from the fourth quarter. We're expecting a very strong fourth quarter. And I think we can also say today that we are looking forward to a very strong first quarter in 2012. So there is no pulling forward of sales into the third quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, I mean, we will not add anything to what I'm saying, but we are seeing raw materials pressure. And let me a little bit quantify all of that in general. If you'll get all of the headwind we had, the currency impact, the raw material pricing, the mix effect, well, about a $30 million to $35 million headwind. On the raw materials front, we pretty much, not all of it but pretty much covered with price increase most of the cost increase. It's going to take a few quarters to really say that we are all covered 100% just because, as you know, when costs increase, the price always come with a little lag and usually stick a little bit beyond when raw material price goes down. So the time effect should balance us out with a good coverage of our raw material. We believe the pressure will be here on raw material for the next couple of quarters, but that's about the visibility we have, and we intend to fully cover that with price.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Most of them were capitalized in the first half of the year, and I think they were mostly expenses in the third quarter but being more than offset by the benefit of selling product from the expansion.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I don't know if I should say fortunately or unfortunately, but when we talked with our team today, we believe we'll be again out of capacity by the time we close on 2012 or start on to 2013.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We're going to look -- right now, we are making decisions around the large expansion we have to do for Lithium business. So we're expecting to make a decision sometime in December for a larger expansion, mostly done in a couple of tranches, expecting a start-up of the new plant by 2014.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Not that we can see today. As you know, we've always been, of all of the lithium suppliers, the most conservative company in terms of forecast of the penetration of lithium in energy storage. Today, we are not changing our view in terms of the 2015 and 2020 numbers, but we have to say that the curve or the growth is increasing versus our initial models with maybe sales being stronger in energy storage in 2013 and 2014 than what we're expecting.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So we -- 2 things. We are not seeing it today. So we have no indication that there is a slowdown in that field, which is impacting us. Now we have to be careful because if you look at lithium, we are very early in the supply chain. So we are not a good indicator. So all in all, we are operating at 100% capacity utilization. So we are pushing back on orders, if anything. So we're not a very good indicator, but we have no evidence whatsoever that there is a slowdown.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think, just to repeat, Milton said it, and I won't to insist on that, it is not an easily repeatable strategy. Just a few points. Again, going asset-light for any other company is a very difficult process and a very expensive process and it takes time. Having the relationship with companies to do technology scouting and having partnership and licensing, you build that over a number of years. Having the core competencies in formulation, because we have become over time formulations expert, that's where we focus. It's something which takes time. And then last one, we are really crop-focused, which is not something you can do overnight. So I believe we do have a sustainable advantage on the way we are operating in our ag business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, no shift. I think the interesting thing is that companies do have markets -- market value which are lower today, but the premium and the multiple are still high. So we are continuing with our focused approach, small companies, medium-sized companies, product line acquisition, where we can have more of the synergies being growth synergies, like all of those acquisition we have acquired. Yes, we are sticking right now with our $800 million external growth strategy between now and 2015 coming from small and medium-sized acquisitions. We're not shifting to bigger acquisition.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Peter. I think today, if you remember Vision 2015, we -- last year, the company had about $3 billion in sales, and we were contemplating organic growth taking us to about $4.2 billion. Today, we could see our way to $4.6 billion, $4.7 billion in organic growth, which is additional $400 million to $500 million. But it would highly depend upon decisions we would make around capital investment, which we have not made. We still have a discussion with our Board in December. So by the end of December, we should have a very clear idea of what we will be undertaking and when. So those opportunities do depend upon the speed at which we realize some of the capital investments we could make. But yes, we could see a way if all goes well and if we would do all of the capital we want to do or we possibly could do to a $4.6 billion.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We -- what we will be doing with FMC is making the businesses we have in ag, food, pharmaceutical, lithium and industrial -- we intend to make those businesses stronger with a broader product line. The only place where we will have a slightly new business, but mostly with technology which are currently within the portfolio or we could acquire, would be in environmental solutions. So we'll bring -- we are looking today and contemplating the path needed to create a growth platform in air, water and ground remediation. And we do have some good ideas on how to build that, but this is a few months away. Now it will not be to the extent of what was done in [indiscernible] where we built a $2.5 billion. I think the difference between FMC today and Rohm and Haas 10 years ago is that we do have the businesses which have growth potential organically and inorganically Rohm and Haas do not have. So I don't think we need to branch out of our core businesses to have a good growth story.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, it's from 2010 to 2015. Now that being said, the small acquisitions we do today will represent -- or represent little growth in terms of sales because they are small companies, but they have very interesting growth platforms. So it's going to be an organic growth based on inorganic growth. So we'll buy some companies and we'll grow them. But the $800 million is from the 2010 numbers to the 2015 numbers.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We -- well, first, as Kim said, we completed the $100 million share repurchase. And we made a commitment in term of share repurchase and return of cash to shareholders in a 5-year period between 2010 and 2015. So we are not finished for what we can do over a 5-year period. So we always look at the possibility to move up or stay on schedule. So it's something we constantly look at, but something we will be talking about in the month to come in term of when is the next action we'll be able to take in term of share repurchase. But it's something we constantly have in front of us, and we'll be letting you know when the next one will come.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, it is correct. That is the product line which is by far the fastest-growing product line and more than the other 2. It is linked to the applications. And the markets that product line is serving, and especially on the food side, the growth in China in the dairy market, which is one of the reasons for which, in addition to the 2 expansions we've been doing over the current sites in Europe and North America, we are looking to make a decision between now and the end of the year for an expansion in Asia where we have the fastest growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Most of the growth outside of ag in Europe is driven by BioPolymer. That is, we need a product line today which is the fastest-growing product line. If I look quarter-on-quarter, we are -- for overall Specialty in Europe, we are in the high teens.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right. Well, thank you very much for your time and your interest. Just let me reiterate a few words where I believe FMC is. I think we are off a good quarter, and we are contemplating today a solid fourth quarter with a very healthy demand in the markets we are serving.  All in all, we are pleased we -- where we stand, and we believe we are on line with our 2015 objective or even above these objectives at all levels, whether it's on the organic growth, financials, ratios, cash returns to our shareholders and even external growth where we are very pleased with the progress made to date and the pipeline we have in front of us. So on those words, I want to thank all of you for your time and in a few months.
Mark A. Douglas: Mike, this is Mark. Domestic has been running at about 1% to 2% volume change year-on-year as we've gone through this year. We're really not seeing that changing at the moment. And your comments around export, we see the global markets running at about 4%, and that's been pretty consistent throughout this year. So bottom line for us on volume, no real change in terms of demand as we go through Q4.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, I think your analysis is pretty good. Obviously, we -- we're at the very early stages of negotiations for next year, and I don't have any news to convey at this call. We will have by the February call. But given the fact that we're in a sold-out position as is the rest of the soda ash industry in North America, yes, we have a very positive outlook for next year.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Rosemarie, this is Mark. In some degree, yes, there would be a potential environmental play in the oil and gas area, whether it's for biocidal uses or for frac-ing chemicals. Both of those are of interest to us, and we do have applications there today with our technologies. So the environmental field crosses over there. So there may well be an overlap.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, that is a new application for us with our partners in terms of using trona for removing acid gas from utilities. It is a technology that's used today. And we're expanding. We will have a new plant onstream by the end of 2012, which will have about a 400,000-ton capacity. This is all driven by legislation in the U.S. And it uses our key raw material, which is trona which we mine in Wyoming.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, mercury is obviously an issue that's getting a lot of press, and we do not play in that field with our ground trona.
Mark A. Douglas: Kevin, this is Mark. We are running at pretty close now in the fourth quarter to our 500,000-ton capacity. But obviously, that's being skewed. I would guess round about 175,000 tons as we went through the quarter, as a rough guess.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, because we ramped up July 1, basically, and it was a ramp-up as we moved through the quarters. So we were slow at the beginning in the quarter, getting up to a decent rate at the end of the quarter. And now we're moving along at just below the 500,000-ton rate.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Mike. This is Michael Wilson. And BioPolymer did have a strong quarter and, in fact, saw a margin improvement during the quarter year-over-year. So both benefits from price and volume.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Frank, this is Michael Wilson. And really, all of the EBIT margin compression we saw in the quarter was related to Lithium and associated with the operational issues we had in Argentina. I think we guided at the last call that we expected that to be about a $3 million impact. And I would say it was in that range, but maybe a bit to the high side of $3 million. And that was really the issue.
D. Michael Wilson: Well, I was just going to say that in both the quarter and for the year-to-date in BioPolymer, we have more than recovered all raw material and energy cost increases with higher pricing. So without quantifying it, we're ahead on price.
D. Michael Wilson: I think in terms of our own expansion, I think that our next expansion is -- most likely, in all probability would be at Hombre Muerto and not outside there. So for one, that Pierre referenced in the 2014 time frame. I think for an expansion that we might need beyond that, and right now that's probably looking like 2017, we probably would consider other resource options in addition to further expansion in Argentina.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, and just for clarification, I think we announced a 20% increase on lithium carbonate and a range of increases, from 15% to 25%, on the other lithium salts. And then on downstream butyllithium, we had announced an 8% increase. Most of our contracts -- not quite to the degree that you see in soda ash, our annual contracts, a lot of that negotiation is going to be going on in the fourth quarter. So I don't really have a quantification of it, but I would say we are seeing traction in the price increase discussions and fully anticipate that we're going to have higher pricing in 2012 versus 2011.
