Mark Douglas: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slides 9 and 10. I want to provide an early look at the key market and cost dynamics underpinning our emerging view of next year. Soft commodity prices remain robust and stock-to-use ratios for key crops remained below the average for the past decade, growers around the world will continue to rely on our advanced technologies to deliver high yields while they combat erratic weather and persistent drought conditions. As a result, we expect the overall crop protection market will grow in the low to mid-single-digit range next year on a US dollar basis. This favorable backdrop, combined with our continued pricing actions, strong demand for our newest technologies and further market access gains will provide solid support for profitable growth in 2023. There have been significant cumulative cost and FX headwinds to EBITDA over the past couple of years, which we intend to recoup through pricing and lower costs going forward. Clearly, all the recovery will not take place within a single year, but we expect to shift to improving margins in the second half of 2023. Headwinds to the top line will come from FX volatility as well as a normal range of registration losses, potential factors that could drive 2023 revenue higher include stronger market growth, better pricing or product mix and a reduction in FX volatility. On the supply front, we expect greater stability as we continue diversifying our raw material sources and experience fewer disruptions. Input cost inflation is expected to decelerate, and hence, input costs are expected to become a year-over-year tailwind in the second half of the year. In fact, we are already seeing improvements in the availability and cost of logistics. Regarding internal costs, SG&A and R&D expenses will grow at or below the rate of sales growth. Investments will be focused on commercializing new products, expanding market access and developing new chemical and biological solutions. Potential factors that could drive 2023 EBITDA higher include faster-than-expected easing of input costs and the potential for improved SG&A leverage. Taking all of this into consideration, we expect FMC's growth momentum will continue throughout next year with margin expansion in the second half of 2023. To conclude, the second half of 2022 is playing out is largely as forecasted. We delivered solid results in the third quarter, despite peak cost headwinds. For full year 2022, we expect to deliver another record performance. FMC has thrived in a year of unprecedented challenges. Our team successfully navigated logistics bottlenecks around the world. We have made steady progress derisking our global supply base, which we will continue to do next year. We have maintained disciplined controls on discretionary spending, and at the same time, we continue to invest in the future with the acquisition of BioPhero which enhances our biologicals platform as well as increased investments in R&D. Finally, our continued investments to expand FMC's market access in key regions and countries are producing strong results and market share gains. Looking to 2023, we are optimistic based on what we see at this point. Crop Protection fundamentals appear to be positive for next year, which bodes well for market demand across our existing portfolio.  New product introductions based on our latest technologies as well as new biological solutions are doing extremely well and they will drive mix improvement. We are seeing signs of raw materials, logistics and supply challenges will continue to ease next year, providing a positive tailwind to margins in the second half of 2023. Once again, when we look at the full picture for 2023, we remain upbeat on market fundamentals and the performance we expect to deliver.  I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions
Mark Douglas: Yes, certainly, Laurent. Well, first of all, let me clear up that little misunderstanding. We do expect margins to improve as we exit 2023 versus where we are today in 2022. So margins will improve next year. I think that's an important point because we have been talking about first half versus second half, but full year will be positive. Obviously, we've described quite a few times how costs flow through our P&L. The materials that we're buying in the second half of this year give us very good insight into the costs for the first half of next year.  And we are seeing costs still higher than they were, but the rate of increase is slowing down, and that's very important because what that tells us is that as we enter the first half of next year, the materials that we will be buying and the cost of flow through the P&L in the second half of the year will be lower. So that's how we see the first half, second half. So costs go from being somewhat of a headwind in the first half to somewhat of a tailwind in the second half. Now when we talk about the full year, we don't have a budget at this point. So we are giving what we describe as an early look at next year. I think, though, that when you think about our five-year plan that we put in place in 2018, our top line of 5% to 7% growth and now 7% to 9% growth on the bottom line, they're very much where we're thinking we can be next year.  And when you think about the slides that we put out there in terms of the cost dynamic and the market dynamics, market dynamics are pretty positive for us. So if you think about the following: if you think about price up next year in the sort of low to mid-single-digit range, you think of volume the same in the low to mid-single-digit range. You've got some registration losses. And you've got a market that's growing in the low to mid-single-digit range. You take that, you take an FX headwind probably in the low to mid-single digits, it's quite easy to see as being within the middle to the upper end of that 5% to 7% range, and that's how we're sort of modeling it at the very early stages. We described in the slides things that can move us up and down and if we're in that range, then obviously, we're going to get EBITDA leverage, and you should see EBITDA in that 7% to 9% range as well as improved margins. So the algorithm works, I'm confident in what we see in terms of our own portfolio, new product introductions coming in next year. It is a volatile world, but we are pretty confident about what we see next year, Laurent.
Mark Douglas: Yes -- no, seriously, we have a range for a reason. We don't necessarily see that range as wide. There are a lot of things going on in the world right now, as we all know. I would say the season in Latin America, as we've said, has started well. We planned for that in Q3. We took advantage of that. We expect it to continue in Latin America as we go through Q4 and Q1. It is a strange time of the year because not only is the Latin American season in full swing, but things are moving in North America, things are starting to move in Europe ahead of the season. So it's a time of volatility in demand. And as we've said before, we tend to look at the years in two halves. Well, that applies to Q4 and Q1. So yes, there is a range there, but we don't consider it too broad. We're confident of our ability to deliver on Q4, looks good in Latin America, looks good in North America and Europe is gearing up well. So overall, I think the midpoint is where we said we would be for the full year, and we really haven't changed the second half at all. You've seen that in the numbers. It's going to be a good second half for us. So I think the range is appropriate for what we see in terms of what's going on in the world.
Mark Douglas: Thanks, Chris. Yes. So let me take the diamides first. This year, year-to-date, we're up in the high mid-single digits. We would expect that same growth rate next year as we go forward. We're getting new registrations, especially for Cyazypyr. That market is growing rapidly in many parts of the world, which is good news. On new products, the new products are about $600 million this year in terms of overall revenue. We're about 10% of revenue. We would expect that to increase next year. I don't have the exact amount, but I would expect it to move upwards in terms of overall revenue, certainly given the strength of what we've seen over the last couple of years with new product introductions. And then the plant health business is doing extremely well. It's growing north of 20% this year. Biological is growing even faster than that. I would expect that business to continue growth of north of 20% as we go into next year, driven mainly by biologicals.  So overall, that whole new product mix that we have going through the business is getting stronger every year. And it's interesting when you think about it, we closed the DuPont deal five years ago this week, which is frankly hard to believe, but the $600 million of what we call products launched in the last five years have all been put in the marketplace since that acquisition. So, it just shows the power of that innovation engine that we have, and it's certainly been accelerating as we've gone over those 5 years. So more to come from that pipeline, but hopefully, that gives you sort of a flavor of how the 3 pieces fall out.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Vincent. Yes, it does vary by region. And it varies in the method of how we implement prices in certain parts of the world, such as Europe or the US, we have a price book that goes out before the season starts, and all sales are based upon those price books. Now over the last two years, we had actually changed mid-season because of just the scale of what we see. In other parts of the world like Latin America, the cost and the prices moved constantly. So it's not as if you have a price, you're moving prices constantly. So the way we see next year, we are definitely moving prices. We already have in the US. We are in Europe as well. We're also moving in parts of Asia. So we're on the track to recoup the EBITDA that we've had the compression with over the last couple of years. And as I said, we're not going to get that all back in one year. So 2023, 2024 will be the years of us coming down the other side of that curve as we hold price and raise price in certain parts of the world. So yes, I think the basic answer is, we continue to be aggressive on price. We've had margin compression that we don't like, and we're going to get those margins back.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, I think once you start down the road of expanding where you're actually selling then growth rates accelerate, and that's what we've seen. I'll just give you a little factoid that we talked about growth in Latin America being very strong. 50% of our growth in Brazil in the third quarter was our new market access. So what does that basically mean? It means we're selling onto new acres that we never sold them to before. We're selling to broader distributors and co-ops with deeper relationships. And we're selling a portfolio that is somewhat different to what we've sold before. For instance, I talked about the bifenthrin based products for [indiscernible] that is a big problem in the Brazilian soybean market and we have the best solution there.  So we're expanding our sales into new areas. US is another good example. We've added a number of salespeople and tech service people over the last 12 months. That means we're calling on more retailers. We're calling on different distribution outlets, and we're getting our portfolio into hands that have never been in there before. So, when you think about FMC's price and volume growth, that volume growth is not to the same customers.  The volume growth is going to new people, new markets, new acres, new crops that we've not been on before. So, we see that as something very positive. And I would say we're at the beginning of a multiyear asset by FMC to really improve our market access, which will improve our market share and profitability. I'm very happy with what I see today. Obviously, we have to train new sales people. We have to train tech service. But you know what, within a 12-month period, good salespeople start to get returns, and we're seeing that now.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. It's hard to believe that we've owned the business for three or four months, there's been a lot of progress. First of all, on integration. Integration has gone very smoothly. The good news is that our biologicals platform and plant health platform is based in Copenhagen, which is where BioPhero are based, and we're only about kilometers apart from each other. So that's working really well. There's been very good dialogue there.  I think the most important thing that I can tell you is that we made our first commercial sales in the last three to four months. We made our first commercial batches of one product, and we've actually scaled up a second product. So the timing was very good for us. It allowed us to integrate and get the first commercial sales, that's an important step to prove that the technology works and customers are willing to buy that technology is very important. The pipeline is pretty much as what we said it was. We have five products in research today and then moving through at the rate that we would expect. I think the most important other aspect is manufacturing strategy. This is fermentation and it is new technology to FMC.  Our manufacturing groups are hiring people right now with fermentation capabilities to augment what BioPhero have and we're making great progress on our strategy for where are we going to manufacture? Are we going to do it ourselves or we doing it with third parties? Is it a combination? So all of that is going very well. Second part of your question, Kevin, regarding the inorganic opportunities for M&A. We do have a number of targets that we're looking at today from a plant health perspective. They are based around the biologicals platform. I'm not going to say any more than that, except that this is, and I've said it in numerous times, this is an area of focus for FMC, not only from an M&A perspective, but from our ventures group as well. I think many of you know that we set up a ventures group about 2.5 years ago. Actually, BioPhero was one of the first companies that we ever invested in. We do have other investments in peptides that are going very well. These are new areas for biologicals to be used as pesticides. So I expect to see more from us on that M&A front.
Mark Douglas: No, I don't -- it's Mark here. I don't think so. I think we're in the high single digits. That's a lot of price when you're at our size and especially with our EBITDA margins. So for us, it's not -- you're never going to get all of this back in one or two quarters. The costs flow over a period of time and you work your way through back on a same sort of principle.  At the end of the day, we are a fine and specialty chemical company. We're not a commodity chemical company. So it takes us a little bit to get it on one side. But on the other side, we keep it. And I think that's an important asset that you have to remember. I think Andrew outlined pretty well, the inflationary aspect that we're thinking through. But for me, I think the way we're growing the business, and don't forget this year is going to be a record year for us. I think we're taking the appropriate actions on price and we'll continue to do so. And in addition, we're gaining market share by our market access activities. So I think the two combined produce very strong results.
Christopher Parkinson: [Technical Difficulty] Top-down perspective on the growth rates for the diamides, plant health, on new products, including Cyazypyr [ph]. And just -- I think you said registration losses would be more or less in line with historical averages. Just any preliminary thoughts on how we should be thinking about that throughout the balance of 2023. Thank you very much.
Christopher Parkinson: Oh, I'm sorry. No, I was just asking you to potentially parse out your preliminary thoughts on growth rates for the diamides, your plant and health portfolio and new products just broad-based thinking of how you're assessing that. Thank you.
Christopher Parkinson: That's very helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, if we aggregate the quarterly cost headwinds, so the recent $169 million in Q3, you got plus or minus 3.79% year-to-date. A part of that is raw materials part of that, I believe, transportation logistics. And part of that is also, correct me if I'm wrong, operating on getting – procuring certain raw materials that are off contract. In addition to this, let's say, standardized the potential for raws to roll over, how should we think about the other parts of that, so in terms of optimizing procurement from your core suppliers and then also transportation in terms of freight costs and everything else. Just if you have any other details on that, that would also be incredibly helpful? Thank you.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. I think we've talked in the past about the makeup of our cost headwinds. The largest piece being active ingredients or the intermediate used to produce them. Those are very specific to FMC into our product mix. So, while certainly, I think people are seeing some cost turning in certain commodity chemical categories, for example, given the nature that most of our cost headwind has really been around the supply/demand dynamics and disruption of availability for these very specialized intermediates and active ingredients that we purchased. That decrease in disruption that Mark referenced is starting to give that benefit of allowing us to reconcentrate purchases back on strategic suppliers. And that's where we're expecting to see the turn. That is our biggest cost bucket these raw materials that for active ingredients and the intermediates. It's also the slowest to flow through our P&L. So that's why it takes the longest time to react to changes. But we do see some good reasons to be optimistic there. Packaging is our second largest -- much smaller, but second largest cost bucket. It's still very mixed, where we've seen some reduction in input raw material costs in certain parts of the world, but still some disruptions in availability. It's still a mixed area for us and an area where we are optimistic to see improvement going into 2023. And then as Mark commented, certainly on logistics, which is the smallest of the three buckets, but the one that flows through our PL most quickly, we are seeing some signs of improvement both in ocean and air as well as in rail in terms of availability and cost.
Andrew Sandifer: Right? And EBITDA, I think, Joe, just to put a couple of markers down, with our five-year goals, at the midpoint of our guidance for this year, revenue would be 7.4% compounded. So above the high end of our 5% to 7% range that we target over that time period. EBITDA is just about 6% at the midpoint. And as Mark pointed out, that's after swallowing $25 million in lost EBIT in -- by the exit of our Russian business absent that decision a little bit better. I think the comments earlier in the call and in the script are been Mark made around the 5% to 7%, 7% to 9%, very specifically to single year 2023. We think that relationship of top line and bottom line, where the top line grows at a multiple of the overall market with a balance of pricing and volume, and where the bottom line grows faster and we see margin expansion, particularly in the second half, as we've discussed some of those dynamics is the right way to be thinking about 2023.  But I'll echo Mark's earlier comment. We don't have a budget yet. We're in the midst of that roll-up process. This is from working through that process and I think a recognition of a very strong market backdrop that we're operating in right now. And I think a good – some good signs of momentum in the right direction around costs and continued strength with volume.
Andrew Sandifer: So let me hit both pieces. I think, yes, we did bring down the midpoint of our CapEx guidance this year by about $25 million. That's really driven by availability of materials and labor to do the projects we had in the pipeline. We still think $150 million to $175 million is the right range, steady state for our business and it's also limited by our own internal capability to execute. So I don't expect some big step up in CapEx next year.  But $150 million to $175 million is probably a more normalized range looking to '23 and beyond. In terms of the working capital impacts on cash flow, look, we're dealing with massive cost inflation and large price increases at the midpoint, $650 million in sales growth this year. Given our cash cycle, it's going to take a little while to catch back up and have that flow all the way through and be collected. With the higher sales in Q4, the dynamics of the -- where the markets we sell in, in Q4, so that you don't collect on those sales in the same quarter. So that's the reason for the decrement down in free cash flow this year. And as I commented in the script, and I'll echo here, we do expect to revert back to the more normal 70% to 80% conversion range next year as we work through some of that and catch up on some of that inflation on working capital. We are still expecting some inflation in cost next year. We are expecting to continue raising prices next year but at a lower rate. So it should not be the same substantial headwind in cash that we have this year. It really is that just catching up on very, very rapid inflation and price escalation that's hitting our working capital in the short term.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. Adam, I would just add, I think as you think about expectations for 2023, in particular, as Mark pointed out, that shift in cost from being a headwind to a tailwind is likely second half. And then just the nature of catching up on that cumulative price cost, FX relationship, that's going to take more than a year to do, and Mark had commented that in our prepared comments. That is not something that's just going to switch back immediately. We will continue raising prices. We'll continue holding prices as costs begin to decelerate and turn the other direction, that's when we'll see the margin to catch up and the catch up on that relationship. So could next year be better than 7% to 9% at the bottom line? Possible. Again, we don't have a budget yet. But what we do feel very confident about is that relationship between top line growth at a multiple of the overall market driven by a balance of volume and pricing, with leverage to the bottom line, particularly in the second half next year as we get to a reversal of the cost direction that we've had for past multiple years, that, I think, is something we can feel very confident about going into 2023, even in the absence of a full budget.
Andrew Sandifer: No. I think at this point, I've just guided that we would expect SG&A and R& D to grow no faster than sales. That would allow plenty of room to continue funding the investments Mark has described to deal with inflation. And then on the SG&A side, in particular, we're continuing to drive leverage out of our back office. We are making investments in customer-facing market access areas of SG&A, but in more of the back office business process part of SG&A, we're working very hard to continue to drive efficiencies out of the business. So that kind of leverage on sort of back office SG&A you should also expect to continue.
Andrew Sandifer: And I think, Steve, just one last comment there. You have to think about maintaining that, if we continue to have effective full year price increase next year and the second half where costs are declining, you get that -- you're starting to get real margin recovery. So raising prices into that are -- we're basically trying to set the price where we can hold it and hold that margin as costs begin to decelerate and recoup the margin with decelerating costs and the stickiness of those price increases. As Mark mentioned, that's very much the hallmark of a specialty business as opposed to a commodity business.
A – Mark Douglas: Well, I think generally speaking, overall, we would say we're happy where inventory levels are in the marketplace. There are pockets of higher inventories. We talked about India before. The last few years, with the weather monsoons played out and rice acreage reductions, have not been great. So we're working through inventory there. I would say in the US, things are fine. Europe is pretty okay for us. one or two pockets in the South because of the dry weather that we had last year. I would say in Latin America, there are parts of Brazilian market where they had a drought last year that you can imagine inventories are high. Inventories are high right now in Brazil because we're in the planting season. But we're happy with where our inventories are right now.
A – Mark Douglas: No, I don't think so, Adam. We're investing in R&D at an appropriate rate right now. That will step up next year as obviously we continue. We're introducing new products into our pipeline. Precision Ag is getting the appropriate funding and that is growing well for us. And then on the SG&A side, we will not slow down on the market access investments around the world. And then we have the inflationary rates that we see for people costs around the world as we go into next year. But I don't think there's anything there that I would call a step up. Andrew, I don't think there's anything.
A – Mark Douglas: Yes, I think I said it earlier at the beginning, when we think about next year, pricing in that low to mid-single-digit range, volume in the low to mid-single-digit range is appropriate for how we're thinking our early thinking for next year. So if you're specifically focused on price, I would think in that low to mid range.
A – Mark Douglas: Thank you. Yes, most of -- taking the second one first. Most of the costs have already been embedded in the Latin American business, and we'll see those benefits. We've seen them already, but we'll see them accelerate as we go through next year. On the diamides in Asia, listen, there's two very big markets for us, rice and fruit and vegetables and pretty much every country grows rice and pretty much every country grows fruit and vegetables. Diamides in Asia is our biggest market, about 50% of the diamides sold in Asia. So you could think about pretty much every country are our major markets and rice and key ones
