Mark Douglas: Thank you, Andrew. Moving to Slide 10 and the review of our full-year 2020 and Q1 earnings outlook. We expect full-year adjusted earnings of $6.45 to $6.70 per diluted share, representing an 8% increase at the midpoint. This outlook for EPS does not include the impact of share repurchases in 2020. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $4.8 billion to $4.95 billion, representing 6% growth at the midpoint and 7% organic growth compared to 2019. Total company adjusted EBITDA is forecasted to be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.34 billion, reflecting 8% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. Looking at the first quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $1.76 to $1.86, representing an increase of 5% at the midpoint versus Q1 2019 and assuming a share count of approximately $131 million. We forecast Q1 revenue to be in the range of $1.23 billion to $1.27 billion, representing 5% growth at the midpoint compared to the first quarter of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA is forecasted to be in the range of $346 million to $366 million, representing a 4% increase at the midpoint versus the prior year period. Turning now to our 2020 EBITDA bridge on Slide 11. Our EBITDA growth is expected to be driven by volume gains and continued price increases. We should note that we are also expecting to invest about $40 million more on R&D in 2020. This increase is driven by our continued success in moving molecules into development from discovery in 2019. Total R&D spend should be approximately 7% of sales versus 6.5% of sales in 2019 as we continue to expand and progress 22 new active ingredients and eight new biologicals towards commercialization. Tariffs will be higher in 2020 while raw material costs will not materially improve until the second half of 2020. We will realize about $20 million in annual savings as we exit the Transition Services Agreement this month. Foreign exchange is also forecasted to be a headwind in 2020 as the U.S. dollar has further strengthened versus key currencies. However, if you exclude the incremental $40 million in R&D spend, our price increases will cover over 100% of the combined headwinds from cost and FX. I would also like to highlight our revenue drivers. We forecast 2020 revenue growth of 6% overall and 7% organically. Volume is expected to contribute 5% to growth, including about 1.5% from new products launched in 2020 and pricing is expected to contribute 2% growth. These are slightly offset by a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. One aspect of our portfolio management that we do not often highlight is the change in the makeup of our portfolio. As is the case every year, in 2020 we will have an adverse impact from lost registrations on molecules as well as decisions to exit some product lines. This typically represents a drag of about 2% of our revenues and yet in 2019, we still grew volume 8%. These portfolio impacts are factored into our long-term revenue growth targets. Our long-term product strategy of investing in an increasingly sustainable product portfolio requires that we continually replace older chemistries with newer, more sustainable technologies. As part of this effort, as of the end of the year 2019, FMC has stopped selling all carbofuran formulations, including fewer than insecticide globally. Moving to Slide 12 where we will provide the key drivers for EBITDA and revenue growth in the first quarter. First quarter performance will be driven by strong volume growth, including new product launches, which are expected to deliver about a third of our total revenue growth in the quarter. These launches include Authority Edge pre-emergent herbicide for soybeans in the U.S. and Battle Delta herbicide for cereals in Europe. Pricing actions are expected to fully offset the FX headwinds at the revenue level. Shifting to the Global Crop Protection market. We project the total market will grow in the low-single digits in 2020 on a U.S. dollar basis with each region also growing by low-single digits. We forecast Asia will have the highest growth rate, assuming a partial rebound in Australia and more normalized weather conditions across the region. In North America, growth is expected to come from recovery in acreage for row crops, offset by a higher than normal channel inventory levels heading into the year. In Latin America, growth in soybeans and corn are expected to lead the crop protection market in Brazil. In EMEA, growth will be driven by spring cereal herbicides following the challenging winter cereal seeding. I will now turn the call back to Pierre.
Mark Douglas: Yes, Chris, you're absolutely right. We are heavyweight in insecticides. I believe, we're the world's leader in insecticide. So we're not disappointed with that profile at all. However, you're right. We do want to increase our participation in fungicides. And really we're doing that in three ways. First of all is our current portfolio, which is limited, but with very, very interesting products. We launched a new product this year or 2019, Lucento in North America. It's going extremely well. To be frank, I think if we'd have had more capacity, we'd have been able to sell more. So there is the notion of selling what we have today. Second to that is what we have in our pipeline, when you think about our discovery and development pipeline. We currently have today five new fungicides in our pipeline, three of which have brand new modes of action not seen before. So we know we have the long-term view, which is very strong from the fungicide perspective. Closer to home, we will be launching in 2021 a brand new fungicide called Fluindapyr. We'll be launching that around the world. That will also add to the growth rate as we go through sort of the second half of our plan. And then third is how we acquire technologies or access to products around the world. We are under active discussions and in fact some of the agreements that we have in place today for the diamides allow us access to various fungicides in different markets. So we pursue in pretty much every avenue we know to really grow that fungicides as fast as possible. But it is a target for us.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Mark, you're right. Cyazypyr was launched later than Rynaxypyr. I would say it is somewhat more of a difficult sell. As we've got our hands around the products. We understand that it has some attributes when it comes to the performance that also has plant health benefits in terms of how a plant responds to Cyazypyr and how Cyazypyr removes the pests. We’ve talked about the size of our business in diamides over 2019. It's about $1.6 billion business. Cyazypyr is growing rapidly, much faster than Rynaxypyr and is in the $350 million to $400 million range going forward. So it's already become a significant molecule. We don't believe at this point that its growth profile is slowing down, certainly not in the near-term. So you can expect us to talk more about Cyazypyr and especially the growth rates as we go forward.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Frank, they cover both Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr. As Pierre said, we are under pretty tight confidentiality rules here, but suffice to say 11 different countries so far, all major crops and more importantly some crops and markets that we are not active in today with the diamides. So think of it in terms of growth from a market access perspective in various countries around the world. And these are not products that are just straight Rynaxypyr or Cyazypyr. They are mixtures and sophisticated formulations with active ingredients that we don't have access to. So the fundamental purpose here is not only to defend our franchise and grow it over the next decade, but also to expand the pool of where we operate. Think about it this way. The insecticide market is about a $15 billion market. A lot of the older chemistries are going away. And we have about $1.6 billion worth of business with the diamides. We have plenty of room to grow here over the long haul and that is the purpose of what we're doing.
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure. So let's put it in perspective. You're talking about seed bundling. You're really talking about major row crops in the Midwest of the U.S. And frankly, when you look at that as an overall component of our business, it's not the majority of our business by a long way. And even in the U.S., we have tremendous exposure outside of the Midwest. We don't see the bundling aspect as a competitive threat to us. The meeting Pierre was referencing, Pierre and I and the whole of the North America commercial team, we were with 250 retailers and distribution companies in the U.S. last week. And we spent three or four days talking about the market. Where are we? What's our competitive offering? And I can tell you at no time did we hear that the combination of seeds and chemicals is a detriment to our growth.  In fact, we had the opposite. We had the fact that our offerings are offering technology on anybody seeds. It doesn't matter who seeds you buy. Can be an independent, can be one of the big two or three. So for us, we see this as an extreme positive and so do our retailers and so do our distribution partners. So in that sense, no, I don't see the seeds. Combination has been an issue for us. On the last bucket that you had Steve, on e-commerce, we actually see e-commerce is having a place in the marketplace. But frankly, we see it at the low end of the market. It's easy to sell a generic on price. It's not easy to sell a very sophisticated pre-emergent herbicide or a very sophisticated diamide insecticide online. We don't participate in those forums. We will not participate in those forums. Our customers are the people that are offering the service levels down on the ground with the growers. So for us, we're not seeing anything impacting our overall North America business through e-commerce.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Mike, it is a little bit of all of the above. As Pierre indicated, our legacy portfolio we believe is growing in roughly the mid-single digits. I would say across the board, we're seeing the highest growth rates with the fungicide portfolio that we have, spent a lot of time on growing that around the world, mainly in North America. Certainly the legacy insecticide portfolio is doing extremely well, especially in Latin America where we have some very, very good products that are going into the soy complex. And then we would come to the herbicides, where we see growth in both the U.S. with some pretty sophisticated pre-emergent formulations like Authority Edge that are replacing current technologies that are out there. We see growth in Argentina on pre-emergence, and we also see significant continued growth with herbicides in sugarcane in Brazil. Moving over to Asia. India is a big market for us now and we're offering brand new herbicide formulations that have not been seen before in India, especially for sugarcane. We continue to grow our rice herbicide business in China. So all those pieces that come together, you can see, it's quite easy for us to get into that mid single-digit range.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Mike, listen, I think it's a very good observation. I think most people – when we talk about 13% growth rate, most people put that straight towards Brazil. I think you've got to parcel it out somewhat in the sense that the other regions are growing. Mexico grew in the North and then obviously Argentina has been growing certainly for us, but the market was relatively, I would say, mid-single digits. If you look at Brazil, surface area was planted, it was probably about a 3% increase overall with soy leading the way. We had a very good season on cotton, strong infestation, which obviously helped us, but also the market was up because of that. Cotton is a high usage of pesticides. I would say though that overall I think the market has more channel inventory in Brazil than the market would take. So I think some of that 13% is setting warehouses right now. I'm going to be very frank and tell you that, we talk about this constantly on every call and our inventories are exactly where we want them to be, normal levels across Brazil for the rest of this season and then heading into the new season that comes in at the end of this year. But I do start to watch the channel inventories in Brazil. I think they are higher than normal.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks Kevin. Yes, chlorpyrifos is a molecule that is, as you said being removed in California. We have very limited sales of chlorpyrifos around the world and we have exited basically all of that business. So for us, we see it as more of an opportunity and you're right. Pyrethroids, especially our bifenthrin mixtures will be targeting those markets. So we'll be looking to grow that. And then on carbofuran – yes, we do see opportunities for our portfolio to replace what we already have. And obviously if we were planning to exit, we had plans to replace and those plans will be rolled out in Mexico and parts of Asia, Indonesia in particular where we will be replacing our own products with some of the newer technologies.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Mark. Our Company's outperformance in 2019 was the result of a very flexible and agile supply chain, limiting the impact of raw material shortages in the delivery of market-driven technologies that offer exceptional value to growers around the world. We strongly believe that our investments in discovery and development pipeline will continue to fuel long-term growth for the company. In 2020, we will continue to effectively navigate through unexpected challenges that arise such as weather or macroeconomic developments, and we will deliver on the financial targets we set out for you today. We believe 2020 will mark the third year in a row that FMC significantly outperforms the crop protection market in term of revenue growth and EBITDA margins. We expect our outperformance will be driven by broad-based geographic growth, launches of new products and technologies and the continued expansion of diamide franchise as we gain more registration and labels as well as grow via commercial partnerships. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you very much for your attention.
Pierre Brondeau: On the volume front, to talk about growth, I'll jump in. But roughly three big buckets I would say are diamides. We do believe it's going to be broad-based, geographical growth and it's going to be in the low-teens. Think about the rest of our portfolio, non-diamide as in 2019 growing at about 5% and as in 2019, we believe the product we will be launching in 2020 will also bring about 2% growth rate.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, P.J., it just a normal – it's a normal process which happens. Every year we do the same thing. We have rebates, which are indexed on volume and that's a normal process. There was no specific change in the rates or anything of that kind. It was just a normal year. The only difference looking at the weather condition and the pattern in North America, we ended up a bit stronger in the fourth quarter than we’re expecting. So when we had to look at all of the reserves and rebates, we would have to pay. We ended up having higher rebate to be paid to our customers for the full-year and to be done in the fourth quarter. So it’s just – we got a little bit surprised by the strength of the market in the fourth quarter versus what we're expecting and that’s because it's purely proportional to volume created a step up in rebates we're not expecting.
Pierre Brondeau: I think what Mark said is, at the end is very important. We do believe those partnerships are going to help us expanding the market penetration of Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr. Those two molecules are big, but we believe they are far from being at the end of their market penetration. So that's one of the way to do it to complainant all of the marketing and commercial activity FMC has directed.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you. Listen, first of all, we should know it's a highly competitive market. There is lots of companies in this market who are competing, but at the end of the day, it is a market we are offering in technology matter. So yes, there is competitive actions, but at the end of the day, if you price right the right technology, you can protect your margin. Maybe Mark, let's start the comments about seeds and the bundling and maybe talk about the meeting you and I we had last week with our customers.
Pierre Brondeau: I want to repeat what Mark said because that is very critical and it is a strategic decision of FMC. We will not get into the seed business. We do not need to be in the seed business. When Mark talked about 200 customers, it is true. It was 200 to 250 customers. We spent most of the week. I can tell you that to a person, they told us that it's very critical to have a chemical and biological supplier who is agnostic to the type of seed and somebody has the right technology they can use with any type of seed. Our customers are not big fans of bundling or being pushed to use a specific seed with a specific chemical. They need the freedom to choose and we provide that to them. So it is not something we are concerned about. We do believe – I would even go one step beyond. I think it's a competitive advantage for us to not be in seeds.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. So first of all, let you start with the cost as we are forecasting in our guidance. You are correct. The cost is turning into the second half of the year into positive, which means that most of the adverse costs in our P&L is happening in the first half of the year with a disproportionate amount in the first quarter and then in the second quarter. And then when we get into the second half that's when these costs are improving. From an availability standpoint, where are we today? As you can guess, the issues we had last year, which were due to environmental issues and industrial parks shutting down, those issues are over. I think we are not suffering from any issues there. The thing we're watching, of course, is the impact of Coronavirus. There is no impact of Coronavirus on demand today, as we see it. It is much more an impact on logistics because of parts of the country, which are being isolated or roads which are being blocked or air freight. Today, we have not seen any negative impact on our ability to pay rate so far. We had some issues where we had to find options to get raw materials from a different location, but all-in-all the issues we have been facing, we have been able to resolve them and operate normally. That being said, as you can guess, it's a very dynamic situation. So we do have a team fully focused on that and only doing this day after day, which is watching the flux of raw materials from a place to another to make sure we do have what we need for our growth plan. But yes, it is something we are aware of and carefully watching, but so far so good.
Pierre Brondeau: And to compliment what Mark said, and the level of inventory in the channel of FMC products, just to remind what we said in the script, growth was not driven in the fourth quarter for FMC by Brazil. It was other parts of Latin America and a big driver was Argentina. So that is part of the process we have in place to make sure that in Brazil we control channel inventory.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure, Adam. I think if you look at the full-year guidance, we see it many ways, the pattern similar to what we saw last year, but with a less pronounced headwind from costs and FX. On the cost side, you're exactly right. We are – we have called out. We're increasing our investment in R&D about $40 million year-on-year. So of that $61 million that you see in cost increase for the full-year on our bridge on Slide 11, about $40 million of that is cost increase from R&D spending. If you remove that, we really do have – we start to see the benefit of the pricing actions we've taken over the past five quarters, where prices and mix ends up covering more than the cost and FX headwinds. I do think we did see continued higher raw material costs in tight conditions going into the second half of last year that as you know – as they flow through our inventory in the first half of this year, will continue to be a bit of a headwind, and the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen against the number of our key currencies. So we do still have some FX headwinds. I will note that those headwinds are particularly heavy in the first half. As we start looking towards the second half, we start seeing much more favorable comparisons on costs and lessening FX impacts.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Let me talk – get a little more specific on that bridge from 2019 to 2020. I think as Pierre referenced, we have about $300 million in free cash flow in 2019. We're guiding an increase in EBITDA of about $100 million, but we'll also be increasing the spending on CapEx, about $10 million year-on-year. And our legacy and transformation costs increased about $20 million year-on-year. So the combination of those factors are – leave you at about $370 million. The net impact of the reversal of the two factors we called out in the cash flow shortfall this quarter and the impact of change in working capital in 2020 are the rest of the difference to the rest of our guidance range. It gets you up in that $425 million to $575 million. So it's important in that 2020 walk, as Pierre mentioned, we do not see a step down. We actually see a slight increase in legacy and transformation year-on-year, with about a $100 million to $125 million of that being really transformation activity and the remainder being legacy expenses that – basically transformation being flat to slightly down to prior year in total with legacy going up slightly. So again, that next real big step in cash conversion, we get to a more normalized level this year for how we're operating on a working capital. And then in 2021, we see the step down from the end of the SAP program in the end of the transformation spend.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. Laurent, really the $40 million is targeted at two new active ingredients that we moved into development from discovery in 2019. So we now have that run rate cost of spending more money on what is really the most expensive part of the whole R&D cycle, which is development. That's where we spend a lot of money on toxicology, et cetera. So those products are now moving into a phase where for the next three, four, or five years, spending will be increased. 7% of revenue is not something that we see as a problem for us. We actually have phased our R&D so that we should be in that 7% range on an ongoing basis. You should expect to see that number change as we go through the years and the business continues to grow. We will be spending more on R&D as we continue to expand, not only the pipeline of synthetics, but biologicals as well.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. Joel, I think the free cash flow conversion on a like-for-like is pretty consistent between the two years. What you've got are some puts and takes. We have higher capital additions and higher legacy and transformation spending in 2020 than we did in 2019 to the tune of about $30 million combined. We do see increased cash from operations. Part of that is the recapture of the delayed collections that we saw at the end of Q4. And we also have to acknowledge we're growing the topline, roughly $300 million, $350 million at the guidance point and generating $100 million of EBITDA. It does take some working capital to continue to grow the business. When you think through that walk again, if we take $300 million in free cash flow in 2019, $100 million growth in EBITDA, $30 million headwind from higher legacy and transformation and capital spending, that gets you within $100 million of our guidance point. That $100 million is the rebound – the reversal of the Q4 factors we've talked about and a very minimal change in working capital beyond that – very minimal use of working capital beyond that. So it does imply continuing improvements and working capital efficiency. And that's a part of our continued drive to derive and not just waiting for the step down, the transformation spending, but to continue to drive down the working capital use in the business.
