W. Kim Foster: Without going into too much detail, there's about $100 million of expansion capital in that $250 million in capital that we're guiding for 2012. Three projects, the beginning of the Granger expansion in Green River, the beginning of the lithium expansion in Argentina and some expansion capital in our BioPolymer business make up about 90% of that expansion work, roughly equally distributed.
W. Kim Foster: This is Kim. When you look at the guidance, I wanted to remind you how the shares work in the diluted share calculation, which is not just outstanding shares and not outstanding shares at a point in time, but a year average. And then there's an adjustment for the treasury method for the diluted share calculation. So what happened during 2011 is the shares came down continuously through the year as a result of the share buyback that we did. So when you look at the average shares for 2011, that's the average for the year, not the year end numbers. So when you continue the share buyback, as I outlined in my remarks, and finished that about 145 million buyback in the first quarter, the average shares that we're projecting assumes no further share buyback beyond that point.
W. Kim Foster: This is Kim. We guided, as you know in the call, about $200 million to $225 million. And below what you may see if you were thinking of capital spending being largely in line with D&A, but our capital spending is going to be about $100 million to $125 million above our D&A, and that's what would give us the slightly lower free cash flow number. I don't know how you calculated your...
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think in BioPolymers, the price increase has been covering the raw material cost increase. I think there is really one -- I may call it an issue, it's not really an issue, is we do have 2 expansions for which we need to stop our current plans, which will not be operating and the lithium plant will be off first 6 weeks to do the tie-in for the expansion, and that is the only reasons for which there is a slowdown of growth in the first quarter. It's pretty much level to the previous year and the full impact margin. But everything else is pretty much balanced. We're still expecting very strong growth in MCC. And we are sill expecting to recover as we've done in 2011 raw material increase with price increase.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, I think as always, the place where -- there is a couple of places where we do have some possibilities to see numbers going higher. Mark talks about pricing in soda ash. You know that on the export market, we do have shorter contract, which always could imply an upside, queen player [ph] downside depending upon the export productivity of others, but it could also imply an upside. And we always have -- and it's hard to predict at this stage in the game, the possibility of a more robust year-end performance in ag especially in Latin America. So those 2, I guess, would be accounting for the majority of the upside we would have in the business plan.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Mike, we're full. So we are -- as you know, we've been expanding our capacity by 500,000 tons and we are selling on the export market every time we are producing. So the question for us now is -- it was a very easy decision, if I may say, to increase by 500,000 tons because the capital spend was very low for the volume we are bringing to the market. We are now looking at the timing, more than a question whether or not we will do it, we are looking at the timing when it will be more appropriate to do the next phase, which will be a higher capital spending, to bring another 700,000 tons on the market.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Peter, I could not agree more in terms of the value of such an acquisition for us. But it goes along the line of -- this Bayer acquisition and these 2 products we have acquired, goes along the line of all of the 8 transactions we are doing. And what we have been doing is we're proving that our approach to acquire potentially growing companies or additional product line, or new product lines, new segments for us in the white space at low price, low multiple, giving us a product to grow, denies the need for any type of medium or large acquisition. I think we want to get to this $800 million of external originated growth as we have in 2015 with this type of move. Now the Bayer move is excellent to us, it's a very good multiple. When I say "good," I mean low. It is accretive on the first year. It increases our participation in the fungicide market, which we are trying to do. And certainly, Bayer is a great company for which we do have a lot of respect. It's a great partner. But I have to say we tend to have a, maybe, a stronger focus on this type of product and formulation capability, and we do expect we should be able to take the growth rate of this product beyond what Bayer was doing with our participation in different geographies. So all in all, it's an acquisition which will grow our ag portfolio very nicely. But I would expect more like that. I think that the story we would like to show in the future for all of FMC is 8 transaction this year, and maybe an incremental number, or one less or going to be 4, 5 or 8, but small transaction like that, which are contributing to the growth of the company without a lot of spending.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, I think maybe the place where we've talked in terms of numbers and we said a few things with out-sizing. But we are very much on track in places where we have structured our sales to do cost saving, and we were expecting to be in the $20 million run rate by the end of this year on procurement, and by the end of 2011 solely on procurement, as a run rate. That's where we are. We are targeting an $18 million by 2015. That's where we are. And certainly we do have opportunities beyond that. So we are very much on target with the cost reduction plans we put in place.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, Kevin, we certainly are looking at any opportunity to diversify our source of lithium. And, of course, Chile is an opportunity now. A couple of comments, I think, as QM and Rockwood are well established in Chile. Chile will be opening the door for another supplier, but as you can guess, it's going to be a process which will most likely be difficult and expensive. We do not expect the Chilean government to give that opportunity to a company for free. And it's going to be an economical balance for us in between keep on expanding in Argentina, as you said, we just expanded 30%, but we do plan to go one step beyond. I think we only had in the midterm, maybe 10,000 tons, maybe another 10,000 ton in the future. The question is we do have facilities, people and structure in Argentina. And we are very well established there. And how much would we have to pay to go to Chile to diversify our source. So yes, we'll look at it. Would the probability for us to go to Chile instead of keep on growing in Argentina be high, no, it is not, I would put that on the very low side.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. A couple of things, John. First of all, ag had a -- saw an increase in raw materials. And we are increase pricing, I think we can say, in BioPolymers, that we covered the raw material increase with price in ag. We do have a one or two quarter lag. So there is a lag in between the price increase and the contract we have, and the raw material cost increase we've been seeing which has been impacting slightly our gross profit. The number two reason for EBIT margin decrease are below the line cost. We keep on -- we have increased our spending even this quarter end. So over the year, in R&D and the technical field in general. And also we had this quarter expenses, which will linked to the acquisition we took. We had to mobilize resources to go through due diligence process and go through the acquisition which had an impact. So it's external growth, acquisition, it's technical investment in R&D, and it's the lag on raw material. We should see that getting back in line with the target very quickly.
Pierre R. Brondeau: For 2015, organic plus external, we have a target of $1.2 billion in EBIT. Of this $1.2 billion, $1 billion is the target organic growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right. Well, I want to thank you very much for your time. We had what I view as a very strong 2011. We have a very high confidence that we are going to deliver another very strong 2012, with earnings in between $6.70 per share and $7.05 per share, a 15% increase. And we are intending to demonstrate that we're going to start with a very strong first quarter. We're going to keep on doing that, not forgetting that we want to strengthen our portfolio with external growth. And do that small acquisition, but smart and highly strategic acquisitions, to continue our journey to deliver a target growth for 2015.  I want to thank you, again, for your attention. And we'll be in touch. Thank you.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Mike, this is Michael Wilson, and we see the trend line growth rate that we've been on continuing for the next couple of years. So real demand growing 8% to 10% a year. We see that continuing through 2015. And then in the latter half of the decade, we expect that to pick up. So that I would say it appears between now and 2020, overall, probably 11% in trend line growth.
D. Michael Wilson: I think, really, the only thing that we've taken a look at is the battery penetration into not only light-duty vehicles but other types of vehicles, 2-wheel vehicles, municipal buses, airport vehicles, those kinds of things. And we're seeing the penetration rate on that increasing a little faster than we thought.
D. Michael Wilson: Mike, this is Michael Wilson, and we did get significant price increasing in lithium, really across the portfolio of products. To put it in sort of a relative perspective, we saw the highest increases on the lithium salts, which were in the primaries area. And somewhat to a lesser degree on the downstream organics, like butyllithium. As you may recall, however, we had announced more significant increases on the primaries than on butyllithium.
D. Michael Wilson: Nothing really significant. We had talked mid last year about some operational issues we had related to weather. We did see high precipitation at the end of 2011, late in December, early January, but nothing of significance that's affecting the expansion timeline.
Mark A. Douglas: Sure, Kevin, I'll take the pricing piece first. Basically what I said was we had the pricing in the low double digits dollars per ton. Obviously, that indicates a spread -- the lowest amount of increase was in the domestic market, and I would say that was in the single digits, mid to high. And then in ANSAC, the highest increases were in Asia, significant double digit increases, followed by Latin America. So quite a spread actually depending on local conditions. And as you know, both Latin America and Asia are important for ANSAC and very important for FMC. On the contract side, there has not been significant changes in terms of contract length. Obviously, domestic in North America, we have most, if not nearly all, on year or multi-year contracts. Latin America is predominantly year or multi-year contract. And Asia has anywhere from 30% to 50% on quarterly contracts, and that really hasn't changed much. So if that came across in the script, it was given a wrong impression. So Asia, more quarterly. And the rest of the world that we deal with, especially Latin America and domestic, more annual and multi-year.
Mark A. Douglas: Sure. I'll take the mix shift first. If you think back to what we presented at our Investor Day way back in 2010, we had a North American business that was essentially 75% what we would call commodity business, which is pulp and paper mining, and 25% specialty, which is all our persulfates and our peracetic acids and hydrogen peroxide into other specialty application such as electronics. Since that time, we've actually globalized the business. And if you look back in 2011 on a global basis, it was probably close to that 75-25 range on a global basis rather than just North America. But I would say in 2012 going forward, we are much more likely to be closer to a 60-40 mix. So 60% commodity and 40% specialty. I would also like to point out that we value both of these businesses. We need the commodity business to run our plants. We need the volume through the plants to get our operating rates. But our focus is clearly on aseptic packaging, our environmental applications, the electronics business. From a margin perspective, they are fundamentally different in terms of margin production. Commodity businesses are very low double digits in terms of gross margins, and then the specialty side is anywhere from 45% to 75% gross margin depending on the application. So you can tell, the mix shift plays an important part for us and we're driving that hard. We're not only driving the mix shift hard, we're driving the geographic expansion hard. We recently put people into China for aseptic packaging. And with our RheinPerChemie acquisition in Germany, that affords us opportunities to improve our environmental business into Central and Eastern Europe. I hope that helps.
Mark A. Douglas: Utilization rates are pretty high in the U.S., pretty optimal for us. And also for us in Europe, I would say in the mid 80% range.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, we move the longwall about every 15 months, and last year it occurred in July. This year it will occur in September. So that we know quarter-to-quarter change, it occurs within the same sequential quarter.
Mark A. Douglas: No, I think in my script I explained that their export volume was down. Obviously, they have demand in their own country that has slowed a little bit as we entered out of last year. But fundamentally, they're focused on their domestic market with a declining export volume. So I haven't really seen any change.
Mark A. Douglas: Bill, it's Mark. I think in China, as we went through the end of last year, there was about 2 million tons of new capacity came on stream in the fourth quarter in China, mainly in domestic demand. If you look at the projected numbers that are out there, there is something like another 3 million tons of capacity to come onstream throughout 2012. And when you're in a market that has something like 29 million tons of capacity, that's a fair amount, it's roughly 10%. Whether all that comes onstream or not, we really don't know. Some of it may do, some of it may not, depending on what the economic conditions are like. In Turkey, I really don't know at this point. I've seen so many different conflicting numbers about what they're doing. Clearly, Turkey is expanding, as you saw they are expanding, but to what degree, we don't have a good handle on that right now.
Mark A. Douglas: Actually the potash project will be completed later in 2012. It will be completed sometime in the second half of the year, probably in the third quarter. And we'll begin production beginning of fourth quarter in the current timeframe.
