D. Wilson: John, this is Michael Wilson. First of all, in terms of the cost cutting, as in all of our businesses, we have a whole program of cost-improvement initiatives. So there are a lot of small projects that have been carried out throughout the course of 2010 in lithium that reduced cost. But the other and probably bigger driver is just with the significant volume recovery we saw in lithium, the fixed cost absorption across that volume provided substantially lower costs. On the pricing side in lithium, as we look at the marketplace, as you recall, for most of the year in 2010, we saw lower prices on the primaries side. But all that pricing was put in place in the fourth quarter of 2009, and we've actually seen pretty good price stability throughout each of the quarters of 2010. So as we go into 2011, we expect to have continued stability there. We see good demand growth, but we still have a little bit of slackness in supply. So I don't think we'll see necessarily higher prices. Lithium, lithium carbonate, I think downstream of lithium carbonate, on the other hand, we expect to see higher prices as we go throughout the year.
D. Wilson: Sure, Pierre. Frank, this is Michael Wilson. And we do have two capacity expansions underway in BioPolymer. The first is in our MCC product line at our Cork, Ireland facility. And we're completing now the second stage of a two-stage expansion, which increases our MCC capacity by about 20%. So we'll begin to see and realize that capacity as we get into the second quarter. And then the other place where we're tight on capacity is in the alginates product line. And we have an approved project that we're now in the process of implementing that won't be completed until the end of this year. So it will be available in January of 2012. And that's going to increase our capacity in alginates by about 15%.
D. Wilson: Yes, I think, Pierre has covered it pretty well. But just to reiterate, through the course of the year, we expect to have margin improvement in the business from managing price and mix and cost despite the raw material headwinds that we have.
D. Wilson: Mike, this is Michael Wilson again. First of all, as it relates to capacity in the Lithium business, I would say that the excess capacity that existed in the industry today is really upstream. And it's far upstream as carbonate. Once you get beyond carbonate, things are tighter. And certainly, in the downstream, I think capacity utilization is at a fairly high level. Specifically for example, for butyllithium, which is our key organolithium, there's not a situation there where we need to take capacity offline. We actually see favorable market conditions there that should allow for price improvement during the course of 2011.
D. Wilson: Mike, this is Michael Wilson again. It's actually fairly small. I mean it's -- I don't want to get too quantified on it, but it's well less than $5 million in terms of the one-time benefit that we're going to get from that. There is, I believe, an ongoing royalty or licensing fee that we will get that doesn't go on forever. But I think it goes on for the first two or three years of that licensing agreement. And just for everybody else's edification, I mean, this is some old technology that we developed around cathodic materials for lithium ion batteries. I think the patents themselves are seven to eight years old.
D. Wilson: Dmitry, this is Michael Wilson. And it really is higher-than-expected growth in food, and specifically, on the colloidal products, cellulosics. We saw something like 20% demand increase, which we did not anticipate during the course of the year. So that's really what got us behind the eight ball from a capacity standpoint. The growth was just faster than we expected, and it was particularly strong in Asia.
D. Wilson: I don't know that it was necessarily post-recession. I think it's a transition in developing economies and the types of foods and beverages that they consume. So we do anticipate it being strong going forward. I don't think it's going to grow at 20% per year. But we did see surprisingly strong demand. And the other issue, and I don't know how it affects others, but these type of products from a capacity standpoint, are a lower throughput rate. So not only is the demand up, but the production it takes more capacity to produce the same amount of products than some of the others. The positive side of that is we get a much higher price and it more than pays for itself in terms of the margin.
D. Wilson: Yes, in BioPolymer, we do see higher prices both in specialty pulps and in seaweed, higher in the specialty pulp side than the seaweed. I would say that pulps will drive about 2/3 of the raw material increase we'll see and seaweed's about 1/3. To put it in some context for you, I expect the headwind to be about the same from '10 to '11 as it was from '09 to '10. And I would bracket that in the $10 million to $15 million range over the course of the year. I just want to reiterate however, that we fully expect that we will recover all of that raw material cost increase in the form of higher pricing and permits certainly through cost reductions.
D. Wilson: Rosemarie this is Michael Wilson again. And I think there's always things that you could do to get them better aligned. But when you look at it, it's really both on the raw materials side and on the customers’ side. It's a portfolio of accounts. So for example we have some pulp raw materials that we buy on an annual contract. We have some that are on a multiyear contract. And the same goes on the customer side. If you look at the pharmaceutical side, often times, we'll have multiyear contracts. In the food ingredients markets, there are usually annual contracts. And then we have a portion of our sales that are through distribution which give us greater flexibility to pass along increases on an immediate basis. So I think we have gotten out quickly with the price increase announcement back in the fourth quarter of 2010. We announced basically across-the-board increases, both across our pharmaceutical product line and our food product line. And we will aggressively put those in place as the contract terms come up. And where we have immediate opportunity, we're already putting it in place.
Pierre Brondeau: In term of cost, I mean, we are staying very much within the range of the numbers we had before in some startups. So the costs actually to start up Granger is in the few million dollars single-digit, and is very much balanced by the profits, which will be made in the second half of the year. So very balanced, with no contribution from Granger production into this year with profit coming on the back end of the year and cost more on the front end. At this stage, with a run rate of about 500,000 tons, we are covered in term of capacity increase for the next, I'd say, through 2011 and 2012. Decision is to be made in 2012 depending upon growth in the demand, and most likely, driven by what will be happening on the export market from a volume standpoint and from a price standpoint, depending upon what's going on in the Chinese market. But I would not expect us to be in a situation where he have to be to push beyond the 500,000 run rate before the end of 2012.
Pierre Brondeau: On the Specialty Chem -- I think Ag was pretty clear it is purely the event linked to the bifenthrin. On Specialty, Frank, we are today in a situation where our capacity is bumping against demand. Demand is very healthy and whether it is in lithium or in BioPolymers, we could have the strongest sales than what we will be posting next year. In lithium, we are operating at 100% capacity. As you know, our 30% capacity expansion is only coming on board on the fourth quarter next year, so we will not see much of a benefit -- this year, 2011. We will not see much of a benefit in 2011. Most of the benefit will be in 2012. So we will be increasing sales and earnings purely based on price and mix for lithium and not on volume. On BioPolymers, we are still working through some of the issues of integration of the ISP process. Those are almost done. But we are running out of capacity to supply the market. The good news is that demand is very healthy. We could sell much more in both of those market, lithium and BioPolymers. The bad news is we need to speed up our capacity. We are currently committing capital investments in BioPolymers to increase our ability to supply more, to satisfy the demand. But it will not show until the end of the first quarter, when the first capacity they were making will come in place. Maybe, Michael, you can give a couple of words around what we do to unlock capacity in BioPolymers.
Pierre Brondeau: And Frank, last around the Alkali business, the Industrial Chemical business and the first quarter versus the rest, I think your soda ash business will be pretty much stable except with the startup of Granger across to Europe, so with an impact on the second half. And then you have peroxygen, where the Specialty Applications are growing fast and growing through the year, less in the first quarter.
Pierre Brondeau: Let me use your question just to make a general comment around our view on our Specialty business. I'd like to make sure that we all understand despite the fact that it might be the lowest top line growth of the business this year, it's a very, very good story. The lithium business is going to be significantly improving its margin because we're going to be above this year where we had 100% capacity utilization to push price and mix in a much more favorable way to be ready when new capacity comes on board, this capacity will be sold in no time, with the business very strongly positioned from a margin standpoint at that time.  On BioPolymers, price increase will come to cover our cost increase. But most important, the demand is very healthy. So we have no technology quality problems, which are such that we have a limitation. It's a good story. It's a matter for us to speed up as fast as we can capacity increase. And the volume is going to come -- the demand is here. So all the fundamentals of these businesses are right. The only issue maybe, of course, of our own doing. But the fact that we are a bit behind where we should be to take full advantage of the growth by having the right capacity. But we're on it.
Pierre Brondeau: Thanks, Peter. I think a couple of words maybe, give me an opportunity and Kim touched on that. We believe we have strength in our organization today with key talents in 2010. I think Mark came with a huge expertise in procurement in his previous life with Rohm and Haas, has run businesses with Rohm and Haas, Specialty and Industrial businesses and has been the President of Rohm and Haas Asia . So he's bringing all of these experience to help us, going forward. Also, we brought a very experienced, and we are seeing the benefit of that today, with Karen, our new Vice President of Procurement, who's really a professional of procurement, who will still report to Mark. Mark keep accountability for the procurement number he has been announcing, and as you say, maybe more. We also brought in a new President to run our Asian region, an experienced Chinese executive who's going to help us growing. So we believe we have strengthened our organization in a significant way. From a target, we've said it before, we booked about $15 million of EBIT impact in 2011. We expect to be at a run rate in the fourth quarter of 2011 of about $25 million. And we showed you a roadmap leading to the next four years to $80 million a year of cost savings from procurement. Could there be more opportunities with the talent we are bringing in and the experts, I'm almost convinced. We're going to keep on working at it to find more opportunities. But those numbers, we feel very comfortable about announcing them. Now the benefit of Mark running our business in procurement he will have a direct benefit from whatever work he does in procurement. So I'm expecting an even higher motivation.
Pierre Brondeau: What I'm talking about Specialty at this stage, all I'm saying is that we are operating at very high capacity utilization. So when I talk about favorable condition is the demand is there. We are not, today, limited in a growth by the demand. We are limited by our ability to supply in our capacity. As Michael said, we do have three major project right now in Specialty Chemicals for capacity increase. And we do not have a concern about selling this increase of capacity. So that's what I'm referring to.
Pierre Brondeau: Where we are today on this business, I have to say, any business, which is small in size, is always looks at to decide what is the future of that business. Now if the business, which by itself is profitable, is a stand-alone business and do offer some very interesting growth opportunities, especially on the environmental front for zeolite. So at this stage, it is a business, which is part of portfolio, which is profitable offering, interesting growth opportunities. And as such, we do not have an intent at this stage to divest the business. If some of the expectations we have proved to be wrong, then we will consider it's not a major impact today on our portfolio. But certainly an interesting niche business, which fits well the environmental solution strategy of Industrial Chemicals.
Pierre Brondeau: Well, first, let's make sure, Dmitry, when you talk about price, we don't confuse FOB and delivered price because there is no, and Mark will correct me, but there is no place where off-the-plant pricing gets close to $300. I mean, there is none of those.
Pierre Brondeau: Asian port, okay. We have very, very few of those contract that we have seen. I mean, I can't tell you really where we are today. We do have an expectation. If you blend the capacity we have of price increase in domestic contract, where we had some limitation because of competitive situation and because of the pricing on exports, and the positive we have on exports. We are expecting the price at this stage to be somewhere in between the mid-single digit and the high single-digit percent. That's where the blended average we believe will end up. On the long run, we see this price going up but we do expect that there is a real chance and most likely will be the case, to see a softening in Asia toward the back end of the year, which will create some downward pressure on our export pricing. So that's about where we are. As far as we can see between the short-term contracts we have, especially on export, the long-term contract in domestic, somewhere between 5% and 9% of pricing increase is where we should be ending up the year as a blended number.
Pierre Brondeau: Dollars per ton, sorry. I told you it's percentage, it's dollars per ton. You can work the numbers in more detail with Brennen on the call but you will see the mix the way it unfolds toward anything beyond the 9%, it will be above the 5%. But it will be beyond the 9% as far as we can see the market with the blend of export and domestic today. That's where we're going to end up the year.
Pierre Brondeau: One last comment is that raw material costs increase, of course, is negative and detrimental to the performance of the business. But it is not a dramatic number, which is reducing the profitability. I mean, we're talking single digits here, it's not a very high number. The biggest opportunity is more on the volume for us over time. Then I think the price yes, we can do better to align contracts for raw material with our supply contract. But it is not a dramatic gap on where we are today. Some improvement but it's not a dramatic gap.
Pierre Brondeau: So let me tell you a little bit what we're doing in research and selling spending. We decided 2010 was a year where we decided to step up our commercial and R&D spend in Ag for growth opportunities. And I think it was a realignment of where we should be. And in Ag business, the cost increase will be modest next year. By the same token, we made the decision to step up our increase in the BioPolymers business and the Lithium business, getting into 2011. So you have an overlap of the fourth quarter of Ag having increased for the year and BioPolymers lithium stepping up their expense. And you will see a step-up of expense in only that business. So 2010 focused on Ag, 2011 focused on BioPolymers and lithium to bring those business where more they should be to deliver the growth we can demonstrate with actually a quarter here overlapping for the two businesses.
Pierre Brondeau: It's very small for us. We do have some Ag exposure. We have no Industrial exposure. I think very small in Specialty. It is not a -- it doesn't have an impact. And when we talk about also, EMEA in general, I mean, understand that except for Ag where we do have in Africa, a significant business, it's mostly the European part of the EMEA which is big for us. So no real impact of the political situation on us.
Pierre Brondeau: I want to thank you all very much. We believe we had a very strong performance in 2010. That's the good news. The bad news is 2010 is over and we are on 2011. I think 2011 will also be a record year for FMC. So we're looking forward to further discussions with all of you. And thank you very much for your time.
Milton Steele: Kevin, I'm not sure I can give you price volume by each of our products. But let me try and walk you through where I think this growth is coming from. Predominantly, volume at the moment in most of our markets, as everyone is very well aware of, we have very high commodity prices, which all go well in nearly every one of our markets. We're seeing very good start to the year in Brazil. We expect significant volume growth in that part of the world. We expect volume growth in Asia and in North America. We've expanded our product lines significantly in herbicide area. We've added some fungicides, and our insecticide line is robust. So it's coming across the world for the most part. Obviously, the fact that we don't have bifenthrin in 2011 in Europe we've already talked about the impact of that in the Q1. But in summary, buoyant agricultural conditions, volume growth predominantly, and hopefully, we'll get some price increases.
Milton Steele: Kevin, we spent most of those costs already in 2010. So I don't think that, that's going to be a big impact for us at all, going forward.
Milton Steele: No, there's not an update. We continue to try and get the EPA to give us a hearing. We expect our import tolerances to be reinstated. But other than that, no further update, Kevin.
