Andrew Sandifer: Thanks, Pierre. Let me start this morning with a few specific income statement items. Foreign exchange had a negative impact on revenue of approximately 6% in the first quarter. Offsetting this were strong volume growth of 9% and price increases of 5%. For the full year, we continue to expect foreign exchange to be in approximately 3% headwind to revenue. Interest expense was $1 million higher for the quarter than implied by our prior full year guidance, with higher commercial paper balances through the quarter due to the timing of share repurchases. Interest expense for the full year is now expected to be in the range of $137 million to $143 million, reflecting primarily changes in the mix of foreign versus domestic borrowing, as compared to our initial outlook for 2019. The higher levels of foreign borrowing will allow us to more cost effectively manage currency risk in certain countries in particular Argentina. Adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 15% in line with the midpoint of our guidance range. We are maintaining our full year tax rate guidance of 14% to 16% percent. Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow. Growth debt as of March 31 was $3.1 billion, up roughly $450 million dollars from the end of 2018, reflecting the expected seasonal build in working capital and our decision to continue regularly purchasing FMC stock across the year rather than waiting for the more cash generative quarters later in the year. Gross debt the trailing 12 month EBITDA at quarter end was just below 2.8 times. This is above our targeted leverage of 2.5 times again due to the seasonality of our cash flow and the timing of share repurchases. But we expect to rapidly return to leverage levels below 2.5 times in the second half of the year. Turning to Slide 10, adjusted cash from operations was negative in the first quarter as expected, reflecting a more normal seasonal build of working capital. Cash from operations was also substantially below the prior year period, although this comparison is misleading due to several non-recurring impacts that benefited working capital in the prior year period, including a step down in past due balances in Brazil which reduced cash used for receivables, lower cash used for inventory given inventory levels in the acquired business at the time of acquisition and a significant increase in accounts payables associated with the ramp up of the acquired business, post acquisition. Excluding these one time items in the prior year period, the impact of working capital on cash from operations was generally consistent with the prior year and our expectations. Capital investment and spending on legacy and transformation efforts in the quarter were at a pace consistent with our full year guidance for those uses of cash. As expected free cash flow was negative for the quarter and well below the prior year period, due to the factors I just mentioned impacting cash from operations, as well as two additional positive impacts to legacy and transformation spending in the prior year period. First, the prior year period results include proceeds from a required anti-trust divestiture. And second, the prior year period results reflect certain transactions through up payment receipt following the closing of the acquisition of the DuPont business. FMC continues to expect to generate adjusted cash from operations of $750 million to $850 million in 2019, with capital spending anticipated to be in the range of $140 million to $160 million for 2019, as well as legacy transformation spending in the range of $200 million to $250 million. We expect to generate free cash flow before financing of $375 million to $475 million for the full year. We have repurchased 1.88 million FMC shares year to date at an average price of $79.70 for a total of approximately $150 million, including 4100 million of repurchases made early in the first quarter as discussed on our last call, along with $50 million of repurchases thus far in the second quarter. It is our intent to remain a regular purchaser of FMC shares throughout the year, purchasing a total of up to $500 million of FMC shares in 2019, inclusive of the $150 million already completed as of today. In summary, 2019 looks to be another year of exceptional financial performance for FMC, with increasing cash generation and improved cash conversion, 6% top line growth, despite FX headwinds and tepid market growth, 8% EBITDA growth despite significant cost increases and FX impacts, 9% EPS growth with potential further upside from additional share repurchases and return on invested capital in the mid teens percent. And with that I'll turn the call back to Pierre.
Andrew Sandifer: Thank you. Thank you, Chris. Yeah, its a very valid point and the situation in China is simply impacting many of the of the ag companies. Let me talk specifically about FMC. I think 2018 was a difficult year. You remember with what happened in China. And I must say that our manufacturing and supply chain organization used 2018 not only to resolve the 2018 problems, but to diversify further a source of intermediates and AI for the future. I have to say that fully 2018 we've developed a very broad network with multiple sources for critical intermediates or for active ingredients. And we've done that in different ways. So I would say what we are doing today beyond 2018, beyond 2019 is focusing on the high priority product intermediates or AI and we are already implementing solutions outside of China. And how do we do that? We for example are right now working on developing capacity in our European plants, mostly in Denmark to produce some of these products. We are also contracting with some of our key partners in China to produce outside of China for – and especially in Europe. We are looking also through the outsourcing from Europe from India to partners for our own plants. So we are diversifying our network. It's moving fast, but of course, they will still be for the next few years a strong need for China to operate. For 2019 we believe today that we can face the situation of the shutdown and assuming it's reopening within the timeframe we are expecting which is you know, planned very conservative forecast. There is a cost to it because we had to implement last minute solutions and we have factored that 30 million that are cost in our EBITDA forecast for the year. But we do believe right now we are pretty secured from a supply standpoint to our customers as long as things do not get worse. So two production, one was making sure we could act in a way which give us what we need for 2019. But we've used this 2018 situation and 2019 to broaden our supply of intermediate and AIs using Europe, using India to produce outside of China.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. And Chris its Andrew. Thanks for the question. I think certainly where we stand today you know, we continue to believe there's a strong trajectory for improving cash generation and cash conversion from FMC. The biggest driver in the step up over the next two years will be moving past this spending for on legacy and transformation, particularly the transformation efforts, the finishing of the DuPont integration, the implementation of our SAP S/4 HANA system and the related spending. And as you can see in our slide today, that's spending is about $200 million $250 million this year. Of that you know, a certain portion less than half of that, third to half and that will continue as sort of ongoing legacy spend. That's one of the biggest step changes we'll see in ‘20 versus ‘19 in cash conversion, combined with the ongoing growth of the topline where you're expecting still very substantial 7% to 9% [ph] EBITDA growth over the mid-term horizon, that will flow through cash flow pretty directly with a small headwind from working capital growth 20% to 30% of incremental sales. So we can very easily see a path from – and our guidance this year would have free cash flow before financing at about 55%-ish of net income. Very easily within the next two to three years, I would expect that number to be in the upper 70s, if not the 80s percent, as we move past this big lump of transformation expense. So that's the story on cash generation and conversion. From a cash deployment perspective, I think we continue to be committed to fully funding the organic growth of the company. You know, we're guiding spending between $140 million and $160 million on capital expense this year, notably not particularly heavy load, an aggregate, that's about 3.5% of our sales. And then with the other funds that are not committed to organic growth, pretty sizable amount. We are strongly committed to continuing to return those to shareholders through dividend, which made a significant raise last year and through share repurchases which as you've seen we've made pretty steady progress in chipping away this year $150 million done so far.
Andrew Sandifer: I think India something, I think contrary to what has been written in some - in some report where dates of patent expiration were actually wrong. There is composition patents which are protecting a product. But you know, everybody does that in that field, you do have an estate of patents, which are protecting the manufacturing, as well as the composition and the performance. All of that make it very difficult for people to come and produce the product on the day there is somewhere in this world an expiration. So we have the composition which protects the product, then we have them all the manufacturing patents, which make it difficult for people to manufacture. Even when we get to a place where they can from a patent standpoint manufacture they need to get the registration and they need to do the capital investment for the manufacturing, which I can tell you in some cases is quite high. So you can see today even on some product, take an example [indiscernible] which is - which is by the way have very large molecules in markets in the world, 600 million to 700 million…
Andrew Sandifer: 400 hundred million. It's a molecule where we end up so paying a lot, the people who are selling the molecule because you need to have the capacity and the technology to do it. So it is not something where cells disappear on the day of the exploration of the composition items, which for us go to 2022, three and four.
Andrew Sandifer: So, yeah, I mean Joel the diamides are growing. Obviously, we believe we're taking share into that markets and we're also expanding in terms of crops and geographies. I would say on the other side of the carve, our herbicide portfolio continues to grow. We see that growing in Latin America. We see it growing in the U.S. and Canada. We also see growth in India on new applications such as sugar cane. We also - another area that we don't talk a lot about though is the herbicide portfolio that we acquired. We're seeing good growth there in Europe on cereals and also new formulations being introduced into Europe. So that's another area of growth. And then lastly there's two other areas the fungi sides which will continue to expand with new formulations both in the U.S. and in Europe. And then we also have our plant health business, that Pierre highlighted in his script, where we see growth in biologicals and micronutrients. So if you think of the buckets of activity that's how I would describe it.
Andrew Sandifer: No actually Joel, maybe we didn't communicate in the right way because we've been - we've been invested heavily in biologicals since around 2013. We have very much the belief that niologicals are going to play an important part in the crop protection industry, either as standalone products or equally as important with formulations with synthetic chemistry. We have six strains in our pipeline, both fungicides and bio stimulants. I can tell you now that the money we're putting into this has increased every year sine 2013. So for us we see this as an important growth area and as we said, the plant health business is growing at greater than 20% and is getting close to $200 million. So it's becoming a meaningful part of the portfolio. We do a lot of educating, not only internally on biologicals, but with our retailers, distribution and growing network. Selling biologicals is different. They behave differently. They have different modes of action. So all that has to be built up over time. But I can tell you now we're very committed to biologicals.
Andrew Sandifer: You know, I think a pricing - pricing situation continues to be - to be thought through. We are definitely not increasing systematically across the board. We do it where - where the molecule can afford, and increasing in pricing we are very thorough around it and very systematic. We also use the seasons, for example you increase price in Latin America in the third and fourth quarter of the year, well, you will do that a different turning in North America. So it's over a long period of time, but it's not constant across a year for every region. So we do believe the pricing increase we do have for the full year right now we have quite a high level of confidence that it's sustainable and manageable. And like anything, price increase to be a - our customers are smart and they understand what they are buying and what they are paying for. So it's going to be very well thought through and done where you believe you can do it and that's what we've been doing. So I think we have a situation which is right now quite stable and we have a good way for early in 2019. The critical question which should be asked because we don't have an answer, is how sticky those prices are when the headwinds are disappearing, so that is a 2020 situation and we don't have an answer, as you can guess, we're going to try to hold onto those prices even in the face of less headwind, as long as possible.
Andrew Sandifer: Yeah. We - not to the same extent. For example in North America we do not have to do it as much because there is data which are generated by the industry special here on what we call EDI [ph] which are products on the ground. So when you have regular data coming at you from all of the suppliers of what goes into the market versus what goes on the ground, you are usually able to have a pretty good view of some of the inventory situation in North America. And I'd say Mark maybe you only want to add to this, but I think North America is one of the place where we are concerned not cost and maybe too strong of a word, but we are watching the situation around run inventory level where we have much more visibility today or less concerning in Latin America. But on a regular basis, yes it is a process, different methodologies we are using, but we are very highly focused on inventory of products into the into the channel. Brazil and Latin America being a place where we have developed our own system because that's the place where things could get out of control faster.
Andrew Sandifer: So first, yes, the $30 million there is exclusively due to the plant explosion and where we had to procure some of the products with different type of contract. So to your first part of the question, yes. In terms of impact, highest impact of the 30 million [ph] will be in Q3, and then about even between Q2 and Q4.
Andrew Sandifer: FX versus raw materials, there is only one place in the world where the selling methodologies is accepted from the supply side and the customer side where there is a link of FX to pricing, that's Brazil. Brazil is a place for - as far as we can remember, there was almost indexation of pricing to currency, everywhere else in the world it is a negotiation.\ So the way we look at it as from a commercial standpoint we just consider everywhere outside of Brazil cost and when there is cost we are facing whether it's the raw material or an FX cost. We do what we can in the places where we can afford to do it. Increase price to decrease - in terms of cost. No differentiating effects from raw material or other costs. From a procurement standpoint. And the second part of your question, I think what we do and nothing to compare ourselves to what our competitors are doing because in general we know exactly know what they do. But Europe we have uncovered in 2018, that supply disruption in China or issues are not things which cannot be dealt with. There is multiple sources of product in this world which are available if you do have a very active supply chain organization and procurement organization and yes, we've been very, very highly focused not only at fixing long term problem, by diversifying away from China supply, but also by creating through procurement organization and supply chain, a number of partnership which almost standby partnership ready to jump in as soon as we have issues.
Andrew Sandifer: So I want to be very careful on what I say, because in no case should we substitute our sales to the Chinese authorities, but we have no reason to believe today that the plant will not restart. It is a question of when every single we have is that the plant will restart and when we do a forecast with $30 million headwind cost it is a very conservative forecast, indication we have is that right now it is a worst case scenario. But once again I want to be careful, we believe the plan we have outlined for you guys from the financial standpoint is very achievable and we have no reason to believe it will not restart. We have a lot of education, but that's about as far as I can go.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you Andrew. Following a very strong 2018, FMC delivered exceptional performance in Q1 and we expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. The growth rate and EBITDA margins are at the very top of the industry and sustainable. Additionally, we have a clear path to expand EBITDA margin another 200 to 300 basis points with improving mix from new product introduction, exiting [indiscernible] and finishing the implementation of a new FMC system. Starting with our Q2 earnings call, we will provide an annual update on the R&D pipeline which includes six synthetic molecules in the development phase, 15 synthetic molecules in the discovery phase and six biological strains. We plan to do these every year on the cuticle. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.
Pierre Brondeau: Yeah, Mark. To your first question in terms of growth of the acquired assets, in the first quarter those growth rates were in the mid-teens for the acquired assets. Pretty broad based, as we said in the press release and in the slides that you see. It's very difficult to actually parcel out exactly where that growth is coming from in terms of the synergy growth. What we are seeing is market expansions. So from a geographic standpoint we highlighted south-western Europe which is a very good area for us. That is coming from distribution where we've expanded our distribution networks over the last 18 months. Places like China, where again, we're gaining traction with major distributors and retailers. Latin America on some of the crops we mentioned such as cotton. So it's very broad based. I don't think our expectations have changed at all in terms of growth rates for these products. We were surprised last year at the amount of traction we got. And obviously we've continued that in Q1 and we expect that to continue for certainly the next few years.
Pierre Brondeau: Not really Mark. I think - I think from our perspective, when things do get delayed, you better have product in the right place in the distribution channel, because when the planting does start, I think everybody knows it goes 24/7 and demand is very high. So for us it's very much a case of from a logistics and supply chain perspective working with our distribution partners and retail partners to make sure we've got the right products in the right place. Obviously we talked about the pre-emergent side of our business, uptake has been very strong and I would say uptake has been very strong in the high end of our pre-emergent. So products like Authority Supreme which are extremely high performance, we've seen good demand there getting ready for the market when it eventually gets here.
Pierre Brondeau: Do, I think the pre emergent now is - some of it is going on the ground. The market is delayed, so some of it's that waiting in distribution channel. That's normal. Obviously, the timing of application will be critical. We're getting into the period now where growth will come. We're very confident in terms of how much we expect from our pre emergent business this year and certainly we have the right products in the right places today.
Pierre Brondeau: Yeah, you know, we've talked about a market in Latin America that is obviously going to grow in that mid to high single digits. I think Brazil will be at the top end of that range. Q1 although a light quarter, we had very good performance on cotton, broad across the portfolio. Insecticides were strong, obviously increased acreage. All the trade issues that are working their way through today, obviously Brazil is a major exporter of soy. We continue to expect soy acreage to increase in Brazil. And with that we should expect to enjoy you know, increased sales as well.
Pierre Brondeau: Yeah, Steve I think it's a combination of the two. I mean, obviously the Brazilian growers are looking to get the maximum yields they can, given the high demand they see from the export market, specially to China. So that's one factor that I think the whole industry is seen. I think second for us is the growth in our insecticides in the quarter we're really focused on the pest spectrum that is more related to a lot of the legacy FMC products, not necessarily the diamide products here. Although we are seeing slight leakage on leps which is very strong for further an exit portfolio. So it's a bit of both actually. It's a bit of the market growth, but then it's a pest that particularly adept to what we have in our portfolio and that's mainly the legacy side of FMC business.
Pierre Brondeau: Yeah, sure. I mean, maybe I can take the opportunity to talk about that patent estate and how we see the world. We talked about that at the Investor Day. You know, I think people have to be aware that we have a patent estate that is very deep and very broad and also covers multi-years. For instance, you know, we've talked about Rynaxypyr and some of the main patents coming off in 2022. Well, the reality is they don't come off until 2023 in Brazil and in the European Union until 2024. So you can see there is a longer period of time. We have a number of activities underway within the portfolio, some of it relates to formulations. Those activities are in high gear. We are applying for registration today as we speak in many countries across the world. So from a formulation capability standpoint it's for us steady as she goes. We are looking at other activities as well to defend these high value franchise that we have. I'm not going to talk in too much detail about what they are, but it is very broad. So we're expecting that post patent you will see continued growth in the FMC portfolio from the diamide perspective.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes. Let me think – let me quickly think about that. So insecticides are the fastest growing segment broad based, not any one particular product. I would say pockets in Asia, China, India are fast growing, Brazil depending on the crop. Obviously we mentioned soy and cotton as to, sugarcane is more balanced. And then I would say in the U.S. as well on the niche crops, tree nuts, fruits that would be a good market for us. And then in Europe on pretty much all the niche crops down in the south of - south of Europe. Next would be herbicides for us growing the next strongest and then followed by fungicides.
