W. Foster: Thanks, Pierre, and good morning, everyone. Free cash flow for 2011 is reconfirmed at $300 million. As I mentioned on the fourth quarter call in February, this projection includes $40 million to $50 million in cash spending for restructuring of the phosphate businesses we exited at the end of last year.  Net debt at the end of the first quarter was $577 million compared to $476 million at the end of 2010. The increase is driven primarily by the normal seasonal working capital build in our Agricultural Products business.  Prior to each earnings call, we released an outlook statement on our website that summarizes our quarterly and annual guidance that we will discuss today. It also provides guidance for several cash flow and income statement items that can be used in your financial models.  I'd like to comment specifically on one of the corporate and other financial items section of our outlook statement, namely, Other Income and Expense. Our current guidance for this item is $25 million in expense for 2011. Approximately 75% of the 2011 total can be explained by 3 items: first, long-term incentives from managers in the operating segment; second, LIFO inventory expense; and lastly, capitalized interest related to capital projects that are not completed at the end of any quarter.  For segment reporting, we do not charge these items to the businesses. However, for GAAP income statement purposes, we account for the first item as an SG&A expense and the latter 2 items as components of cost of goods sold. As these items can vary yearly, we've elected to provide specific guidance on them in our outlook statement. During Pierre's comments about the first quarter, he mentioned production capacity constraints in certain businesses. And as I mentioned in the last earnings call, we are projecting to spend approximately $60 million in capital on capacity expansion projects in 2011, primarily in BioPolymer, lithium, and soda ash, which should address our near-term supply requirements.  As we continually reassess the organic growth potential of our businesses, we see more near-term opportunity. As a result, we're considering accelerating certain capacity-expansion projects that were originally just outside the planning horizon of Vision 2015. We're currently reviewing plans to accelerate our lithium expansion, an expansion in our soda ash capacity, and several BioPolymer expansion projects. In total, this could increase capital spending within the Vision 2015 planning horizon by $200 million to $400 million. These expansions will add to the organic growth rate of our businesses later in the Vision 2015 planning horizon and will provide returns comfortably in excess of our return on invested capital goal of 15% for the company. We will be in a position to provide more specifics on these capital projections later in 2011.  As we mentioned at our December Investor Day in New York, we intend to complement our organic growth initiatives with a focus, disciplined approach to external growth, including company, product and technology acquisitions. We continue to target $800 million to $900 million in sales by 2015 from external growth, with margins after synergies that support our EBIT margin target of 20% for the company by 2015 and that maintain our return on invested capital above 15%.  I should reaffirm that our external growth strategy does not contemplate making large scale, complex or transformational acquisitions or adding another business platform to our portfolio. We believe that these external growth opportunities could consume capital of $1.5 billion to $2 billion through 2015.  Given the nature of external growth, it's difficult to forecast the timing of these investments. However, we are actively working on several targets at the current time. Our strategy of returning cash to shareholders has not changed. We will continue to balance our prudent financial policy with the competing demands of investments to support organic growth and capital requirements to support external investment opportunities. As we evaluated these factors in the first quarter, along with the seasonal working capital build to support our ag business, we decided not to buy back FMC stock in the quarter. However, we remain fully committed to the broad outline we discussed during the December Investor Day and expect to return significant cash to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and stock buyback. With that, I will now turn the call back to you, Pierre.
W. Foster: I think in terms of the earnings outlook for the year, the guidance is for earnings to be up, roughly 10% on a full year basis. On sales that are up, it's mid-single digits. Clearly, the headwinds are higher raw materials, particularly on the BioPolymer business for pulp that goes into the MCC business. However, we'll more than fully offset that with higher prices on that same business so -- we'll be offsetting that. Clearly, the capacity constraints that we have in both businesses, but particularly in the lithium business, are significant. And again, if you want to look at overall, this segment we're guiding mid-single digits revenue growth for the year, I would say without those capacity constraints, the segment growth would be 4 to 5 percentage points higher, so that gives you some idea of the significance there.
W. Foster: Yes, we think, John, that the commodity prices are going to hold. But there will be an increase in cotton, sugarcane and potentially, soybean and corn. So as these commodity prices hold, we're quite bullish about the increases in acreage and all the key crops.
W. Foster: This is Kim. I think what you're referring to is the $60 million in expansion capital that I mentioned in the call that we're going to spend in 2011. And that expansion capital is directed towards the Granger startup. We mentioned that, that capital would be mostly in the first half of the year, in fact, mostly in the second quarter. And as Pierre mentioned, that would be around mid-single digits in millions. Pierre also mentioned that we just closed or finished a MCC expansion, which should add both capacity, both to our pharmaceutical, as well as our food colloidal projects. We've mentioned in the past that, that capital is going to be around $25 million. And we're also finishing up the expansion on our lithium business, which should be done by the end of the year. And that expansion should also be on the order of magnitude of $20 to $25 million.
W. Foster: I'm sorry, I don't have that number off the top of my head, but given the timing of what I mentioned as far as the expansions go, I would say, it's probably 50%, somewhere around there, spent.
W. Foster: Hey, Chris, this is Kim. I'd like to correct something I mentioned, that you asked about Alstate [ph], that will spill over into 2011.
D. Wilson: We intentionally shifted the mix a little bit more from the primaries to the specialties, basically because the capacity constraints that we have, we looked at the lower margin of primary products -- this would be outside the battery support area, and instead, used the lithium molecules that we had to make downstream products, products like butyllithium, which provided greater profitability. So not huge on an overall basis, but an intentional mix shift toward the specialties in the first quarter.
D. Wilson: Yes, I think we'll definitely see faster growth, if you think longer term in some of the primary [ph] products, like carbonate and hydroxide because those are really being driven by the battery applications of energy storage. So once we have additional capacity and we can fully serve that market, I would expect the mix shift back in that direction.
D. Wilson: This is Michael Wilson. I think with regard to the pulp supply, I would say what we saw in the first quarter was very consistent with what we projected, maybe a bit higher. But we see it consistent throughout the 4 quarters of 2011. I think that -- we'll probably see some additional pressures as we move into 2012. But that's something that we're positioning the market for in terms of higher prices. On the seaweed side of BioPolymer, we've seen very stable raw material input cost.
Milton Steele: Mike, we will not give you a number on what we think the prebuying was. It was robust. I think what is driving it though are 2 things: one, very good commodity prices; and two, if you go back to 2008, when we had that last commodity price spike, there was a shortage of products. So I'm pretty sure that distribution did not want to get caught short on the product, a shortage of products. So I think that, that's the main driver.
Milton Steele: Mike, no question, and the planting is quite delayed. The real issue will be if it gets delayed beyond a certain date, then farmers would start to switch towards soybean instead of corn. And given our current portfolio, that's not a bad thing for us. So I guess my way of answering to this, yes there's a delay in planting, but either way, I think we'll be okay.
Milton Steele: Chris, it's Milton here. Yes, we have had some price increases, and we're continuing to push for those across-the-board. We've had some increases in Latin America, small increases in North America and in Asia and in Europe, also small increases. It's in line with what we forecast. And we'll see what happens for the rest of the year. We continue to look for opportunities to put prices through, especially if we start to see significant cost increases.
Pierre Brondeau: Let me add a little thing to what Milton said. We had a very robust first quarter, which would tend to have us believing that we do have shift from Q2 into Q1, specialty North America. By the same token, we are still contemplating a very strong second quarter. So it's sort of looking like a strong first half. It's quite difficult to understand what is the normal growth of the business versus what is the potential shift from one quarter to the other. So that's why it's hard for us to quantify. I think we believe it's the case, but overall, maybe most important, we're contemplating the strong first half.
Pierre Brondeau: I think we've quantified the startup of Granger in the mid-single digit million dollars, that's about the number we are contemplating with most of it being incurred in the second quarter while we are ramping up the sales and decreasing the start-up spending of cost in the second half of the year.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, if you look at the targeted earnings, we do have for earnings growth, we do have for the full year for Industrial Chemicals of about 30%. You will see year-on-year increase, significant year-on-year increase in sales and earnings, but also sequential increase in the second half versus the first half of the year for Industrial overall.
Pierre Brondeau: Sabina, I think it's -- I do not believe there is anything today, which is nothing we had seen. I mean, the raw material increase is a bit higher. And certainly, we're expecting that the organization is compensating with higher prices. We're a little bit tighter on lithium than we thought, but we knew it would be tight. I think maybe more of a big surprise, not a big surprise, but what is a good surprise is that we're experiencing very strong growth on our MCC product line, especially for dairy products in China. We knew it would be a growth platform for the food business for the next 4, 5 years, and it's really confirmed here. And that's where most of the capital investment increase for volume and sales increase will go.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, we -- the capacity expansion for both businesses, lithium and soda ash, do not have today a direct impact on pricing. I think we are in the situation today, which the volumes we are bringing in will not materially change the supply-demand situation. I think in soda ash, our volume clearly will be absorbed and taken in our export market. What will be guiding pricing is much more linked to the price at which the Chinese will be willing to export their product to maintain or protect market share outside of China. That is what will guide the price much more than the additional capacity. Same in lithium, we're 100%. We're increasing our capacity by about 25%. It will not have an impact on the overall pricing, looking at the demand growth.
Pierre Brondeau: I believe it's a good way to think about it. You always have a mix, original mix, product mix. You also have spending on growth initiatives, but all in all, we will close the year for Ag at margins, which will be very much in line with the 2010 margins. So we're not expecting any shift of margin, up or down, within the overall segments when you remove all of the variation you can see across the year. So our objective, as we say, for the next 4 years are to maintain margin in the Ag business. And that's where we expect to be [indiscernible] our forecast for the year.
Pierre Brondeau: Peter, I think right now, I will have to say that our strategy to balance the cash we are generating between external growth or acquisitions, returning cash to shareholders and capital investments is at the same place as we were in December of 2010. If anything, I'm feeling even stronger because the business is doing very well. As you saw, we did better than the expectation in the quarter. The year looks strong. Cash generation is strong, so I do not have any concern around the type of commitment we made. And if you look at the merger and acquisition, I do believe today, and that's where we are prudent in commitment in terms of timing, I do believe today that the pipeline in terms of merger and acquisition is getting better. We are, of course, very careful. We will not do anything which would not be appropriate or not completely in line with our strategy. We will not do any transformational acquisition, but we do have some very interesting targets we are working with. And we do have a pipeline, which is getting better and better. So if anything, I'm more confident in our M&A strategy, but I will not prevent us to do the right capital investment for organic growth with high reason [ph] projects and return shareholder -- money to shareholder, as we said. The timing, what do we do more in Q2? More shareholder money return or more acquisition? I think we're going to have to decide, but if you look at the overall year, we're going to be exactly on the track as we discussed in December.
Pierre Brondeau: Peter, I think that if I would adopt that policy, you would not be very happy. You're one of the guy who told me, increasing the dividend by 20%, 20% of not much is not much. So I do believe that we would have to increase dividend maybe a bit faster than our earning growth. We had to look at where we should be from a dividend standpoint for a company with the kind of performance we have and how to balance returning shareholder between stock buyback and dividend. I really do not want to say that we're going to try a strategy, especially at our level of payment of dividend, which will be just aligning dividend payment to earning increased. I'm not even sure it would work for where we are. You can count on us to strongly return cash to shareholder, and it will be done in the form of dividend increase and stock buyback. We have not yet decided the exact pro rata of each of those. But we cannot define a rule as the one you are defining and I'm not sure it would be appropriate for us.
Pierre Brondeau: In capital, I mean generally speaking, think about a year like this year, it's always easier to think, in terms of the year rather than thinking in term of quarters because of plants, which are being built first. Think about half of the capital going in the year like this one, when we have expansion, half of the capital going to industrial, about 40% of the capital going to specialty and about 10% going to ag.
Pierre Brondeau: All right. Thank you very much for your time today. As you can see, we had a very strong first quarter, and we do have strong expectations for the second quarter and the rest of the year. I would say that the signals we do have today is that our Vision 2015 is intact. The cash deployment strategy remains. The M&A strategy remains. And maybe on the positive side, we are seeing maybe a stronger organic growth than what we were expecting, which of course, will have to be supported by a capital that overall impacts with a stronger organic growth for the future. So the quarter was good, the next quarter feels good. The year feels good. And I believe we're on the track to deliver what we are promising in our Vision 2015. Thank you very much for your call, and I'm sure we'll be talking soon. Goodbye.
Mark Douglas: This is Mark. On the international markets for exports, we indicated last quarter that we'd see growth in the 3% to 5% range. Obviously, with our capacity constraint, we're maxing out, in terms of exports. But I would expect you to look at those sort of demand numbers overall. We have seen Chinese exports pick up from the first quarter from an average of about 1.6 million tons last year to about 1.8 million tons in the first quarter of this year. So obviously, demand in Asia and demand in Latin America is pretty robust at the moment.
Mark Douglas: Domestic demand, no. It's rolling along at about the 3% ranges, which is what we indicated. So no real change there for the rest of the year.
Mark Douglas: Well what we're seeing now is -- and we've talked about this, is the fact that the Chinese are exporting above their cash costs and have been since December. That number is declining. It was around about $30 a ton in December. It's round about $15 a ton at the end of Q1. As we've talked about a declining price, we have that trending down towards the end of this year in the fourth quarter to be equal to that cash cost. That's the type of trend line we see.
