Pierre Brondeau: Thank you Kim. I would like to share with you the longer term perspective for FMC in the context of the Vision 2015 initiative we launched in July. As you know, we will provide you with a more in-depth review of Vision 2015 at our Investor Conference in December 7 in New York, but I want to take this opportunity to preview its key elements. In short, Vision 2015 is about driving strong shareholder value creation by aligning our organization around clear and ambitious financial goals. By 2015 we envision in FMC that generates $5 billion of annual revenue, delivers improved sustained EBIT margin greater than 20%, demonstrate significantly less earnings volatility, sustained high returns on invested capital and provide strong free cash flow. We have a well-defined executable plan to grow our current businesses above $4 billion in revenue through organic initiatives. The result that by itself would significant enhance shareholder returns. On top of that, we expect external growth initiatives including acquisition to increase its total revenue to $5 billion by 2015. We have developed a focused disciplined plan that reduces the risk normally inherence in external growth and we believe this target is achievable. Importantly, we believe that our external growth targets will not require all of our expected free cash flow and debt capacity. As a result, we fully intend to return a meaningful amount of cash to shareholders. Starting in the fourth quarter, we intent to repurchased $100 million in stock in open market transactions under our existing Board authorization. We are launching Vision 2015 from a position of strength. FMC’s recent past has been a pure year of a strong financial performance. Most of our businesses now enjoy margins and return on net assets well above peer levels. FMC is also strongly positioned financially with a liquid balance sheet of high operating ROI and substantial free cash flow. Our performance created attractive shareholder value over the period of 2002 to 2009. FMC delivered 17% compound annual total shareholder return putting us in the top quartile of our industry. Our goal is to sustain these high level of performance and to drive even greater value creation by growing our leadership position, increasing our reach, leveraging the size and scale of the operations and reducing costs, more actively managing our portfolio of businesses and maintaining a highly disciplined focus on our use of cash. Let me briefly touch on each of these strategic elements. First growing our leadership position. We will strengthen and build FMC’s leadership positions in a current core businesses and markets. We will not seek to add new business leg to our portfolio. We strongly believe our portfolio of businesses and the markets they serve are attractive and provide ample opportunity for profitable growth over the planned horizon. Second, increasing FMC’s reach. We intend to accelerate the global growth of many of our businesses with a particular focus on rapidly developing economies or RDEs. Our goal is for RDEs to contribute roughly half of FMC sales by 2015. Third, we seek to capture the value of common ownership by shifting from a globally decentralized model to one that better leverages the size and scale of our company in a few key areas to realize greater savings and operational efficiencies while maintaining autonomy and accountability in the business unit. (inaudible) include optimizing procurements in our supply chain and as I produce these stages building the essential infrastructure in RDEs. Fourth, we will move actively. We will more actively manage our portfolio, while nearly all of our current businesses and divisions are well positioned for sustained growth, we are continued to assess their performance and address any issues hindering profitably of growth. And finally, we will maintain a highly discipline and focused approach to cash deployments. During the 2010 to 2015 period, we expect to generate cumulative excess cash of approximately $2 billion. After taxes, capital spending and regular dividends. Our balance sheet strength also gives us the opportunity to increase debt while maintaining a strong investment grade credit rating. Overall we expect to have approximately $3 billion in variable excess cash to redeploy. As I’ve noted, we intent to return a meaningful amount of cash to shareholders over these period as our external growth strategy will not consume all the available cash. Those of you who have followed FMC in the past will recognize the Vision 2015 both the elements of continuity and important elements of change. Let me begin with what will be different. There are four key change elements that we expect will contribute significantly to the success of vision 2015.
Pierre Brondeau: If you look at – if you remember we were planning as we said in the second quarter call about $7 million spending for the boiler repair and plant outage. We were expecting a large part of that to be in the third quarter and the smaller part to be in the fourth quarter. For operational and commercial reasons, we have shift towards the beginning of the fourth quarter. The good news is all is well, the boiler is repaired and functioning, and the outage is behind us. We do believe that the range we gave to you of $4 million to $7 million is on the high side of that range spans over two quarters, and it’s about one-third in the third quarter and about two-third in the fourth quarter.Frank Mitsch – BB&T Capital Markets: All right, terrific. So everything is complete now, so that’s behind us.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, Frank. There is two major reasons for which we do have such a situation. First of all, remember that business from a learning standpoint was penalized in the first half of the year on inventory cost and there was about a $20 million over two quarters of penalty at the gross margin level. It’s purely accounting, there is nothing to do with the quality or the performance or the sale or the operations of the business. Second of all, we have made a very conscious decision to increase our spending in market innovation and technology innovation for growth. So we knew getting into the year that those two reasons would create lower earnings growth than sales growth. We do believe it’s going to be a situation where it’s going to change where we will be starting next year able to leverage top-end growth into earning growth.Frank Mitsch – BB&T Capital Markets: All right, terrific. Thank you.
Pierre Brondeau: Year-on-year, yes. There was a capital of a – actually there was one main reason. If you look at our specialty chemical business, this business is made of three businesses. We do have the lithium business, we have the food business, and we have the pharma business. Year-on-year the lithium business was at 14%, so well within expectations. The pharma business was at 9%, well within expectation. The food business was only up 4%, which is below what we would be expecting, and there is one main reason for that. As you know, we had an acquisition we made of ISP, and this year we completed the integration process of that acquisition, creating some lower capacity, because we faced some problem in transferring the process and moving that to our North American plant. So what happened is, in this quarter, we were limited in our growth not by customer demand, we actually were operating through the quarter with a significant backlog. But we were limited in our ability to supply products to customers, because of those integration issues. We do have worked those issues very hard and we do believe that they are very close to being behind us and we can resume normal growth very quickly.
Pierre Brondeau: First, I mean let’s break it down into two categories, there is the domestic market. And as we said, we had to increase for a total of $20 per ton. And ANSAC announced that grew at $30 per ton increase for export markets. Now for the domestic market as we said before, we are operating very near to full capacity, so we are just getting right now into contract negotiation. It’s always hard before you negotiate your contract to know where you will end up and how much of this price increase we’ll seek. Nevertheless, looking at the near full capacity utilization in North America, we are getting into those negotiation quite confidence. Regarding the export market, we do have many reasons to believe that ANSAC will be successful. I think we’re seeing more and more limitation on Chinese export capacity because of their pricing and cost situation. So we do believe that the price increase ANSAC is pushing will result in some success. Once again, this price increase for us applies to Latin America where most of the contracts are, and we also have to know until we get closer to January. We might actually in Asia outside of China see some impact of this price increase, because we’re operating on shorter term contract in Asia, and we might be able to see some improvement on the pricing situation for export in Asia outside of China. But really the full impact, John, we will know that when we get closer to the month of December-January.
Pierre Brondeau: You know at this stage, I think life is going to change more for Solvay than it’s going to change for us. We keep on growing. We do believe we’re in a very strong position. ANSAC is doing a tremendous job on the export. So we are not looking at that as a very threatening or very much changing of a situation.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, first of all, size of deal, we’re looking in bolt-on, looking at all these expansions. So I would say anything from companies which are running $10 million in sales with good growth potential international expansions to $200 million, $300 million, $400 million in sales will be kind of bolt-on acquisition we would be looking at. What we would like to expect from a multiple stand point is to make acquisition where past synergies multiple do not create dilution. And of course we like acquisition to be accretive very quickly first year and if not first year, year or two at the latest. From a strategy standpoint, we are looking at acquisition. If you look we have product line in the texturant business where we do have high market share in niche area, where we are very strong, but pretty much limiting growth to whatever market growth we have. So our intent – and we believe we could gain share at critical customers if we would increase our position in the texturant market with other technologies than the one we do have today. So that’s going to be a priority. But once again we thought through that carefully, it’s going to be small companies feeding our strategy, we are not going for by any mean for large transformational deal. We do not believe it would feed our strategy and it could deal with our successful business model.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay, that is very helpful. Thank you.
Pierre Brondeau: Mike, I would like – I mean it is very important raw material cost when you look at the segment level then, but I would still like to put a counter on the numbers, because company that carries it’s one of the greatest strength even when there is additional raw material, it is not like we are dependent on all price with significant evaluation like some chemical company could be facing. Just to give you a sense, when we talk about a raw material impact year-to-date for business like biopolymers it’s in the mid-single digits. So you’re talking about $5 million, $6 million, $7 million overall year-on-year kind of numbers, we are not talking about double-digit significant differences. We look at it because at a segment level it’s very important, but in the big scheme of the company, those are not big ups and downs.
Pierre Brondeau: Peter we are just in the process, we’re looking through all of that. I mean we do have a very rigorous process. I have not myself yet seen the budget coming from each of the business units. We will start to have a good quarter by the middle of November and then we’ll have to work those numbers for Board approvals sometime around mid-December. So it’s still work-in-progress, it depends a lot on volume, but also on what do we believe will be happening on pricing. It’s very early now that we have not yet started negotiations. So I am not in a position Peter to give you any color at this stage. I will need a few more weeks.
Pierre Brondeau: Well, most of the productivity improvement today are coming for – unfortunately for also what is the reason of some of the limitation in our line growth and mostly from integration of the acquisition – the ISP acquisition which was done. And so those [inaudible] numbers which were announced of and we are just delivering on the integration cost saving from the ISP acquisition.Douglas Chudy – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, so one time in nature versus kind of ongoing here is the way to think about it.
Pierre Brondeau: I think if you look this pricing differential is decreasing each quarter and I think is not minor but really starting to be at much lower level in the fourth quarter and that will be turning going into first quarter next year.Douglas Chudy – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Pierre Brondeau: We’re looking at an opening. It takes a few months anyway to get the plans up and running. So it’s very high on that priority list to make a decision which we have not made yet but I think it safe to think about some time towards the middle of next year if the market condition continued to support the opening. So we have to decide timing but Q2, Q3 are good timeframe and we should have to decide what percentage of the plant we would be launching. So let’s say Michael Wilson and his team will make a decision most likely sometime in the first three month of next year to contemplate in mid-year opening of the plants.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, first of all let me make sure I’m very clear on these business. It is a critical business from a growth and earnings standpoint. So external growth of this business is absolutely critical. Now here is what is the thinking behind the decision. First of all we do have a very high quality franchise. Our earnings and repeated performance demonstrate that we do have a unique business model which is very sustainable. When we look at other companies which could be potentially at some points variable for acquisition. It is very hard to find any company which is close to the performance for witness model, we do have in our Ag business and we are concerned – I am concerned about potentially having a negative impact if we do acquisitions on the quality and the performance of these franchise. These specially coming with the type of multiple which are seen to the in the Ag world which are very high and I’m just afraid we would not get the right type of returns taking into account the performance of our business. It also comes from the fact that the agricultural team has encountered maybe stronger way to grow. And I’m talking about smaller transaction. Smaller transaction just stands that they might involve less over cost because they will not be straight acquisition of company but more acquisition of product line. So its licensing each one of it, joint technology development is one of it but think about companies which might have product line which would have a lot of synergy with a product and might not be as critical for them. We would be willing to make significant investments to bring these in our portfolio and we believe it’s a safer way to protect the quality of our franchise. Now we will uncover more about the size but the actual growth in Ag through these process could be significant by no means. We are reducing that to no growth, it’s still pretty ambitious but a very different approach and a cheaper approach with higher return to do it.
Pierre Brondeau: You’re very welcome. All right, I think I’m going to go now in my very quick closing remarks. First of all I would like to thank everyone for your time and attention. We look forward to seeing you at our Investor Conference on December 7 in New York. And on these words, it concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Ted Butz: Mike, this is Ted, good morning. What we’re seeing in biopolymer, pressure if raw material is going up in both our seaweed businesses, especially kerosene [ph] and in our pulp businesses, a number of our accounts and customers in our seaweed businesses we have some pass throughs and where we’re actively raising prices to help pass that through. In the pulp side, we have some of that, we also have contracts that comes in the different stages. But they’re not in every seaweed where we’re seeing the prices coming up, but it’s up and continuing to – we see it will grow for the next several months increasing in pressure.
Ted Butz: Yes, Mike, I think we have a number of flexibilities. And over the last several years, we’ve built in a lot more capability to do that. Both in seaweeds we have multiple geographies where we can get many of the seaweeds and we work through that with many different traders. And then on the pulp side, we have many alternatives that we continue to work on that area. And that takes different amount of times between customers for qualification and approval, but that’s been a very successful strategy over the last several years for us to help mitigate some of these – the volatility and raw materials.
Ted Butz: Yes Michael, this is Ted again. On butyllithium, which is our key downstream product in the lithium business, we have been successful and seeing prices increase, demand – supply and demand are fairly in balanced and that improved over the last couple of years. We are getting price increases in most markets today and continue to see steady growth for the business. So our profitability of this side of the business has been improving.
