Mark Douglas: Thanks, Andrew. Our first quarter guidance reflects the trend of volume declines and related impacts to EBITDA that we've seen over the last 3 quarters. The destocking trend is expected to level off and start inflecting after the first quarter. Looking more broadly at 2024, we have a plan that is based largely on elements that we control. First, NPI sales are expected to drive revenue growth this year after already showing resilience in the prior years. We have demonstrated a history of growing this high-margin segment of our portfolio over the past several years. We are not counting solely on market growth in 2024. And second, the restructuring program we initiated last year is well underway and this is another area in which FMC has demonstrated strong execution in the past. We're also taking actions to increase visibility into inventories in the channel as well as grower levels through a combination of system implementations and strengthening our relationship with the grower. This is going to be a transition year for the crop chemicals market and we are taking the actions necessary to position ourselves to achieve our medium and longer-term goals. Despite the updated guidance for 2024, our outlook for 2026 has not changed. While it may take well into 2024 to start to rebound from the global channel inventory reset, the drivers for our industry and business remains strong. and many of the challenges we are facing this year, such as working through high-cost inventory are temporary. With the anticipated return to more normal market conditions in '25 and '26 along with our portfolio and deep pipeline of innovative products, we see strong growth ahead. With that, we can now open the line for questions.
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure. I mean, listen, we do that deliberately because there are two very different businesses, obviously. And we've discussed this multiple times in the past. Our branded business continues in a very strong fashion as we talked about in November, we're launching new products on a constant basis and especially the latest one which is Premier Star in Brazil which has done extremely well in its first quarter of launch. Those are the products that are really expanding the diamide franchise. Our partners are doing exactly what we and the rest of the industry are doing which is drawing down their inventories. So they did this in '23 and their current forecast show further declines as they draw their inventories down. At some point, that will come to an end and we'll move forward. But '24 from our view of where our partner revenues are look very similar to what happened in '23 which is basically just drawing down inventories.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, it's impossible for us to talk about what they're doing with their revenue growth targets or where they're growing. We don't have insight into that. All we do is provide them either formulations in some cases or more importantly, actual technical active ingredient. And don't forget, a lot of our partners use these products for seed treatment applications which is a very, very different market from us. So treat it as a separate market. We don't get involved in it. We provide the raw materials; that's how we think of it.
Mark Douglas: Yes, certainly, Kevin. I mean, first of all, the dynamic this year is going to be pretty much the reverse of last year, where we had very, very strong pricing as we went through the first half of 2023. Obviously, as we go through this year, we're going to start to lap those price increases, so the difference gets a little different. I would say, obviously, we've highlighted EMEA a highlight for us, it was in '23, continues to be that way in 2024. North America is looking good as well in terms of managing price I would say the place where we expect the most headwind is no surprise to anybody will be Latin America and that's mainly in Q1. We expect that to abate as we go through the year, mainly because of that lapping of price as I just talked about. So think of it as Latin America with really Brazil has been the main area there. With regards to Q1, we talked about a pricing headwind. It is a small number in terms of percent. So I would suggest less than the 5% that you just mentioned. We already see that in Brazil. So that's part of what we have forecast for Q1.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Joel, listen, I mean, I think for us, as I said, '24 is a bit of a transition year. Yes, we did lower the full year of '24 but that's fundamentally on one thing. We finished '23 lower than we expected. It is as simple as that. The numbers just flow from there. We were not going to hold a number that we thought was unrealistic just because we said it in November. We don't think that's the right way to run this business. Now when you look at '25 and '26, particularly '25 Andrew just commented on something that's very important and I mentioned it, we had a lot of headwinds that are temporary right now that are impacting us in 2024. They will go away. First of all, the high-cost inventory. The biggest impact of that is Q1 gets less in Q2. And then as we go into the second half, it dissipates. We also have the benefit of the mix impact from all the new products we're selling. The $200 million of NPI is at above average margins for us. So that changes mix as we go through the year. So you take those pieces and then you take the restructuring plan which is also now underway in building, we intend to have that at $150 million run rate by the end of '25. So you take those pieces they all build as we go through this year, that allows you to make that catch-up period as you go through '25 and '26. And then obviously, the market itself, market has been unbelievably depressed over the last 9 months and going into the first part of this year. That will not stay like that. The market will come back. It will grow at its normal low single-digit growth rates. Once we get into that period, we have a great tailwind going into '25. So I think we catch up. That's why we haven't changed it. We have a view. We know what we're going to be launching; that's an important view for us. So think of it as those elements will make up the '25, '26 period.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Sure, Mike. We talk about this a lot because obviously it's a big driver of our growth and also from our profitability standpoint. I think what we've been doing over the last few years is really a mixture of what we call product extensions which you've seen in the diamides area. I mean, we keep talking about Premier star. We need to put that in context I'm not going to give you the exact number because obviously, we have a lot of competitors listening in on the call. But in Q4 alone, we had tens of millions of dollars of brand-new business. So that's extending the diamide franchise in key crops in Brazil like soy. So those are types of products that are really driving the growth. When you look at the roughly $200 million of new growth in 2024. About $100 million of that is products that are launched within the year. Now $100 million in reference it's usually anywhere from $100 million to $150 million on an annual basis. That's what we've been tracking at. So our expectations for the brand new product launches are not out of line with what we've done historically despite how difficult the market place is. So we know we can sell those new technologies. We know growers are always looking for new alternatives to combat pests. It's split pretty much across all the regions, led by Asia and then Latin America and Europe and North America are all pretty much similar. So the good news there is it's in different geographies on different crops. So we're not banking on the growth of the new products by one big hit with one molecule. That's the good news. And that's how we like to play this. The other one is really our new fungicide, fluindapyr. That is gaining traction. We launched in Brazil. We launched in Argentina. We expect that to grow considerably as we grow through this year. This is our first real entree into a market that's called Asia soybean rust in Brazil. It's a $2 billion market, give or take and we have very little revenue there today. So that's another example of us taking a brand-new product, driving it into a geography and market space.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, channel inventories are high. We are carrying high channel inventories. We are not the only ones. Other people on earnings calls have highlighted India. You've had at least 3 years of bad monsoons as well as low pest pressure. So there is a lot of inventory that needs to be worked through that. We'll take all of '24 and probably into '25 to work that down, depending on what the weather patterns look like. If you look good, then we may get some acceleration. If not, it's going to take a while. So you're probably going to hear us talk about India pretty much every quarter as we go through this year and certainly into early next year. I doubt we'll be the only ones talking about that either.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I mean, listen, it's a very valid question. You've got to remember that they're selling products still into the marketplace from their inventory. We're not replenishing their inventory because they're not buying it. It's exactly what we're doing with our suppliers and what our customers are doing to us. A big piece of that market is seed treatment. Do not underestimate how much volume of the diamides goes into treating seeds around the world. It's a large volume. They also operate in markets that we don't necessarily have access, whether it's on a geographic basis or a crop basis. So once again, this is a $70-plus billion market for pesticides that is highly fragmented. It is not unusual for us not to know where those products are going. However, what we do know is that when they see a utility for diamides, they're using FMC's technology and that's what's important to us. So we think about it in that way. I think the other thing you've got to remember is we're talking about where the forecast currently sit. Forecast can change and frequently do. They did last year. The forecasts that the partners put in place in January is very different to what it looked like in September. We could well see a difference in their September forecast or their August forecast than what it is today. So we'll see. For us, the partners are very valuable. They've worked extremely well since we bought the assets way back in 2017 and they will continue to work well. They are just going through the same phenomena that we are.
Mark Douglas: Yes, absolutely. Plant health was down in 2023, mainly because of the segments that we're in. We have a big exposure to one particular segment in Brazil that was down. We had growth in other parts of the world. We see plant health coming back to its more normal growth rates in 2024. And those growth rates are high teens, low 20s. And with the biologicals component, somewhat higher than that. So you should expect to see the Plant Health business back to its normal cadence. We're also doing what we said we would do in our Investor Day. We're investing in new business models for this business. And despite all the changes we're making, we have carved out the ability to create a new business model in Brazil for the plant health business. So we're going to be very interested in seeing how a purely dedicated plant health business starts to perform once it gets its breadth of portfolio which is doing today. So I expect it to be very good growth in 2024 for plant health.
Mark Douglas: Yes. We don't -- that last bit, we don't break out, Laurence. I don't know what controversy you're talking about, about the diamides. We love the business. Higher margins than normal in general, have been since we bought the business, continue to be so. Margin, profile, very strong. I would expect -- I think it was the middle part of your question that as the diamides continue, we'll see what happens with our India business as we go through all the channel inventory work. That may be a drag. Partners, we've already said, is going to be lower. The rest of the branded will see as we accelerate through the year. The new product introductions will definitely be faster growth than the rest. That's how we see the business. It's a strong franchise has been since we owned it and it continues to be.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Richard. Yes, we have seen already some insights into how distribution is thinking of managing its own supply chain. And clearly, distribution is lower its inventory levels. you would expect that to happen. The good news is some of the insights we already have in certain parts of the world like the U.S. which we think is probably the furthest advanced at the grower level and at the retailer level. inventory is probably at or maybe even below normal levels. So it's going to be interesting as we really roll into the U.S. season starting in a month or so time [ph], how that really unfolds. The rest of the pieces have been put in place. I do expect Europe to have a much better view. The survey we've put in place is pretty comprehensive. And we're really entering the European seasons Q1 and Q2 are the big growth areas for Europe. So I'm very interested once we get through to the end of Q2, what does that survey tell us when we get to the end of the season. As I said, it's very comprehensive. It's hundreds of different retailers and more importantly, growers throughout Europe. So we'll get a good view there.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Sure. I think certainly, as we're looking to free cash flow for '24, working capital, particularly accounts payable and to a lesser degree, inventory are really the big drivers of cash release in 2024. And that's in part because of an expectation as we go through the year, then we start rebalancing and production and inventory. We have been intentionally throttling back pretty severely manufacturing over the past two quarters and well into Q1. We would expect to see some ramping back up in manufacturing activity as we go through Q2 through Q4. That will help with bringing up accounts payable. At the same time, we're selling down from the higher levels of inventory we have right now which includes some higher-cost carryover inventory from prior years. So if you look at the big contributors, it's about 2/3 accounts payable, 1/3 inventory that is a benefit from a cash flow perspective. From a P&L perspective, Q1 in particular, is impacted by the carryover of higher cost inventory from last year. As we get further into the year, we have been buying at lower cost. There are lower cost materials and inventory that we'll get to as we work it down. And then as we rebuild production, we expect that to be at or better cost than what we have in inventory right now. So this is a part of that, unfortunately, the pronounced quarterly cadence this quarter as well. As we -- and I think certainly finished the year, we'll have re-established a balance and a more normal balance between inventory and payables and the inventory we will have will be at a more normalized cost base to current market costs. So that absence of that headwind going into 2025 should be a powerful tailwind as we look ahead.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Look, I would put it this way. We've long said that we think that this channel inventory correction takes a full year in every market to reach sort of a bottom. We have not gotten to that full year yet. This phenomenon really started in the latter part of Q2 of 2023. Thus, the Q1 revenue drop pretty much in line with the previous three quarters where we've been going through this channel destocking trends. So I think as we think about trajectory for 2024, Q2 is the real transition. We expect a shift to growth in Q2. It may not be significant growth but we do expect to grow as we anniversary the initial drop that started this phenomenon. And as you pointed out, I mean, certainly in that last Q2 through Q4, where our guidance implies about 16% top line growth -- or excuse me, 15% top line growth and about 30%, 32% bottom line growth. That starts in Q2 where you have this inflection and then accelerates in the second half. And as Mark commented on in his prepared comments, it's really driven by new product introduction, right? And I can't emphasize enough when $200 million of year-on-year growth of new product introduction in a year where we're only forecasting $115 million is total revenue growth at the midpoint. It's a significant mix benefit and it's very much tilted in the second half. So I do understand it's a bit of a very back-end loaded profile. But I think there is a clear logic to it. Q1, we're finishing out the first year of this channel inventory correction getting past the anniversarying of it. We have this hangover from high-cost inventory from the prior year. Q2, we see a transition back to positive comparisons and then an acceleration in the second half driven by new product introduction.
Andrew Sandifer: Joe, it's Andrew, I'd just add one additional comment there. We set out those goals in November. We highlighted 6% to 9% revenue CAGR and a 9% to 14% EBITDA CAGR of the '26 horizon. With the adjustment with the lower results in 2023 and the slower start in 2024, you're really only talking about increasing that by 1 percentage point. right? As we've shown in the updated slides today, a 7% to 10% top line CAGR and a 10% to 15% bottom line CAGR. So it's not a fundamental shift by any means and the amount of growth we were targeting. And the logic as Mark has outlined here of how we think we can deliver that.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. I think, Vince, certainly when we think about the cost impact from last year, part of that is the carryover of bond variances of fixed cost absorption. And that really hits most significantly in Q1 and to a lesser degree in Q2. As Mark described, as we start ramping up production more broadly through the first half of the year and definitely into the second half. we'll get past that unabsorbed fixed cost headwind. But it's certainly a contributory factor into why the EBITDA in Q1 is depressed more than the sales drop.
Andrew Sandifer: Like Benson, I think that trend is clear and real. I don't think we're prepared to quantify that today because, obviously, it's going to depend on how the rest of the year plays out. But you're absolutely correct. What we said and what we're seeing for the materials we are buying, we are buying them at or below cost of what we have in inventory. So it will be a tailwind as we go through the year and will improve as we get through the year. We'll have to see how the rest of the year plays out to see what the actual magnitude of that tailwind is going into '25.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. I think certainly, on the price dynamics, first quarter low to mid-single-digit price headwind, heavily anchored in Lat-Am, a little bit in Asia. For the remainder of the year, prices are actually pretty flat. We'll be anniversarying some price reduction in Q3 and Q4, as Mark described, much of that is rebated incentives, not necessarily list price changes. So it's the absence of headwinds as well in the second half of the year as we see stabilizing market conditions. So for the full year, you end up with a low single-digit price headwind. Certainly, relative to cost, cost is going to be a strong tailwind this year as we get through the full year in Q1, no but as we get through the full year, input costs will start to turn to a tail as we get past the high cost of inventory. And then certainly, with all the restructuring actions that we're taking, that will help generate a further tailwind this year. So the net price/cost relationship for the year is positive.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Look, I think we're -- as sales we've talked about, we're expecting pretty strong growth from new products in the second half. The first half is down across the board. So that growth from Q2 to Q4 is stronger than the full year growth. So there is growth in the core portfolio, absolutely. Probably more like high single digits rather than mid-teens, a little stronger growth from new products in that Q2 to Q4 time horizon. I think we have to be a little bit careful with percentages here. We've had a major market reset in 2023 and as the channel starts to settle out, normalize on inventory, the dollar amounts we're talking about in terms of incremental growth are not egregious by any means when you think about the dollar growth that, that would imply for our core portfolio and a core portfolio that's performed pretty strongly historically. So I think we think that's a pretty reasonable balance. But again, that strong base and that strong driving on the new products is what really helps reinforce the acceleration and the leverage to the bottom line in Q2 through Q4.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. Look, I think Mark is right, it's a little early to guide '25 specifically. But in terms of shape of the curve, we've always expected '25 was a big acceleration. You pointed to some of the factors that compound that in terms of the restructuring benefits as well as coming out from higher cost inventory that we have right now in our inventory. But with then still continued very strong growth in 2026. So that's how I described the general shape of the curve at this point, a pretty big step-up in '25 and continued strong growth in '26.
Andrew Sandifer: Let me hit those questions. I think in terms of seasonality of cash flow this year, we expect a very different profile for cash flow seasonally this year. We would normally have a large working capital build in Q1 driven by inventory build as -- you're painfully aware, we have plenty of inventory at the moment. So we would expect a much more limited working capital build in Q1. So a much more limited negative free cash flow in Q1 which is a big part of helping us move forward on deleveraging quickly. I think through the rest of the year, you're going to see a little more acceleration as we go through the year. We are typically free cash flow heavy in the second half in Q4 in particular. But the -- certainly, the historic large outflow in Q1 should not be repeated this year. In terms of your question on covenant leverage, yes, we are assuming the covenant leverage at less than 3.5x. That is assuming that we close a divestiture of the GSS business at some point in the second half. That process is just getting launched. As Mark noted, we finished preparations, we're getting prepared to go to market formally with that property. We had a lot of expression of interest in it. So we'll run through that process and continue to update as we move forward to get under the 3.5x covenant leverage, we do need to have proceeds from the GSS divestiture.
