Mark Douglas: Thank you, Andrew. We had a number of issues in late Q4 that we are having to address. We do not expect all of them to be resolved in Q1. We do, however, see these issues as transitory and are focused on ensuring we can mitigate supply chain risks and continue to expand our market growth opportunities. As you can see from our robust 2021 guidance, we are confident that 2021 will be another year of strong revenue and earnings growth for FMC. We continue to renew our portfolio, launching two new important products in Q1. We continue to invest in our R&D pipeline and we remain fully committed to bringing new sustainable technologies to our customers. Our overall agenda on sustainability continues to advance with the recent appointment of our first Chief Sustainability Officer and through new partnerships like the one recently announced with Novozymes. We plan to return about $700 million to shareholders this year through dividends and buybacks. And finally with our 2021 growth rates above the long range plan, we remain firmly on track to deliver our five-year plan commitments. Before I close, I’d like to highlight the press release issued yesterday regarding Pierre Brondeau’s retirement as Executive Chairman effective April 27. I very much appreciate his leadership and look forward to his continued involvement as Non-Executive Chairman. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. Yeah. Listen, the first piece, I think, was saying, we are getting out of the materials that we had supply chain disruptions through. We are getting about half of that back in Q1. The reality is, listen, it’s a competitive world. Customers want to place orders. You deliver material. If you missed the delivery, some customers will wait, some won’t. And the reality is we did lose some sales. We consider that transitory. We don’t expect that to happen in Q4 next year. The team -- the commercial team will be working hard to recoup that position and we are very confident that the products that we have to deliver then will deliver. I think the comments on distributors and retailers in the U.S. We have watched this evolve over the last year or so. And as growers have faced lower income supply chains of being squeezed all, and I think, frankly, I think, many of us at our point in the value chain and distribution and retail are paying much closer attention to working capital. So the comments we are making are more broad based and it’s something we are aware of. We will work with our customers under these circumstances. It’s what we do, but we are highlighting it out there because we believe it’s a facet for the industry that needs to be highlighted, because everybody’s talking about strong commodity prices and how everything’s going to grow rapidly in the U.S. That may well be true in certain segments. But let’s not forget there is a value chain here that needs to make money and the balance sheets are important to many of our customers and that will get managed appropriately. So that’s why we made that comment, because we do see that trend of an increased focus on working capital and balance sheets.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. I mean you think about we are entering once we hit Q3 we enter a whole new season in Latin America. That’s clearly where we are looking to recover most of the lag that we had in 2020. It’s normal. It happens from year-to-year. But we are very confident that we will get it. We do have pricing in the first half of the year. We have about a third of the total for the full year. It’s in the first half to the second half. But really it follows the seasons and Latin America is the big season. I like to some pricing in Europe as well, but mainly Latin America.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. I think our view over the last year has become more optimistic as we have gone along. We have been forecasting for the last few years sort of a flattish type market, and frankly, we have been pretty close to where the market has really finished up. You can tell by our organic growth rates and on revenue growth rates that we are above the top end of our five-year plan sort of numbers. So we do consider it a good year. Clearly, when you when you have strong commodity prices like we see, growers are going to spend money to protect the crops. They want the highest yields therefore they get the most value. So I think it’s going to be a combination of a couple of things. Price recovery in Latin America, as I said, is going to be important. The good news is Brazilian growers, Argentinean growers, the Mexican fruit and veg growers, they are all in much better shape than they were 12 months or 18 months ago. So they are feeling confident. We do expect to see acreage increase in Latin America on top of the good prices, so soy should be increased. We would expect cotton to bounce back quite considerably next year. So I think it’s going to be a more of a combination impact of price in Latin America and then really maximizing our customer’s ability to get the highest yields by using the better products. And frankly that’s why our diamides -- one of the reasons our diamides has been doing so well around the world is the fact that they do enhance yield and allow the growers to get that productivity. So bottomline for me, Steve, I think, we are more confident than we were 12 months ago. These growth rates are higher than we would have had 12 months ago for 2021 and we are confident that our grower’s customers are going to be looking for the best solutions to improve yield.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. When we look at where we are today and we think about that $19 million of cost that we have year-over-year, we think roughly about $25 million to $30 million is really what we would call COGS increases. I was very deliberate in my comments that we do see disruptions and logistics costs that are higher than they have been at any time. You can go and look at any of the data out there and look at shipping rates. Shanghai to Rotterdam a year ago was about $1,700 a container. It’s now $9,300 a container. That is a real increase that we simply don’t control. We can try and mitigate it as much as possible. But there are real logistics costs out there that are starting to flow through many industries and this is not peculiar to our industry or even FMC. We hear about it and see about it in many of the industries. I think the other piece is, we are starting to see some raw material and active ingredient increases coming out of China. It would appear that parts of China and particularly the north have had supply constraints due to pockets of COVID and those are starting to ripple through. So we have been very careful on raw material costs, but we do believe we will see higher raw material costs not across the Board, but in pockets through 2021. So that’s how we kind of get to that $25 million to $30 million increase. It’s not broad based. It is more pockets of activity. But I do think you are going to hear more about it as more people get into the year and talk about their cost structures.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Sure, Mark. So, on the first one with the diamide third-party relationships, they are continuing to evolve. I think the last time I gave you an update we said we had about 40 to 41 agreements around the world. That number is up to about 50 today, so commercial teams are continuing to develop those local relationships, as well as some of the global relationships that we have. Diamide has grown very strongly as you and everybody else knows. Last year, I think, we finished just north of $1.8 billion in revenue in size, up from an initial $1.1 billion when we acquired the business. We -- I think the business grew in the mid-to-high single digits last year, closer to the high-single digits. On an organic basis, it would be even higher than that. We just don’t track it at the product level. So very successful. The registration side of this, I have talked about in the past and it continues to evolve. When I think about 2020 between Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr, we had over 70 brand new registrations in the year and that is essentially driving you into new geographies. I think there’s something like 21 brand new crops added with those registrations. So those are crops that we have never been on before. So you can see why we keep that registration portfolio very close to half, because that’s one of the key drivers, not only do we have to keep the market access going, but we also have to get those brand new registrations. So from our perspective, we track it very closely. I could give you -- I will throw you some numbers out that that you may find interesting. In 2018, we had 106 Cyazypyr registrations around the world. We are now at 173 and then when you look at Rynaxypyr, we had 170 in 2018. We are not 250. So people often ask why does that matter? It gets you new access. It gives the commercial groups new markets to go sell against older chemistries that are out there. So I expect that growth rate to continue as we have said for many years as we go forward. At some point this year, probably, in the August call or, yeah, probably, the August call we will give more details around the third-party relationships, where are they going, what do they encompass. I think we always ask to our investor community. We talked about it in sort of a high level term. I think it’s time now that we have over 50 of these in place that we have to start giving some more granularity here.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Laurent. We are forecasting about 2% headwind due to registration losses. Interestingly enough this year, last year was heavily focused on Asia and parts of Latin America. This year it’s roughly split 50/50 between Europe and Latin America. It’s a combination of some older insecticides and some older fungicides/herbicides. Nothing that’s really big, not like when -- in 2019 when we removed carbofuran, which was the bulk of what we saw the impact last year. This is more a myriad of smaller products. Some is deliberate on our side, cleanup of the portfolio, reducing that portfolio impact. But frankly there’s no major one. It’s -- I would probably say, six or seven different compounds spread across that 2%. I think that’s a fair rate. We have talked about roughly on average about a 1.5% drag due to registration or deliberate actions by ourselves. The last couple of years are pretty close to that 2% range. We don’t have a good view yet of 2022. Our regulatory team will be telling us what that looks like. But I think for your modeling, you should plug in about 1.5% to 2% sort of drag going forward on a longer term basis.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. It’s much higher in Q1, because about 50% of the European impacts, which is roughly half of the 2% is in Q1. So it’s a bit of a higher lumpiness in Q1 than it would be the rest of the year, Laurent.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. You are right on cotton, Joel. Cotton is not necessarily missed opportunity. It is lower acreage. The missed opportunity I was referring to was more on the soy complex and some other crops because of the drought. Cotton is purely around just, you know, 15% acreage reduction is an enormous reduction in cotton in Brazil. So, hopefully, that clarifies that for you. On generics, yes, I have to say, I think, at the low end of our pre-emergent business, we are seeing more generic pressure and our North American team makes decisions on an annual basis that they want to compete in that low end or are they continuing to focus their marketing efforts on the high end. Obviously, this year, we decided we were not going to go take volume at low margin. It didn’t suit what we wanted the business to look like. It wouldn’t have helped our inventories. That’s for sure. So we decided to focus on the high end, Authority Supreme, Authority Maxx. And actual fact, it really suits where the market is going, because as weed resistance builds, it is the tougher to control weeds that the growers are willing to pay the high premiums for to allow you to get rid of those weeds. The older formulations, the more, how shall I say it, simpler less sophisticated more generic formulations are not actually performing in those fields. So, for us, it’s quite a natural lifecycle progression to move away from those generic products. Elsewhere in the portfolio, I would say, the generic pressure is probably as normal as it’s always been. Pre-emergent, we highlighted it because we felt it was a significant event in the quarter and it needed to be talked about. The positive to take from that is our formulation expertise moves us forward with new products that allow us to continue to take market share at the high end.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Mike, listen, I mean, when we forecast forward, we tend to forecast what we call normal conditions, so that would be normal weather, normal pest pressures. I mean, obviously, the further out you forecast the more variance there could possibly be. But today I would say, there is obviously two pieces, volume and price. I would say right now, we are feeling very good about the price piece given what we are seeing in Latin America and the marketplace. From a volume perspective, also very confident given the fact that a lot of the growers are in much better position than they were 12 months ago and you shouldn’t underestimate the psychology of farmers. That is a very important aspect to how they think forward, how they will prepare for a strong season and what that means for us to feed that value chain as we get into the season. So obviously, listen, both price and volume, we don’t ultimately control. They are part of the marketplace. But I feel very confident that given where the business is positioning itself, the new product growth, the continued growth of diamides, our ability to move price, which we have shown as we went through last year we gathered each quarter, it was higher than the last and we eventually ended up in not a bad place at all especially in Latin America. So just think of it in terms of I would say normal risk, yes, weather will play a part as well a pest pressure, but we are forecasting it to be normal and pretty confident of that forecast.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Listen, at the end of the day, when you think of our long range plan 5% to 7% topline, 7% to 9% bottomline, we actually do that on a non-adjusted FX basis, i.e., it’s essentially a volume plan and if FX goes against us, we will move price and that will adjust. I think the confidence you should have in 2021 relays itself, here we are three years into our plan and we are right in the ranges where we should be. Despite the fact that in 2019, we had something like $115 million of headwind on cost and in 2021 we had about $270 million, $280 million headway on FX, yet here we are still in the middle of our plan range. So, it’s very -- it should give you a lot of confidence that we know how to manage these. Yes, you can have dislocations in a quarter obviously. But if you think about ‘19, ‘20, ‘21, that’s a very strong track record of delivery with almost pretty close to, if not more than $400 million of headwind over this three-year period. Andrew, do you want to talk about costs.
Mark Douglas: Yeah. Sure, Kevin. So, yeah, Brexit, we have a strong business in the U.K. We sort of think about it in terms of a roughly a $15 million to $20 million a swing between Q4 and Q1 on a revenue basis. I have to say what when we put the plans in place with our customers, I was skeptical that it would be needed. But given what we have seen in the U.K. and Europe with regards to freight logistics, I am very pleased we actually did that. I know it makes Q1 look a little worse but the reality is I am glad we did it. On the second piece with the toll manufacturing relationship, it is a toll manufacturer that we have used for many years. They were in a particular hotspot related to COVID and simply could not get staff and could not make the products that we needed in the timeframe that we needed it. We are making some adjustments to our network to obviously help mitigate some of that. We are not seeing that reoccurring in Q1. Frankly, most of that business occurs in Q4 from a tolling perspective anyway, so you wouldn’t really expect it to see. I think what it highlights for us is, we do a very good job of mitigating raw material intermediate movements around the world where we might have issues. Of course, we do employ like many other companies many toll manufacturers and we really do have to -- we have to pay attention to every single one all the time. This one we did not have the right communication flow and obviously we paid a price for that. You can rest assure that we have learned the lesson there and it will not be happening again either there or anywhere else. And then -- and the second piece of that was, the logistics element, there was a lot of logistics issues in Q4 that we had to overcome. Some of it was related to lack of drivers in parts of the world, we have seen that in the U.S. and some of it was related to more warehousing. But the reality is the toll manufacturers was the big piece.
