Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. I mentioned at the start of the call that I would give you a few highlights on how the acquired business is performing this year. The revenue growth for the acquired business has been robust year-to-date. For full year 2017, revenue is expected to grow about 6%, which is driven by very strong performance in India, as well as increased sales of insecticides. The overall performance of the business is largely in line with our forecast made in March. A second key driver in 2017 has been the acquired business strong work this year to reduce channel inventories in its product in the Americas. We believe the acquired business have normalized inventory levels in both North America and Brazil. This performance positions FMC well to continue growing the business in 2018 at a pace at least as high as the 2017 growth. We believe this provides upside to our prior assumptions for the growth of the combined Ag Solutions business in 2018. This brings me to slide 11. We have updated some of the numbers, and we would also like to refer a comment about how we feel after owning the DuPont business for a few days. As we mentioned earlier, we have increased our 2017 earnings guidance for both our legacy Ag business and for our Lithium segment. We have also lowered our estimate for incremental D&A related to the acquisition, and we now have more certainty on the expected financial impact of the regulatory remedies in Europe and India. We are not changing the cost synergies range. As we have explained, these cost synergies are not the usual savings seen in acquisition. Remember that we are getting the business from DuPont with almost no corporate or macro fee structure. Cost synergies, in our case, are a combination of real cost decreases such as opportunities to operate plants at a lower cost and cost avoidance opportunities where we add less cost than were anticipated in the acquisition model. Our assumptions for EBIT growth in the combined Ag Solutions segment has the potential to have the most upside relative to the initial forecast when we assume 2% to 4% revenue growth in 2018. Based on what we have seen so far regarding the current business, we are feeling more positive about 2018 growth for Ag Solutions. We will be able to give more clarity on this topic during our February 2018 earnings call. Moving over to Lithium, We expect the positive trend we have seen year-to-year to continue through 2018, and we continue to expect Lithium earnings to increase by $40 million to $50 million. In summary, we feel very good about where FMC is today. Our current Ag Solutions business delivered record Q3 earnings, and we are set to deliver a strong Q4 driven by Latin America. The integration of the acquired business is in full motion with our team already – teams already operating together. Lithium had a very strong quarter and is on track to deliver even higher earnings in the fourth quarter as the new hydroxide units are in full commercial operations. I want to thank you for your attention, and I will now call – turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thanks, Mark. Regarding procurement and the size of the new Ag business, I think needless to say that when we talked about synergies and cost synergies that is typically one of the place where we are looking at significant synergies. We are still quantifying all of that. We believe that one of the number one source of cost saving will be with our toll processors who are producing active ingredients. We do have the former DuPont business and FMC lots of toll processors in common, and we know that we have possibilities to create significant saving here. We also have the same situation on some of the critical raw materials. So, we are quantifying all of that. It will be part of numbers we will be reporting early next year. But we clearly have two source of cost saving. One is tollers and one is direct raw materials.
Pierre R. Brondeau: On your comment about Brazil, Chris, which is a valid comment, remember, Rynaxypyr is not a Brazil story. It is much more of an Asia, Europe or North America story. The market is fairly, sales are fairly small for us in Brazil. The other point I would like to add, which is not a direct answer, but I want to use your point here of your question to talk about what we understand the team has done, and we went through there a number as quickly as we could. The team, when they were separated from DuPont and operating as a stand-alone organization, Rynaxypyr and other product did a tremendous job in removing excess inventory from the channels. So think about a situation where not only this business in 2017 grew at 6%, but at the same time was capable of bringing its level of inventory in the channel almost to normalized level, which is giving us very strong expectation going into 2018.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. I think, Frank, we are very close to making a final decision. Hopefully, we are just a few weeks away from this, potentially bringing that to our board at the December board meeting for approval. So we are getting very close to making that decision.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And I must say also, as long as talk about that, 20,000 today – we are studying the market. 20,000, I would say, is a minimum, and we are looking at building capacity, potentially beyond that all the way up to 40,000. So it's a work in progress but just a few weeks away from it.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think the price pressure has been mostly in Latin America and Brazil, and it's linked to two things. First of all, one is the competitive nature of the business where competitors maybe are starting to see the need to decrease the level of inventory in the channel which is always creating price pressure and also the fact that Brazil is a place where the price is indexed on currency. So that's the main driver. If you look at our, what we're expecting this year is to have a 2% price decrease. That is mostly coming from Latin America and Brazil. So most likely to remain next year because we believe our competitors are going to need a good couple of years like we did to clean up the situation. So those are the main drivers but we don't expect more pressure than that in the market going into 2018.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Let me talk the synergy aspect first. We want to be very clear, and I think that's what you're implying in your question. Synergies here are not your regular type of synergies where you're measuring your head count decrease and consequently you're monitoring how much cost you are removing from your operation. We're going to have two type of what we call, maybe a bit loosely, cost synergies. One is the real cost synergies, we talked about procurement is one driver. We believe there is significant opportunities here, and there is opportunities in plant operation and supply chain. Those are real cost synergies. The rest is just we are trying to define what is the operating cost we need for this business versus the model we had when we made the acquisition. Now, understand that the business which is coming at us, I know there is a tendency to push very large synergy number because we sometime believe DuPont being a large corporation, they come with large corporate cost. But remember, none of that is coming to us. We are getting no corporate cost, we are getting almost no back office people, no back office structure. So, we're only getting the manufacturing, the research, the sales, the marketing supply chain people and that's it. From this, we are adding very carefully to operate the business with the TSA we have with DuPont. We believe by the time we get to January, we will have defined our operating cost to run the business. That's where we're going to be. We're going to be looking at it. So by the time we get to the February earnings call, we – by the time we get to the February earnings call, we should be able to give you a very good sense for the bucket of real synergies and what is the operating cost of the business with those two businesses together. So our guidance in 2018 should be pretty firm when we give it with our Q4 numbers. Regarding the ag market outlook, the way we are looking at it today, we would say globally flat, maybe low-single digits, but that's about – we believe and we sense a stabilized situation. We definitely do not see decline, but more a flat to low-single-digit picture getting into 2018.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. What we've seen, what we've studied, I mean, clearly, there is two place where there was a very high level of focus, where they have normalized their inventory level, that would be Brazil, Latin America and North America. What is not – China too. What is normalized? It depends upon the market, but anything around 25% is a number where you would consider you have normalized channel. And so, those are the three places, China, Brazil, to some extent Latin America and North America, where the biggest work has been done.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. When we say a few weeks, it's about everything which is required to build expansion, to get approval to separate the business within a few months. So, yes, it includes all approval, internal, external.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think we need to dive into the numbers and specific customers and crops to really finalize that. The initial look we had, I'd say it was a look we had especially driven by this call here because we knew we'd have to give you a sense. The business is going to grow in 2017 6%, knowing that the 6% was driven by specific countries, region and crop plus was done with a significant work to decrease channel inventory. Between the drivers and the decrease of inventory, we see absolutely no reason not to have at least the same growth rate going into 2018. Actually, with the analysis we've done, we are looking to demonstrate that very early in the year with a solid growth in Q1. So 2018, at least, the same number, starting pretty strong in Q1.
Pierre R. Brondeau: One comment about that question which I want to make sure is clearly understood. We had a very strong third quarter, but we see same trend in the fourth quarter, which mean it was not moving forward orders or just things are falling in space and the fourth quarter is as strong as we're expecting it before with significant growth driven mostly by Latin America but also a healthy situation in North America despite the strong third quarter. So there was no pull by our customers or early buys. So it's important to see sales are fully in place in the right quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. So we have a TSA with DuPont which had a cost, we were expecting in the $50 million range for very well-defined services. And over the next 18 months, this TSA is going to be phasing out, which mean we don't keep the TSA all the way to the end. Once this TSA was defined, our functional team finance, IT and others define the bare minimum structure they would need to operate that business. And that's what we are putting in place and we are making good progress, to almost get to this. At this point, we're going to pose. These points will be well below the model but we are not sure that this place where we'll pose will be strong enough for us to be able to operate the business for the two-year period while we have a TSA in front of us. So that is the process we are following our targets. I would say by early into next year we should have a pretty strong idea of bare minimum plus what do we need to run the business which will create the operating model going into 2018.
Mark A. Douglas: Hey, Chris. It's Mark. I'll take the R&D piece and then I think Pierre is going to take the procurement piece. On the AI, obviously, we have strong research capabilities with the DuPont acquisition, and we've already had our first initial set of meetings. What we're going to be looking at going forward is in excess to what we have today, we're looking at what pests, what crops are going to be our focus in the future. If you look at our portfolio today, you can see we obviously now have a very strong insecticide portfolio. We have a very balanced herbicide portfolio. Where I feel we're behind the market is in the area of fungicides. So that's going to be an area of attention where we're going to be looking for hits coming out of basic discovery to help broaden that portfolio of fungicides. In addition, the area of nematicides also springs to mind, very much allied to our insecticide work but an area of focus that we'll also go for. So I think you can see that the fungicides space is something that we really want to boost going forward.
Mark A. Douglas: Well, since we've only had it for a few days, Chris, that's a deep question. I would say if you look at the spread of where the products are, obviously Asia is an area of focus for us. The business itself has a superb route-to-market in India, which is one of the fastest-growing markets in the world. So, I think you can expect us to see – make more headways in India. Obviously, on rice, Rynaxypyr is a big product. But I also feel Cyazypyr on the more niche crops, the fruit and vegetables area in Asia will also be a benefit to us as well.
Mark A. Douglas: Sure, Frank. Let me just give you a bit of color around what we're watching out for. I mean, clearly, when we run from EBITDA down to free cash flow, the two big areas I tend to keep my eye out for are number one, clearly, working capital movements, and in our business historically, it has been a Brazil issue. As Pierre just mentioned, the acquired business really is not a large Brazilian business. And so we do not see a big headwind from what I'll loosely call rebuilding receivables in Brazil. As you'll recall, the terms of the transaction were that we do not receive any receivables from this business, so there will certainly be a rebuild. And I would expect that almost all the sales that you see happen in the last two months of this year will run through (33:46) Latin America, run through in an increased receivables balance. Offsetting that though, we continue to make very, very positive progress in Brazil with the legacy Ag business. You've seen some of the data we've put down here. We continue to reduce the capital tied up in that business, and I expect that trend to continue through 2018. When we look at the rest of the business, clearly, the single biggest factor that we will then be looking at will be capital spending. The business we acquired from DuPont is a little more capital intensive than our business, but it is still not hugely capital extensive. The Lithium business, we've made statements about $250 million to $300 million of investment in Argentina alone. Most of that will take a couple of years to spend. So again, while we'd expect capital spending to be higher in 2018, I certainly would not expect it to be a huge swing on that data, so I expect that we will have a pretty strongly cash-generative year next year. It's a little early to put specific numbers on it, but I certainly don't see anything that doesn't encourage me that we would expect to see significant cash generation in 2018 across the business.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, Mike. The portfolio itself, the pipeline is absolutely on track to where we've communicated in past quarters. One of the first molecules that comes to market is bixafen. That will hit in the second half of 2018 in North America. So it will have some impact but it will be somewhat muted. Then, we have the rest of the range coming through really in the 2019, 2020, 2021 timeframe. But everything is on track exactly as we said before, so we feel really good about that part of the pipeline. Obviously, as you know, the DuPont pipeline is much more early stage and it comes in anywhere from mid-decade to end of next decade, but we're well suited across the whole portfolio right now.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. No, nothing really else apart from the weather impacts that we saw earlier on the year. And then obviously, as we're going through the rest of the year, we alluded to it in the script here from Pierre that France is the last country that we're changing the distribution channel from the Cheminova acquisition. So where we would normally be selling in Q3 and Q4 into that distribution channel, we're not selling right now because we'll be doing that directly ourselves as we go into the season in the first part of next year. So that has a somewhat meaningful impact. But apart from the weather impacts which have been pretty severe depending on the north and the south, there's been no other fundamental issues in the business.
Mark A. Douglas: No. We're seeing exactly the same trend. Pre-emergents are doing well and there's a lot of changes in the herbicide market in North America but our pre-emergent Authority brands are a market leader and continue to do very well and orders are strong.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. Brett, we've said in the past that obviously we have more of a niche focus, a niche crop focus. When you look at our mix, we're somewhat more heavy in some of the niche crops such as cotton and sugarcane, less so in corn, and then all the various tree fruits and vegetables. I think with the acquired portfolio, obviously, that expands Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr big on niche crops. Going forward, I think on the fungicides, if we can go into that space, we will focus on niche crops. But also Asia soybean rust down in Latin America is a major, major issue. If we can develop products into that space, we will be happy to do so, and that would give us more of exposure in soy in Brazil. But outside of that, it's going to very much depend on the types of products that come out with regards to the crop focus.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. Just to clarify, what I said was, from an R&D perspective, from discovery, we would obviously like to expand our fungicide and nematicide, that's much more longer term given that it takes 10 to 12 years to bring a product to market. Our near-term focus will be continuous across the niche crops and then bringing products that are differentiated to any of the row crops whether it's soy or corn. Obviously, with the acquisition, we have a much broader portfolio for cereals now, so we're going to be looking at potential growth opportunities there with the strong portfolio that we have.
Mark A. Douglas: No. I don't think any more than normal having – Brazil is a very competitive marketplace. We're used to operating there. You will remember we jettisoned a lot of our generic third party products a couple of years – over the last couple of years. So we've really been focused on more of our proprietary portfolio. Doing very well in sugar cane, insecticides, specialty insecticides for the soy area are doing well. Obviously, cotton is strong. So we're not big there but it's no worse than it normally is in my opinion.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yeah. It's a good question. What we're seeing, and it's very significant in China and then we're seeing it around the world with OEMs, is the ramp-up of the higher nickel cathode material capacity. So it is definitely accelerating, and we're already having discussions around 2019, 2020 volumes and contract discussions are getting longer, not shorter.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yes. So again, similar to the carbonate comment that Pierre made, the 12,000 to get us to 30,000 total is a minimum, and we're ready to progress more than that, if need be. And the next units are going to go at both of the existing sites we're operating today to get the benefits of the infrastructure there.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yeah. So again, this is Tom. Thanks, Dmitry. We expect to come in between 18,000 and 19,000 tons of LCE production this year. We will be over 20,000 next year and up to 22,000 run rate by the end of next year. That's before any expansions. We may get a little bit more than that. Overall, in terms of the strategy, you have to realize we're trying to stay long carbonate. Some years will be a little bit longer than others. We don't yet see a year where we're going to be short carbonate, but we don't have as much to offer to the market as some do. In 2019 also, we'll have the Nemaska volume begin to come to us for conversion as well, and then we'll have the expansions coming in as well.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yeah. So lithium is a pretty segmented market especially outside of energy storage so you need to look at case by case. In general, prices will go up. We expect prices to go up next year across the board. You do have some regional markets and then you have some different dynamics between the regions. (44:28) is that way to some extent, but across the board, we expect to see price increases.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Hey, Joel. This is Tom. Thanks for the question. I would expect it to be a little bit more than half price and a little bit less than half on volume. We're still early in the price discussion, so we may be able to get a little bit more than that. But it's hard to relay that to you right now.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yeah. This is Tom. I'd say that it's a muted risk. We've got defined pricing and most of the volumes already under contract, so there's still some discussion as to the actual 2018 price within a defined range. But I don't think we carry a lot of risk there.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: Yeah. Hi. This is Tom. So starting with the question. The customer qualifications went extraordinarily well. Traditionally in these markets, it's 9 to 12 months. I've seen even multiple year of qualification processes. We are qualified across our customer base. There's a few still in the process but it relies on customer processes. So there's no concern. We're qualified for the sales that we have forecasted. And in terms of the pricing, it's relatively minor impact Q3 to Q4 the way that the mixes go, it's relatively minor on price, mostly volume Q3 to Q4.
Thomas Schneberger - FMC Corp.: So earlier I had indicated we expect more than half of the benefit going into 2018 to be price and we just started those conversations. So it could be a little bit better.
