Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. Let me now share with you our outlook for the full year 2013. We expect to deliver full year adjusted earnings of $3.81 to $4.01 per diluted share, a 12% increase at the midpoint of this range. Our Agricultural Products segment is expected to achieve its 10th consecutive year of record earnings in 2013, with segment earnings to increase in the mid-teens percent. Increased volumes in all regions due to strong market conditions, growth in new and recently introduced products, a direct market access initiative in Asia and Latin America, and sales from new fungicide products will be partially offset by the continued investment in targeted growth initiative. Agricultural Products' results are expected to show pronounced strength in the early and latter part of the year due to a large participation in Latin America. In Specialty Chemicals, segment earnings are expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent. Our BioPolymer business will benefit from capacity increases, while we will continue to focus on improving operating performance in Lithium. In Industrial Chemicals, we anticipate flat segment earnings for the full year. Domestic soda ash prices will increase in the low- to mid-single-digit-dollar [indiscernible] versus the prior year. Soda ash prices in Asia are expected to continue to soften into the first quarter and then begin sequential improvement through the remainder of the year. The net result of domestic and export pricing actions for soda ash should be a flat to slightly down global average price year-over-year. We also expect to begin seeing the benefits of our manufacturing actions initiative during 2013. Overall, the expected recovery in soda ash pricing and the seasonality of the Agricultural Products business will drive the quarterly performance of the company with strong year-on-year growth in the third and fourth quarter, and a weaker second quarter. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect adjusted earnings of $1.02 to $1.12 per diluted share, a 10% increase versus the prior year at midpoint of this range. In Agricultural Products, we expect segment earnings to be up approximately 20%, reflecting anticipated strong early season demand in North America and a strong finish to the Latin America season. Specialty Chemicals segment earnings are projected to be up in the high-single digit on a percentage basis. BioPolymer is expected to continue its steady solid performance. Lithium is expected to show little improvement versus the prior year as we continue to improve operations in Argentina and reduce our purchases of third-party sourced intermediate materials. And in our Industrial Chemicals, we expect first quarter segment earnings to be down in excess of 20%, principally due to lower soda ash export pricing. Before taking your questions, I would like to include in this report my latest thoughts in light of the reports which were issued post-earnings release, from some questions which were asked. First, let me reaffirm a few things. We are not retracting from any of the statements we made in early December at FMC Investor Day. The company has never been as strong and is getting stronger. Ag is firing on all cylinders and even getting stronger, with new product lines which continue to amaze me. In BioPolymer, as we invest in new product lines through acquisition, new technology and new MCC capacity, this business is going to take advantage of these to demonstrate growth throughout the year, while still investing in capacity for future growth in Asia. Demand for new product is strong. Environmental solutions is on a solid growth track, even if the impact on earnings is still small. Peroxygens is now stable following the restructuring of the zeolite business. The only 2 elements which have changed since our Investor Day are timing issues. We were expecting soda ash export pricing to strengthen in the first quarter. All the data we have in our hands indicate that export pricing will turn around. But we now believe that it will be later in the second quarter. We finally understand the Lithium production issue. The process was clearly damaged during the expansion and prevented us to even operate at pre-expansion levels. We believe that we have a process fix, which will be implemented in 2 steps. Step 1 happened last week. The difference between an EPS guidance centered around 4 and the current one at 3.91 is only timing, no other fundamental change in the businesses. 2013 is a key year on the way to delivering our Vision 2015 target, as we're expecting, following the strong first quarter, to see every single business operating at its full potential at some point in the second half of the year and see FMC deliver the fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. With that, I thank you for your time and attention, and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, John, first, the numbers we are talking about are x charge. And just I want to refer back to my last point. Where we are in Lithium today, and you know it's been a struggle, yes, we had the weather issue at the beginning of the year. But I think most importantly, we now realize that the process, the manufacturing process itself was clearly damaged during the expansion. And the damage was significant to the point that we do have to redefine the manufacturing process. We are implementing those changes, which are requiring changing equipment process and stop of the plant at multiple times. So we are going to have a poor quarter from a manufacturing standpoint in Argentina, which is the beginning of a process because from the brine is what we are doing, producing the chloride and carbonate and then the other derivatives. So that's where we are. Second quarter will see real improvements, real challenging. And I think it's in the second half of the year with the process change we do have in place right now. I mean we have remedies. We have engineering firms and our own engineering staff working on it. It's going to take into the third quarter to see the full production rate.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Couple of things we are doing. We had a plant and you know we have been, in the past, highly focused on pushing product out of the door. We believe that we have significant ways there to improve our process, to improve our control and streamline the plant. So what we are doing is without losing in terms of capacity, we are implementing changes, which are fairly significant in the plant, which will allow us to reduce staffing and cost.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think one of the situation we very often experience with the strength of the Latin America business is first, as Mark said, we were not very much impacted directly in North America. But in addition, drought conditions at time would keep competitive price high, creating increase in planting acreage in other regions of the world like Latin America. And it was the case, as you saw, the increase in soybean planting. So it also created a very positive performance for us in Latin America. So all in all, by the nature of our product and the strength in Latin America, we were not impacted negatively by the weather condition in the world.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, we are still, right now, changing the process conditions we have. We believe we will get -- we are going to keep on ramping up. So a lot of fixing of the process according to a protocol we have defined is going to take place in the first 2 quarters of the year. We believe we will be successful, and that's when we will see significant ramp-up of manufacturing. So we believe we will get past pre-expansion capacity to go toward a capacity closer to what was expected post-expansion. But it's going to be happening, ramping up during the second half of the year. Will we get to that point in the third quarter or beginning of the fourth, we don't know yet. We have to wait another, I would say, 60 days to see how the 2-step process improvement we are putting is progressing. But our objective is and remains to reach capacity which are post-expansion capacity.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. I think, Frank, I would say the 2 biggest category for us in terms of capital investments, first is the MCC plant which we are building in Thailand. This plant will be starting up in 2014. So we will start to see sales from that plant in 2014. And the other big demand for growth capital is in the Ag business. That is capital money, which will be used to increase our capacity in place like Latin America, but also capital money used to increase capacity at all of our total manufacturing in Asia. So those 2 are a very big chunk of the growth capacity. And we usually have a maintenance capacity, which is around depreciation, which is about $130 million.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Okay. Thank you, Peter. I mean, let me divide that in 2 categories. First, there is the work which was done initially by Mark when he joined the company, which was mostly focused around procurement. That work is well on its way. We are passing the $60 million saving. We have an $80 million saving target for 2015, and today, we are looking at over $100 million saving from procurement. So this program is well in place, and we have restated the target will be above the $60 million this year and we're on our way to $100 million in a couple of years. The Manufacturing Excellence program is really following the pilot plant taking off this year. We are targeting 2 places initially. One is -- I remember for Manufacturing Excellence, we talked about 10% capacity increase and 5% manufacturing cost decrease. The first 2 area we are targeting, our soda ash plant in Wyoming and our manufacturing site in North Carolina for lithium. When I talked about staffing reduction without losing manufacturing capacity, that's what we're implementing and for which we are taking the charge. And if you look at the performance of our soda ash and Industrial Chemicals business, despite the pricing situation, we're going to have a strong year this year. So it is because we're capable of moving more volumes through manufacturing soon at lower cost versus what we did before. So the program is well in place and it's going to be a process by which we're going to be rotating. So focus on Lithium and our Alkali business this year, and we'll decide what is the next series of plant which will be seeing Manufacturing Excellence program.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, Peter, I think we are prudent and we are prudent because there is things we truly don't know yet. Clearly, if the soda ash pricing ramps up faster than what we are seeing today, and it's not impossible the Chinese industry is strengthening, we are very convinced that we're going to see a turnaround of pricing. Now it is very hard to know. If you ask me if I feel very good about soda ash pricing in the next 4 or 5 quarters, I would say yes. How it is going to unfold in the next 2 quarters is more of a question, because plus or minus a quarter, as you know, will make a difference on the year. So this one, we do not know. Could it be stronger? Absolutely, it could be stronger. Lithium, we finally believe we do have some fix for the issues and we finally understood exactly what was the problem. We had to put lots of resource, including external resource. Could we see a better result in terms of production from our step 1 and then step 2 changes? We could. This one, I would be careful because it's really a process technology, and we want to do that not to make the same mistake we made last year to try to rush the plant back to production. Ag is an incredible business. I'm starting to get used to those numbers, but it still amazes me how fast we can grow and how many surprise we have. And it's not by luck. We have an incredible, incredible product line coming up. And when you look at how much we are growing in places where there is resistance to other product, it is not by luck. It's been studied, it's been developed and the pipeline is rich. So if you have a season in Latin America, which grew a little bit our way from a weather standpoint, with the product we have and the structure we have, could be it stronger than we have in the fourth quarter? Absolutely. We don't know. It's hard for us to predict that. So when I look, the only place where I want to be careful because this time, we're going to go step-by-step, is in Lithium. We want this plant to be viable for the long run. We are not going to make the same mistake we made last year, to rush through the year, the turnaround. The other 2, could we have a positive surprise in Ag and could we have a positive surprise in soda ash? Absolutely. Do we know it if it's the case? I cannot say today. We know we hope at the next call, it will be much closer to tell you what will be happening, especially around soda ash.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We cannot be blamed for the capacity increase those days, so I'm going to let Michael talk about pricing.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes, I think, we are looking at a current CapEx in the $350 million for the next 3, 4 years. And yes, we do expect -- our top line has been growing somewhere between 10% and 15% over the last 3, 4 years, and that's the kind of top line growth we are expecting to be at throughout the next 3, 4 years. The capital spending we are currently undertaking is here to sustain the type of growth we have been facing. If you look, for example, the BioPolymer business has been highly limited in its growth rate in MCC because of a lack of capacity. That's why all of the capital spending, the demand is very strong. So if we want to keep on growing that product line, which is growing in the 20% range, we need new capacity.
Pierre R. Brondeau: If you look, overall, as a company, most of the capital spending we are looking into has a return above 18%. The company this year had a return as a whole of 22%, and we do expect to stay in this high numbers between now and the next 2, 3 years.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, we -- Mike, we decided to stop the potash project. We believe the current conditions for potash, where we are in our project in Argentina, and some possibilities we will have to reuse ponds and equipment for lithium facility, and the focus we want to have on our Lithium operation, it made sense for us to stop the potash project and not continue. So today, as we stand today, we are not planning any longer to develop a business in -- a potash business to complement our Lithium business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So what we are looking, I mean, if you look the BioPolymer business, it's a very key business for us. We've done a lot in terms of increasing capacity. Remember, we increased capacity in Europe, in the U.S., building a plant in Asia. We made multiple acquisitions, 2 in natural colors, 1 in pectin. This is going to start to really pay off and show a growth rate for this business which will be healthy. We believe it's a business which can sustain a high-single-digit top line growth, and we believe that it's a business where we will see a stable to improving margin. So right now, I believe 2013 and going forward should start to demonstrate our ability to bring even faster, this business, which has been doing well, and leveraging that in significant earnings growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you very much. And FMC delivered another solid year in 2012 with sales up 11% and operating profit up 16%. Return on invested capital remains very high at 22.9%. We generated a total shareholder return of 37% for 2012 as the market rewarded the steady earnings growth and clear strategy. For 2013, as we said before, we're taking a careful, prudent approach in reviewing the company's potential performance, recognizing that several variables could impact our results, the timing of recovery in soda ash export pricing, the speed at which we continue to improve the performance of our Lithium business and just how strong the Latin America Ag markets will be in the latter portion of the year. That said, I am very confident in our ability to deliver another record year of performance in 2013, and that we are firmly on track to meet or exceed all of our Vision 2015 targets as we described to you in detail at our December Investor Day. I would like to thank you very much for joining us. Thank you.
Edward T. Flynn: John, there have been some -- which always happens at this time of the year, closures going to -- because of the Chinese New Year. And then what happens is some of those plants don't come back up after the Chinese New Year. The other sign that we're seeing is that it is being reported that the Chinese will not quote quarterly pricing, which is, as you would know that if they're not going to quote quarterly pricing, that's because they think pricing is at the bottom and they expect it to come back up. So we're kind of looking at what their competitor behavior is.
Edward T. Flynn: Yes, Kevin. As prices dropped in Asia, we saw a little bit of pressure in Latin America in '12. And as you know, most of what we do down at Latin America is contracted. So we saw a little price pressure, but we should not see a lot of movement for the rest of 2013.
Edward T. Flynn: Sure, Frank. If you recall, in the beginning of '12, there were a lot of solar glass plant closures. I believe Nippon Sheet Glass closed a plant and I believe Asahi might have closed one as well. So domestic demand, when you look at the USGS stats for the first half of 2012, was down somewhere in the neighborhood of about 8%. In the second half, we saw some increase in demand, but it was not enough to overtake the poor demand in the first half of the year. Now where the increase is coming, and we see them continuing in 2013, but auto glass is up and you see, when you look at the statistics, autos are up year-over-year. Housing is up, and we're also looking at the Architectural Billings Index has given us a positive sign that we do think we'll see some flat glass growth. And in addition, we're seeing -- we just saw that Asahi announced that they are going to restart a float line that they had idled in Tennessee. So the signs are positive for domestic growth.
Mark A. Douglas: First quarter. Eugene, when you look at what we've got going forward, we've indicated a 20% growth. That is all predicated on volume. We have early season demand in North America that we believe is going to be strong and we're looking for a strong finish to the Latin American season. So it's predominantly volume-driven.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, we did in North America, because a lot of our products are sold early-season and there was significant insect pressure in the third quarter, we had a very good year in North America. Predicting the weather is, as you know, very difficult. But if we have a normal season, we should be looking at, in North America, high-single-digits growth in terms of our participation in the market. In Europe, acreage will be pretty flat. I would expect the market to be much flatter in Asia with much lower growth.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, we -- on new product introductions, we tend to look at it longer term given the way the products flow, but it is significant. We have roughly, today, as our portfolio of products that are introduced over the last 5 years, roughly 25% of our total new products impact that revenue. That should increase towards 30% in terms of 2015 number. So you can see we're ramping up our products as we look at Latin America, North America and Asia.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. I think it's pretty straightforward. It's the Agricultural Products segment, at the end of the year, building inventory really across both Latin America and North America. I'm not quite sure it's quite double, as you describe. It is certainly ahead of what we expected when we gave guidance earlier, but it is all material to be sold into the markets that we see today. This is not speculative inventory building. This is, given our supply chain in that business, building inventory to meet demand.
Paul W. Graves: It really is almost entirely an Ag build and it is intentional, so which is again, [indiscernible] this is not -- you shouldn't read into this that this is anything other than what we think is the right decision for the Ag business.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. Like I said, the pension contributions, the environment, as you know, is a tough one for pension contributions, and we continue to assess what is the right place to be. We would expect the pressures on pensions, given where interest rates are and given some of the rules around pension contributions, to continue in 2013 and hopefully ease beyond that. But we would expect similar sort of expectations as to what we're going to need to fund into the pension contributions sitting here today with operating markets and interest rates to be pretty similar in '13 as they were in '12.
D. Michael Wilson: Neal, this is Michael Wilson. And I think with regard to pricing, we still can see pricing moving upward in Lithium overall. But you're probably talking about across the industry, prices moving up mid-single digits, which would be a bit slower pace than we certainly saw in 2012.
D. Michael Wilson: Well, we are focused that we've talked about over the last couple of years of really strategically placing our volume into the higher-value, higher-growth segments. So for us, that's the energy markets, particularly for secondary batteries, and then also in the polymer and synthesis market, so the organolithium. So we will continue that focus. I don't know that, that focus is going to be substantially different in '13 than it was in '12, so I don't see a big shift driving a different result.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, this is Michael again. In terms of growth expectations for Lithium, again, as we look at the period between now and 2020 for the industry overall, we still see a compound annual growth rate of roughly 10%, slightly lower in the period between now and 2015, and then accelerating after that. We had reevaluated our growth expectations for the transportation industry in 2012, and had talked about roughly a 4% penetration of EV vehicles really of all types, EVs, HEVs, PHEVs in the transportation sector by 2020. We still believe that, that number is roughly the case. That makes us probably a bit more conservative than a lot of other folks. But overall, even at that rate, the transportation segment then would be projected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of about 33% between now and 2020. So the number you have is approximate to where we are.
