Mark A. Douglas: Yes. The -- what I would add to that, Pierre, is -- and John, Latin America was very, very strong for us, Brazil, in particular. Although I have to say Argentina was growing nicely, so was Mexico and another parts of the Andean Region. But overall, we had greater market penetration in Brazil than we expected in soy, both with insecticides and fungicides. And also, our market access through co-ops and distribution is starting to climb as we've invested more in that area. So yes, Q4 was exceptionally strong growth at 38%, but most of it was driven by Latin America.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, probably a little bit more than that. There is a number of discussions going on. Plus, I would add the fact that we -- with Christian Hansen and our alliance partner for biologicals, we have a lot of investment there that doesn't show up as M&A but is bringing new technology to market.
Mark A. Douglas: Thanks, Pierre. Mike, most of the growth, as you know, comes from what we call organic growth, which is moving into the new crops or expanding into crops. We focused in Latin America or in Brazil, and we talked about the soy area where we're expanding our fungicide activities, as well as insecticide. We're seeing growth in soy with herbicides in Argentina. In North America, our full suite of resistance products, whether they be post-emergent selective herbicides or products for corn rootworm, they're all growing nicely. In Asia, it's more geographic growth as we expand Indonesia, India, Thailand, China. So it's a large agglomeration of market growth and geographic growth. And then on top of that, we're bringing the new products to market. We've said in the past that we have a 2015 target of something like 30-plus percent of our revenue will be from products introduced over the last 5 years. We're currently in the 25% to 27% range for 2014, so that pipeline continues to deliver the short-term growth that we need. But as Pierre was just alluding to, we've got a lot in the pipeline that comes towards the end of the decade. And over this year, I'll be opening up a little bit more about what's in that pipeline so we can give you a flavor for how that longer-term innovation is paying off.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Mike. It is difficult to sort of segment where the growth is coming from in terms of acquired versus organic. But just to give you a flavor for it, our fungicide business is growing rapidly and most of that business comes from the products we've acquired over the last few years. So when I look at the overall portfolio, we've stated a number of times that we want to grow our fungicide activities. We're indeed doing that. The growth rates are high, the base is low but it's all coming from the acquired products that we've taken over the last few years. You'll see that change as we look at herbicides in more detail and we look at insecticides in more detail. Over the next 5 to 10 years, I would expect products that we're acquiring today that come to market to be the vanguard of where our growth comes from. But right now, it's primarily focused in the fungicide area.
Mark A. Douglas: Yes, Mike. We've not actually disclosed the benefit totally. It's impactful to our European business, but we would expect to see our first sales of bifenthrin back into the European market in the 2015 season.
Mark A. Douglas: This is Mark. No, I don't think you are going to see that. Our expectation is that we'd continue to see an expansion in the soy acreage down in Latin America, especially Brazil. But also, you'll probably see the same thing out of Argentina. So you've got to remember that -- I know prices have come off their peaks, but they're still well above historical averages. So growers down in Latin America are more than prepared to plant extra acres of soybean, and they're extremely competitive on the world market.
Mark A. Douglas: Well, let me take the pricing piece first. Most of our growth, the vast majority of it, comes from volume. Pricing, we tend to move prices when we have raw material pressure in certain segments, but it's not a feature of our overall growth in any of our markets, although it's there every year in the low-single digits percent. In terms of the markets in North America for us, we see a lot of demand for our selective herbicide and corn rootworm resistants. We expect demand in the first quarter to be strong in that area, and we have been producing materials to meet that demand. So for us, the chain is adequately stocked. We expect to continue to take share and to grow into acres that we've not been in before. So rather positive in those areas for us.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And one last little comment, when you look at year-on-year comparison, John, Q1-to-Q1, remember, last year Q1 was especially strong quarter in North America. So we are comparing it to tough year-over-year comparison.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So if you look at our pricing, let me give you the pricing as we look at it for 2014 in term of domestic and in term of export pricing. That will give you a better color. So we are looking, today, average pricing '14 versus '13, we believe the price is going to be modestly up by a couple dollars per ton for the domestic pricing. Today, what we have in current contract for export pricing is in the mid-single-digit dollars, average price 2013 to average price 2014. So if you bring those 2 together, we are looking at pricing, we're expecting pricing, to go up only by a few dollars per ton, which is what we have in the contract. Now contracts are usually short term in Asia, 3 months contract; midterm to a year in Latin America, 6 months to a year; and 1 year in North America. So we are very conservative. Let me give you another element in term of pricing, to get a sense for the way we are looking at it in the guidance. And our biggest question, as we say and repeating ourselves, we believe pricing will strengthen in the next 8 quarters. We've been disappointed over the last 2 quarters, in Q3 and Q4, by the speed at which it was happening. So the magnitude is less a question than the speed. So what we are saying is we are just saying that, essentially, pricing will barely move right now from Q1 to Q4. But if you look at last year, when -- which was a year without very rapid growth, the price was evolving. In 2013, price was up almost 20% between the realized price in Q1 and the realized price in Q4. We are not forecasting that just because we don't have enough visibility, but I'll give you an example of what happened last year and the way we are -- the numbers we are putting in the outlook right now.
Pierre R. Brondeau: That is correct. We would believe $300 million to $350 million is what we can see for the next few years.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No. Usually, we always look ag as normal season. And as always, ag, you could be up or down because of weather. But usually, what is happening is there is not great weather all over the world or bad weather all over the world. And because we are very global, it usually balances out. So we are not taking any safety by planning bad weather nor have we included specifically good weather for -- pretty much a normal year. And as you've seen the forecasting we have of the mid-teens EBIT increases is a pretty normal number for us. We've been operating at, say, between 13% and 20% earnings growth year-on-year for the last 5 to 10 years.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Usually, we move the longwall every 14 months -- 13, 14 months. So most of the time, it falls in the same quarter and sometimes it goes in the following quarter, which was the case this year. The cost of a longwall move is usually a negative, around $4 million. That's what it cost. In the quarter, the cost is in the quarter when we make the move -- we do the move, Frank.
Pierre R. Brondeau: We've not gone into the detail and it's sometimes been pretty hard to quantify. I mean, you can look at the added costs at the plant itself, which is sub-$1 million, but then there is the implication to the fact that this plant is feeding products into other plants we have elsewhere where we're making blends. So that's where the ramification -- disruption of the supply chain was bigger for us.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So to summarize the answer to your question is we're going to take a break on M&A for the next 12 months until Mike and his team have demonstrated there what they can do with the acquisition of natural colors and finish the integration of Epax. And we're going to remain very active on the ag front but with acquisition which will impact beyond 2016, '17, much more than the 2015 numbers.
Pierre R. Brondeau: And one thing we're going to do -- I just want to build on what Mark just finished. I think we've been demonstrating, and I think you guys would agree because we are challenged less and less on that, and we have a very viable business model which is scalable. What is going to be our intent this year is to have much more of a focus on the technology driver for our growth. I can tell you that I am personally extremely excited by the portfolio short, mid and long term, which has been built for chemicals and, hopefully, very soon, for biologicals. So we're going to start to think about how to bring clarity to the quality of our innovation because it's been driving our performance in addition to our customer relation. And if anything, I think we're going to get stronger in the next 7, 8 years.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. I think I'm more optimistic than ever on Health and Nutrition, on Ag and Lithium. Lithium is going to have a big year. So I'm very comfortable. I'm quite, quite -- very comfortable, actually, on our operations for soda ash and our domestic pricing. I have to say that I was expecting to see in the fourth quarter, maybe at the end of the third quarter also, a more aggressive ramp-up of pricing. The supply/demand is balancing. You can see price increase in China. There is multiple signals, which are pointing toward price increase. The realization of those price increase is slower than what we are expecting. So I have to say we're a little bit surprised by the speed and that's why what we're saying is we are cautious around export pricing. That's the only place where I'm more cautious than I was in December. So what we decided to do, rather than betting on something without a strong logic, which we thought we had before and we've been proven to be wrong, is to tell you guys we are only putting in the numbers for 2014 what we have currently in the contract. Any further price increase will come as an upside, and we will be updating you very closely on how the pricing is evolving in the quarters to come. We keep on pushing pricing. There is some proof of success, but we're going to more report how we do rather than speculate on where it's going. So that's the only places, when we talked last, Mike, in December, where I'm being a bit more cautious. The rest, I'm even more bullish than I was a couple of months ago.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I'll remind you a number we've said in the past because, as Mark said, we do not disclose that. All we've said it's double-digit million dollars, and that's the number we've been saying, knowing that it's the -- it's on the low end of that scale.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Good question, Peter. The guy who is behind that is Barry Crawford, our VP of Operations, who is bringing a program of manufacturing excellence across the company. I think a very high focus has been made on our Lithium and our Alkali business. I do believe that Barry, together with Mike Smith, are starting to bring a great attention to our Health and Nutrition plan. So if I would expect further increase in capacity and reliability and lower cost today would be in -- the next wave of work will be toward the Health and Nutrition business, which -- it should show in the results.
Pierre R. Brondeau: See, I think the optimists in the organization -- but I don't think there is optimists and pessimists in the organization, we try to be factual. So what we are saying and thinking is today you take a price, an average export pricing, in the $110, $120 per ton, that's your average export pricing. And you take a domestic pricing, which is in the $150 to $160 per ton. As soon as there is balance of supply/demand, there is no reason in the global market, and especially with the high cost of the synthetic process in Europe and Asia, to have such a differential in pricing between the different regions. So the simple math -- and if you look back at 2012, those 2 curves in pricing were exactly on top of each other. So if you look at the differential and if you assume, looking at the tight supply/demand situation, that the only way those prices are going to merge together is by seeing the export price coming on top of the domestic price, you have a $40-plus per ton of upside. For us, it's close to $80 million in EBIT. The question is how fast will that happen? It's something we have a hard time answering.
Pierre R. Brondeau: No, no. Today, we are in a situation where the way the business is supplying into North America where we have a very balanced supply/demand and the pricing is very much in line with our customers' expectation. Prices are very stable in North America. Customers like stability. We like stability. So you don't have the ups and downs you could see and the risks going forward. So it's a very stable environment with a couple dollars-per-ton increase year after year. And I think everybody is quite happy with this stable situation's predictability. So there is not a significant pressure on those prices.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think we are still of the school of saying high single digit for the industries currently and maybe until 2015, when you would really start to see electric vehicles taking off. And that's when you can expect the growth to go more into 12%. But until you see a significant growth in the automotive industry for electric vehicles, you will stay in the high single digits.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Not a lot. I think it's also a fairly stable price. We don't have a lot of downward pressure, but we don't have a lot of room for price increase. I think the price is more driven by the type of application, the purity of the product, than it is by the supply/demand situation. So we see the situation supply/demand balance at a level where we should have pricing stability.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Sure. If you look at our Health and Nutrition segment, we are looking today at a mid-teens percent increase for the first quarter.
Pierre R. Brondeau: In Q4, there was nothing. Basically, with the delay of the Seals Sands plant, there was no Epax contribution, maybe slightly negative, but it was a non-event. That's mostly the differential between the 13% EBIT growth and the -- versus the forecast of 25% we had.
