Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. As you have heard, our Ag Solutions business faces a challenging market environment, but on the positive side, the issues we face are largely in Brazil and the impact of its currency. Ag Solutions performance in the current market environment reinforce the strength of FMC proprietary portfolio and technologies. We will continue to invest in our technology pipeline and in the value we bring to growers. Our Health and Nutrition and Lithium business will deliver solid performance this year and are positioned for a strong 2016. We are taking aggressive actions to protect our 2015 financial performance and position FMC to deliver earnings growth next year, in what we expect will continue to be a challenging ag market. We are very confident that the lower cost of operating post restructuring, our focus on the technical differentiated parts of FMC portfolio, the improved regional balance and our unique asset-light manufacturing model will position FMC Ag Solutions for a strong growth as soon as the market starts to turn. I want to thank you for your attention. And with this, I am going to turn the call back to the operator for questions. Operator, please.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Price increase in Brazil is very much a factor of weather diary. So what we are saying is, if the real versus dollar is in a stable situation, we will, over time, recover a very large part of what we have lost in currency. Now, our ability to do it will go anywhere from six months to a year-and-a-half, two years, depending upon the market channel and the demand. What we have visibility for right now is the fourth quarter. So we believe in a stable currency environment, what we just said is, we'll recover about 40% of the currency impact in the fourth quarter. That's what we have put into the fourth quarter forecast and we believe it's highly achievable. The question mark for us and the most interesting conversation we will have in February, when we announce our Q4 results and forecast for 2016, is, is the real showing sign of stability where it is today and what is the market demand, because that's when the opportunity comes to increase price without suffering the negative impact of currency. So right now, focused on fourth quarter, we will recover about 40% and then filling up the gap will depend upon the stability we'll see in the real.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. It is a very important question. The work we did was really to preserve the ability of Brazil to grow and to grow earnings. So the way we did it, we didn't go at it by cutting costs and that's it. As you can see, our Brazil organization has evolved over the last two years into an organization which has used maybe a bit too much its position of strength with customers to increase sales in more generic product. Now, in normal times, with the real at that time pretty strong, it made more sense. We were making some profit out of it, but I can tell you, in a situation like the one we have today, the terms which are given to farmers, the weakness in the real do not allow us to have those kind of sales because they do not bring any profit to the company once all of the costs are removed, including the cost of hedging. So what we did? The first step we did was to remove sales, and we say, this year it's going to be about $250 million, to remove sales we had which were not profitable. Once you adjust to a size, where you pretty much have a country reaching sales about 60% of what it was before, then you can adjust your technical sales and, most importantly, support functions to serve a business, which is smaller but having the same type of profit and much higher margin. So that's the way we did it. We believe, we protected through this process our technology group, our research group, our technical sales but really eliminated all of the non-profitable sales and used that to reduce organization. We believe that we will be at least as capable of organization to benefit from growth in Brazil than we were before, if not better.
Pierre R. Brondeau: All right, Frank, let me take your question on the cost to realize the synergy. The cost to realize the total $140 million to $160 million of synergy, which of course, includes all of the costs for the integration of Cheminova consulting costs. So it's not the cost which is only associated to the incremental part. The total costs for the $140 million to $160 million will be in the range of $120 million to $130 million. We have, of that cost, about $65 million were spent so far in the process. And most of the rest of the spending will take place in 2016 and a very large part in the first half of 2016.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So the change we are making really is a very sustainable change. So – of course, there is always inflationary cost, but those are not cost reduction, which are temporary holding back on hiring people. Those are fundamental change in our processes, the way we operate, benefiting from the synergies of Cheminova, so those are permanent change which are to remain. The spending has to remain at the same level when we go back on a top line growth.
Pierre R. Brondeau: The big tailwind – as you say, we released all of the numbers we see which we control and we feel very comfortable to deliver. Then, there is the question of growth synergies with Syngenta, we are very careful with – sorry, is it Syngenta – with Cheminova. We have a difficulty to really quantify that. We know it's happening, we know it's in line with our expectation. But the problem is when you are in a down market, to requantify growth synergies is always difficult. So there is growth synergies which we have not factored here. There is growth for a specific product where we have very strong market demand. And the last one which could be significant is price increase depending upon FX, but that's a difficult one to forecast, because if FX stays where it is today and there is a decent fourth quarter this year, which mean, even in the slightly down market, we will have opportunities to increase price in Brazil to recover the gap we have today. But if we continue to have a volatile real next year, we're going to be back in the situation which will be challenging. So, hopefully, by the time we get to the February call, we will know if we have full month or not of real stability and then we should be able to make a little bit better of a prediction around price. So it's a specific growth on the technical product, specific growth synergies with Cheminova and price would be a tailwind you could have in addition to what you see here.
Pierre R. Brondeau: So, Peter, the way we are looking at where we are today – and I have to say that it feels like we are right now at a position of stability going forward for the company. I think we have infrastructure in place, the integration is well advanced, the cost savings are coming as we are expecting. So the first step for us, beside delivering on Q4, is really to position FMC for earning growth regarding of the market demand in 2016. That's why we started to try to give a sense for the earnings driver we control, which we expect to participate in the earnings growth for the company next year. Your question is the right one in terms of the market demand. In the third quarter or when we are talking about the third quarter results, if we see a situation which starts to unlock in Brazil and Latin America, it will be the definitive signal that the turn of the market is going to take place in 2017. If it is the case, then we are in a strong position because, by that time, integration will be finished and our cost structure will be very, very solid, will be lean. Without losing potential for growth, our portfolio technically will be strong and we have new product coming from technology in 2017, 2018, and 2019. So – but that's when you are going to get your first signal. If we see a Q3-Q4 very challenging in Brazil and Latin America, then we'll have to understand where is the channel in other countries because then you've to have to worry that's going to be slow recovery in 2017. We are still thinking right now all the indicators are pointing toward a 2017 recovery, but you are correct that third quarter call next year will be – we should have a better indication.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Well, there is no questions that there is lots of talk which are going on in the industry, which will most likely lead to some sort of consolidation. I think everybody is talking to everybody and everybody is watching what everybody else is doing. So right now it's like playing chess, everybody is making a move and waiting. Lots of discussion are taking place. How this is going to unfold? I don't think many people know it. I don't even know if anybody know, but certainly there is discussion which will lead to some consolidation. Where FMC stands in such a situation? First of all, we believe we are a strong company which can strive no matter what is the results for the company, but we will be doing good for our shareholders. So, what is right for shareholders, what is right for employees and what is right for our customer is what we will do, but we know we have a strong responsibility to all the shareholders. All I can tell you is the only thing I can tell you for sure is we are not an active buyer of a large company. I don't think today it would be reasonable. We made our move, we've acquired Cheminova. We believe we have a strong geographical footprint and we don't have the balance sheet to make a major acquisition. So, for us, we are in the execution phase. Now, if two companies get together and there is antitrust issues and they have to drop, sell some product or technology which are of interest to us, absolutely, we will look into buying those technologies, if they fit our portfolio, but that's about the limit of our productivity in term of being on the acquiring side.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think if you look at the 20%, 25% reduction, it's a reduction about $215 million of sales for the business. There is two buckets to it – there is about – there is the third-party sales, which we walked away from in Brazil and that's about $120 million. And the rest are just volume we lost about $95 million across the world, which are much more linked to the market. If you look at the $44 million, I would say three quarters of that number is earnings loss, which are coming from the $95 million, more the market-driven losses, where maybe one fourth of the $10 million is linked to the $120 million of third-party sales we voluntarily walked away from. In general, most of the loss of sales took place in Latin America and mostly Brazil, overall, and especially because that's a place we've walked away from third-party. We also saw reduction of sales in other regions of the world. Channel inventories are pretty high in North America and in Europe. Remember, we also had the situation where we are going to direct model in Europe, so we're going to go. We have sales which are being moved from this year into next year. So overall, it's across the board. The big difference I'd say, which is very important is the sales loss outside of Brazil and Latin America are generating very little earnings loss. We believe our earnings are essentially flat outside of Brazil around the world. And then, for some reasons, we have much more leverage around large facilities, cost control in North America, in London, or in other places in Asia. So that's the overall picture.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Hi, Aleksey, this is Mark. The credit terms are not fundamentally different this year to any other year. You know very well, all the people that follow the ag space, that a lot of the terms are on crop terms and we currently have the same terms this year that we've had in the past.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Hi. Yeah. Don, it's Mark. I'll start with Brazil first. You've seen a lot in the press recently about channel inventories predominantly around insecticides and herbicides in Brazil. Insecticides due to weather and low pest pressure, so we see elevated channel there. In North America, it really depends on the types of products. Certainly, insecticides, we see higher channel inventories both for foliar and soil insecticides. We've had basically three years of very low pest pressure and so you could imagine, the channel inventories builds up there. For us, we had a very good year in North America with our pre herbicides, the Authority brands and we see normal to slightly higher channel inventories there. And then on fungicides, fungicides are pretty normal in North America.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Intacta has been in the market now – this is, I think, its third year. Obviously, the acreage is growing. It does impact the number of sprays for certain types of pests, and yes, we along with others are impacted there. But we have other products that take out the secondary pests. For instance, our TALISMAN insecticide is very good on stink bugs, which is a growing pest in soy area in Brazil. So we expect to see increase in usage of those types of products. So there are always pluses and minuses when you see these new traits introduced.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah. As you could see, we have reduced inventories. And what we are doing is we're taking advantage of the Cheminova acquisition to look at the combined businesses and understand the flow of materials. We are essentially reducing the channel inventories within our own supply chain. So we're not putting customer supply at risk and we're tending to shift products away from formulating ahead of the season to formulating at the latest possible time. So we're carrying less formulated inventory, but we're carrying active ingredient inventory, which allows us to reduce the total amount but still have flexibility at the customer level. So it's been successful so far. We have more programs in place. I can't actually, Frank, give you a number for the reduction, but you will see it go down as we head into 2016 and probably through the first half of the year.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah. We have – Frank, we have ongoing business in Argentina and essentially what we do is, we currently import fully formulated materials into the country. The Argentine government has changed some of the rules where it's a little more difficult to get fully formulated products in. So we are looking at a strategy in Argentina where we will import the active ingredients and then formulate in Argentina itself. That should allow us more flexibility in terms of taking advantage of the market down there. For us, that market is pre herbicides for soy, a big market for us. We use our Authority brands based upon sulfentrazone. Currently, today, we are in the $80 million to $100 million of revenue range. We see that growing despite a difficult market. So it's significant for us. Getting the import licenses has been frankly a bit of a pain over the last year or so, but eventually, that will free up because the growers down there do need the technology to get the highest yields for especially the raw crops of soybeans.
Mark A. Douglas - President: Yeah, Lawrence. This is Mark. We are obviously in negotiations now for the 2016 season in North America and this will be the first time we've had the portfolio of Cheminova to sell to the major distributors and co-ops. We are focusing on the fungicide portfolio that Cheminova brought to us. They have some excellent products there that we've not had access to. So they will be put into our programs and then there are some other herbicides that Cheminova brought that we will also be putting into the program. So early stages as we are today but as we've always said, we believe that one of the reasons for the acquisition to be strategic in North America was our access to the major co-ops and distribution. We are taking advantage of that and we will be selling those fungicides and herbicides through that channel.
