Mark Douglas: Thank you, Andrew. Before we open it up to Q&A, I want to remind everyone that we will be holding our Investor Day at our headquarters here in Philadelphia on Thursday, November the 16th. In addition to interacting with our executive team and leaders, attendees will be updated on our new strategy going forward. To close, it is very clear that the market is performing in a fundamentally different way than we had forecasted at the beginning of the year. We are adapting to control tightly what is critical at this time, namely lowering our inventories of raw materials and finished goods to match the short-term demand, managing our internal costs, while at the same time, investing in our R&D pipeline for the future and finally, focusing on selling our newly launched products, which add real value to our overall profitability, as well as new products we have coming in Q4, especially in Latin America for soy applications. While we have not seen this magnitude of volume change across multiple regions at the same time before, we have successfully managed through demand shocks in the past and have always emerged a stronger, more profitable business. I am confident this will happen again, especially as we have the benefit of good grow demand for our products around the world. I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. Well, first of all, you can tell by the comments we made, as we went through the quarter and especially from the end of May onwards, we really started to see a very aggressive deceleration of orders from around the world, basically. So any country that was in season was really reducing volumes. And this came, I think, through basically starting at the grower level. What we suspect now is that growers were holding inventory to levels that have not seen before. And let's be clear, it's not normal for growers to hold inventory. It's not something they usually spend their cash on. So, our analysis today says that growers were holding inventory. When retail went to sell to growers, growers basically said, "Well, we don't need anything right now" and of course, that starts to back up through a pretty complex supply chain until it comes to us. And we've seen this around the world. We've seen it through other players in the industry with their public announcements. You can tell that this is fundamentally a global reset of inventories. What we think happened over the last couple of years is that as supply disruptions made people nervous, obviously, inventory was being built through all these different nodes in the supply chain, and that has now been unwound. Now going forward, what do we expect? We do see that this phenomenon will continue in Q3, as we've said. And we're indicating we expect our own volumes to be down in that sort of low-teen range across the world. We expect that to continue through Q3. Our assumption is that this will evolve as the seasons evolve. So for instance, we do expect the growers in Latin America and South America, in particular, Brazil and Argentina, they will be placing orders, but they're going to be much closer to the planting season. That doesn't normally occur. We've talked about in the past that at this time of year, we have a certain percentage of orders on hand. That's not the same this year at all. We're expecting those orders to flow as we go through late Q3 and into Q4. Now that's in Latin America. We expect the North American season as people start to buy in Q4, the end of Q4 into the beginning of Q1, we'll start to see the same phenomenon. We won't see that in Europe until Q1 and into Q2 just because of the way the seasons flow. Asia is a little more balanced because we have both Northern and Southern Hemisphere. So it is going to be a case of we expect inventories to start normalizing as we go into Q4 and order patterns to start normalizing. And that will continue as we go through the first half of next year. I've never seen this before. I've been in this industry 12 years. I've seen pockets of this Brazil in 2015, which was a totally different circumstance, but still a reduction in volume. This is everywhere. I think we only had two or three countries in the world where we saw increased revenue year-on-year, everywhere else was down. So that tells you the magnitude of what we're dealing with.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, I think given the strength of the portfolio, and I just alluded to the fact that our products launched in the last five years were very robust in the quarter and have been so far this year. That's a lot to do with the type of products we're bringing that are differentiated. And with differentiation, you have the ability to hold price, which is what we're talking about now. Price in the second half of the year and in particular, into Q4, we pretty much already have in place the prices. Now it's a case of managing through the disruptions and the holding price as we go forward, which we're confident of doing. Given the size of the NPI sales today, to put it in perspective for you, in Q2, about 14% of our revenue came from products launched in the last five years. That was up from 10% in Q2 2022. So it continues to grow rapidly. And when you look at the full year, as we think about the new products rolling into Q4, that number gets up to about $720 million year-on-year versus about $620 million the year before. So almost a 20% increase. That's the heart of the Company today. It is the new products we're introducing, the value they bring. Now I did talk about new products in Q4 going forward. Very important in Latin America, we have two brand-new products that we're launching right now. One is an insecticide for soybeans; the other is a brand-new fungicide that is for soybeans, but will be traditionally launched on cotton first. Those are expected to be very valuable and large volume players as we go into Q4. So, it's not just price. It is the portfolio. We also talked about the diamides. Our branded sales of diamides performed well versus the rest of the portfolio. I think they declined something like high single digits versus our overall reduction of about 30%. That can't be said the same for our partners in the diamides, which are the people that we sell technical diamides to. We talked about these partners before. They have been doing the same thing as everybody else in the industry, which is drawing down their inventories, which impacts our sales to them. That will come back next year. We have no doubt about that. We've talked to them. They're just managing their inventory like we are. So I think you've seen a confluence of events that are playing out right now that will unwind as we go into 2024.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Chris, listen, I think you're going to see pockets of people overshooting on inventory reduction. It's such a big industry. There are many different nodes to these channels. You could tell that the industry's ability to forecast what was coming, as we went down this curve, it's probably the same as we come out of this curve. So I do expect to see places where inventory has been run down too much and will come back at a faster pace. There are other places where inventory was high and is being drawn down to what we would call more normal levels. So, it's going to be a combination of the two. It's -- as I said, it's such a large industry and complex supply chains that it would not surprise me to see that. I think you'll see it in North America just as much as you'll see it in anywhere else. I don't think North America is in any particularly different shape. I would say, Latin America, we expect to see the same phenomenon and certainly in Europe as well. We have seen public comments by major distributors in the U.S. about how they see their inventory levels reducing and how they expect to see that come back as we go through the next season. So overall, I think you're going to see probably both impacts. Some people will overshoot and some people won't.
Mark Douglas: Yes, sure. I mean, there's different methodologies for us to be able to have some insight into what is happening at the grower level. First of all is acreage that gets planted. Obviously, you're planting, you're using crop protection products. So, that's something that we look at around the world, and it's well recorded and many independent consultants look at that. The second is there are other independent sources that we put information in and the rest of the industry puts information in and then you get an aggregate output, which tells you what the market is doing. That's particularly strong in Brazil. It's particularly strong in the U.S., less so in Europe and less so in Asia. So, it's a couple of things. It's our understanding on the ground of what's getting planted and then what is being applied and then also third-party independent sources, which are available to everybody.
Mark Douglas: Well, a couple of things. So, first of all, when we talk about supply and technical grade diamides to our partners, think of us as essentially a raw material supplier. So, they're treating us as a raw material supplier, the same as we're treating our raw material suppliers. So, it's nothing more than that. It is a simple case of they obviously have demands on their inventories that they're having to reduce, and we are part of that. We do that to our own suppliers and are doing it right now. So, you see that. From a demand perspective, we don't think their demand is slowing down at all, neither is ours, as we just commented on. To the second part of your question with regards to competition in the U.S., we've seen competition for some time in many parts of the world with the diamides. What we do know is that our branded products and the new introductions that we're making of new formulations are moving the needle. In other words, we're not selling the same products that we were selling five years ago. We're selling more sophisticated, higher concentration formulations to our current customers. So, where generics are coming in with a certain type of product, we're not selling those products anymore. We're selling something completely different. So, it's very much a case of our product life cycle management that we've been going through and we've been talking about for the last five years, it is now bearing fruit in terms of how our product mix is changing for our branded diamides.
Mark Douglas: Yes, good question. I think your thesis is pretty close to how we think about it. I think going forward, listen, it's early August, it's almost impossible for us to think through to 2024 right now. We haven't even really started our budget process. But if I just take a step back and think about the fundamentals of the market that we're talking about, what do we see? We see soft commodities and grains at very good prices in the marketplace. Not quite at the peak they were about a year, 18 months ago, but not far off and certainly well above the long-term average for these products. You look at the stock-to-use ratios, stock-to-use ratios in many of the soft commodities have been trending down. Why? Because we've had yield issues around the world. As climate change really does impact agriculture, you could see what happened as we talked about in Latin America last year, unprecedented drought in South of Brazil and Argentina. We've had flooding in the north of India. We've got a dry Midwest right now in the U.S., heat in Europe. All those things contribute to a higher commodity price and lower yields. So, that's a good backdrop for somebody to sell into. So fundamentally, we know there is demand. We know we have to increase productivity by about 3% a year just to keep hunger at bay around the world. So I think the backdrop is solid. We see acreage increases anticipated, especially in Brazil and other parts of Latin America as we go into the next season. So for me, that on-the ground grower view of the world is positive. And right now, it's hard to see what would change that. So, it's a little early to say what our growth rates would be next year, but I am expecting a positive backdrop as we roll through 2024.
Mark Douglas: Yes. 2015, you've got to remember back to 2015, it seems a long time ago now, but that was a particular event in Brazil. It was both inventory, it's currency impact and it was, again, that scarcity of products leading into that. I think this is different in the sense of it's broader and it's happening much faster. In other words, the decreases we're seeing on a quarterly basis right now, they're much more extreme than they were before. I think the other thing for us, in particular, although there was a lot of people impacted by the Brazilian event, there was a new seed trait that was introduced into Brazil for soybeans, which impacted insecticides within a reasonably short time frame. That was a factor that it's certainly not at play today in any way, shape or form. So, I don't necessarily look back on Brazil as a proxy for what is happening today.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, I think we just commented on the fact, Adam, that the branded diamides that we're selling ourselves into the marketplace did much better than the overall portfolio. That's a subset of that new product introduction. In other words, we're introducing new branded diamides that are very differentiated. That's what the market is looking for. The market is looking for newer products that enable them to remove pest brake resistance, et cetera. I think the sales to our partners, that is used for a number of different applications, whether it's for seed treatment or whether it's portfolio applications. So they're going about their business in their own way in managing their inventory as they are. There's no indication, as I said earlier, that their volumes to the end users are falling off. It's more an inventory management perspective. But I do want to emphasize the fact that our own diamide sales, our own branded products are doing extremely well, especially the recently launched products.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I mean the new products are really targeted at Latin America. I'm not going to give the numbers for that because I don't want to give away any competitive information on how well we're doing. But we already have significant interest from our partners in the channel, whether it's distribution, co-ops or large growers for these new products. So, we're very excited about bringing those products to market. And so far, the interest that we've generated with our growers is very, very positive.
Mark Douglas: Yes. Listen, I just made a comment earlier about weather. I mean, we've had in the first half of the year, obviously, very difficult conditions in the south of Brazil and Argentina through drought. We're seeing dry conditions in the Midwest of the U.S., very dry conditions in the South of Europe as you go through Spain, France, Italy, Greece, Turkey. We also have seen flooding in China, flooding in the north of India, dryness in the south of India, dryness in Australia. I mean the list goes on and on. We're dealing with more weather volatility than we ever have over the last year. So those are the types of things that mother nature throws at us. And of course, mother nature doesn't care about the financial quarters that we have to deal with but that's something that we all have to manage as we play in the agricultural field. But it's certainly real. And in some countries, it's very, very impactful.
Mark Douglas: Listen, generics play a major role in the marketplace. They have been around and they are around. We don't necessarily play in a lot of those markets. It's not to say that the markets they play in are not valuable, they are. But we don't have a lot of generic pressure in a lot of our product lines, mainly because of how we differentiate through either new active ingredients or new formulations that we bring to market. So, I expect the generic market to get more competitive, but we don't play in that space.
Mark Douglas: Yes. This is a very good question. I mean, in November, we're going to give you a view of our world going forward for the next three years and then a longer-term aspiration. But we've been clicking along at a fair rate of 5% to 7% top line, 7% to 9% bottom line. We just did a look back and we've outgrown the market anywhere from 1.5 times to 2.5 times over the last 20 years. So we know we have a model and a portfolio that can deliver that type of growth. I do think thinking of this year as a reset is a good way to think about it, and then how do we bring the next generation of growth to the Company. I don't see it as some massive rebound next year. I don't think that's going to happen. I think the channel is learning the lesson of carrying the right amount of inventory. So I think we'll reset this year. And then we'll move forward, and we'll share with you in November what we think that potential new algorithm will look like in terms of top line, EBITDA and EPS growth going forward.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I mean, listen, I don't think there's a single piece of this crop protection market that has not been impacted in the same way, whether they're biologicals or micronutrients or whatever the product you're bringing to market. I think everything has been impacted by the significant reset we're seeing. Now, having said that, we still have expectations that the plant health business will grow in that 20-plus-percent range. The biologicals are growing even faster. We'll continue to see that accelerate as we invest more, especially in R&D. So, we see that continuing. It's not something that we feel has been hampered long term by this recent reset. If anything, it teaches us that having that broader portfolio is going to help us going forward from a value perspective. So, we do see plant health as it continues to be a major focus for us, and the biologicals will continue to outpace the rest of the Company by some degree.
Mark Douglas: Good question. Listen, there is always a commercial package to be put together. And rebates in some parts of the world are a meaningful way that we go to market, like everybody else, the U.S. being one of those markets, but rebates are not used all over the world. So, we consider all the tools we have to make sure that we're delivering value to the growers and that we're getting the appropriate value to FMC. So, if there are rebate changes to be made, they'll be made, but it will be done in the context of the value we're bringing.
Mark Douglas: Yes. I mean, listen, price and volume will be, as we've said, it will be within the quarter or very close to the quarter. A little early to say at this point, but as we get there, we'll know exactly how we're playing and how the market is moving. Our expectation, as I've said numerous times, is we expect orders to be coming very close to the planting season, and that's what we're gearing up for.
Andrew Sandifer: Sure. Hey. It's Andrew, Chris. Thanks. Look, I think that the story for free cash flow in 2023 is actually relatively simple. However, challenging and disappointing it might be in the immediate term. We have a substantial drop in the EBITDA guidance for the year that flows directly through cash flow. The sales growth is in the second half, and the balance of our sales is more second half weighted as you know well, given the regions in which those sales are made, we won't collect on those sales in the year, so collections are lower. But building on comments Mark made in our prepared remarks, we are adjusting production levels across our operating lines right now. That means we're not buying anything as we're not manufacturing a lot of -- we have ample inventory at the moment. So, we're not manufacturing a lot of new material. So, we're not buying anything. So, we're looking at somewhere north of a $400 million drop in accounts payable at year-end. I mean simply $180 million drop in the EBITDA guidance and a $400 million drop in accounts payable basically wipes out the free cash flow we had guided for this year. Now as you pointed to, free cash flow is pretty lumpy. And as you cross, time periods can swing pretty rapidly. We do expect that as we move into more normalized conditions in '24, that we would see a rebound in free cash flow. We’d see a rebuilding of payables. We’d see a reduction in inventory, and we get back to a more normal collection cycle, more balance between the halves of the year. So we have nothing that makes us feel any different about our long-term goal and expectation that we should operate this business at a 70% plus rolling average free cash flow generation. It's just these -- the rapidity of these adjustments in this channel inventory reset this year is just too much to overcome unfortunately, in the six-month period. So that's the reality of free cash flow. But again, I think we feel very confident about the cash-generating capability of this business over the long term, and you will see that rebound as the situation normalizes.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes, certainly. I think, Vincent, I think you're spot on in that we are seeing improvement in costs as the pressures of the destocking hit every stage in the value chain. Despite the weak volume outlook for Q3, we still have substantial cost tailwinds in the quarter. In fact, the cost tailwinds are stronger now than what we anticipated three months ago. Some of the things that move more quickly through our inventory and into cost like packaging materials, for example, have improved. So we actually are seeing improved costs. We saw better than expected costs in Q2. We're expecting stronger than what we had initially expected in Q3. And I think you see continued benefit of that in Q4. So, these dynamics pushing back into the chain, I think set up a very favorable cost position going into 2024. A bit hard to look too far out to 2024 just yet, but from what we can see, we should start the year in a very favorable input cost situation.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. I just would emphasize that we are controlling spend. We are still going to be spending more dollars in R&D this year than we did last year. We're just not growing quite as fast. Similarly with SG&A. And as Mark pointed to, we're not making any compromises on investing in the commercial operations of the Company and that expanding market access and building that closer intimacy with the customer. We are being very careful in metering our spending in other areas. And I think this is something that we've demonstrated over a number of different disruptions that have occurred in the past 12, 15 years that we can do, particularly in the last 5. So, we will be spending well below what we started the year planning to spend, but we'll continue to make investments that are going to drive the long-term future of the Company. And nothing that we're doing has any structural impact to the Company's ability to grow.
Andrew Sandifer: It's Andrew here, on margins in the fourth quarter. Look, I think it's all of the above. We do have positive volume contribution. But remember, when we look at volume, we include mix and volume. It's a strong quarter for us for new product introduction. Mark mentioned two specific products for Brazil that we have very high expectations for. But it's a broad portfolio of newer products that will contribute to a more positive mix. We do have cost tailwinds. We do have input cost favorability that we expect to sustain in Q4. We do have some modest continued pricing benefits. Now, it's not necessarily new price increases, but the year-on-year comparison from where we've raised prices to at this point still carrying over versus the prior year. So it's a broad-based combination there. And it really does allow us to deliver what will be one of the strongest margin quarters in quite some time for FMC. But it is a combination of all of those factors in the fourth quarter. It's input cost, it's volumes, it's operating expense discipline, it’s the continued pricing benefit of actions we've already taken, all of those factors.
Andrew Sandifer: Yes. We have not yet quantified that in part because it's a moving target. We do anticipate based on what our operating levels are right now that there will be some modest fixed cost absorption headwinds in Q4. That's built into our guidance, be very clear. It mitigates -- it offsets a small amount of the input cost benefits we have in Q4. But in terms of how that might bleed over into next year, it's too early to know because it's going to depend on how we operate through the rest of the year. I think we're being very thoughtful about managing our inventories, trying to bring them down in line with current demand, but also leave ourselves in a position to be able to capitalize on the eventual recovery of market. So, it is a bit of a moving target. But I think key message, both our Q3 and Q4 guidance reflect our expectations for any impact of unabsorbed fixed costs in these periods. And as we look forward to the next year, it's really going to depend how the rest of the year plays out.
Andrew Sandifer: I'll chime on at least the first part of that question. I think the costs for Q4 are largely locked. There are items that move more quickly through our cost structure, particularly packaging items and logistics that we can continue to move as we move into fourth quarter. The final mix actually does matter because the cost reductions we're seeing are not uniform across every input or every product that we have. So, I do think we have a high confidence in the level of cost tailwind we're expecting in Q4 and a vast preponderance of that is pretty much locked in, but not quite all of it just yet. I think, in terms of -- Mark, maybe you want to speak to price and volume in the fourth quarter in terms of visibility there.
