Andrew Sandifer: Thanks, Pierre. I will start this morning with a review of some key income statement items. FX was a 2% headwind to revenue growth in the second quarter with the most significant headwinds coming from the Indian rupee, Brazilian real and Turkish lira. For the remainder of 2024, we anticipate continued low single digit FX headwinds driven primarily by the Brazilian real. Interest expense for the second quarter was $63.6 million, down slightly versus the prior year period. But lower foreign interest expense offsetting higher domestic interest expense. For full year 2024, we expect interest expense to be in the range of $235 million to $240 million, essentially flat year-on-year at the midpoint. With the impact of higher rates on domestic debt offset by lower foreign borrowings. Our effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for the second quarter was 15.5%, in line with the midpoint of our continued expectation for a full year tax rate of 14% to 17%. Our GAAP provision for income taxes in the second quarter benefited from the transfer of intangible assets to our Swiss subsidiaries, where we recently were awarded OECD Pillar 2 Compliant Tax Incentives. This asset transfer will allow us to take further advantage of these new incentives and will help ensure FMC maintains a structurally advantaged tax rate for at least the next decade. Moving next to the balance sheet and leverage. Gross debt at June 30th was approximately $4.2 billion, down $157 million from the prior quarter. Cash on hand increased $54 million to $472 million, resulting in net debt of approximately $3.7 billion. Gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was 5.3 times at quarter end, while net debt to EBITDA was 4.7 times. Relative to our covenant, which measures leverage with a number of adjustments to both the numerator and denominator, leverage was 5.4 times as compared to a covenant of 6.5 times. As a reminder, our covenant leverage limit was raised temporarily to 6.5 times through June 30th this year. It will step down to 6 times on September 30th and then again to 5 times on December 31st. We expect covenant leverage approaching four times by year-end, reflecting both the year-on-year EBITDA growth in the second half, as well as receipt of proceeds from the recently announced sale of our Global Specialty Solutions business to Envu. We remain committed to returning our leverage to levels consistent with our targeted BBB BAA2 long-term credit ratings, or better. While we will still be meaningfully above this level at the end of 2024, we are confident that with EBITDA growth and disciplined cash management, we can reach leverage metrics consistent with our target credit rating in 2025. Moving on to free cash flow in slide 11. Free cash flow in the second quarter was $280 million, an improvement of over $187 million versus the prior year period. Nearly all of this improvement came from adjusted cash from operations, which improved by $184 million from a reduction in inventory, as well as a build of payables. Collections continued to be strong and ahead of our internal forecast. Capital additions were lower as we continued to constrain investment to only the most critical high-return projects. Legacy and transformation cash spending was up due to costs related to our restructuring program. Through the first half of 2024, free cash flow is up $915 million versus the prior year. We now expect free cash flow of $400 million to $500 million for full year 2024, a positive swing of nearly $1 billion from the 2023 performance at the midpoint of the range. This year-on-year increase is expected to be driven by significant cash release from rebuilding accounts payable and reducing inventory, partially offset by higher accounts receivable due to revenue growth in the second half of the year. Relative to our prior guidance, this free cash flow outlook reflects the updated EBITDA guidance provided today, as well as a modest reduction in anticipated capital investment. With that, I'll hand the call over to Ronaldo.
Andrew Sandifer: Hey, Josh. It's Andrew. I'll take this one. I think certainly Q3 has been an aberration, just the lumpiness of how some of this cost is flowing through. Just a reminder, everybody, we do have raw material cost benefit throughout the year for newly purchased materials. We've had headwinds that offset that in different ways throughout the different quarters. As we look to the third quarter, the big issue is a big slug of unobserved fixed costs that are now flowing through our P&L from downtime we took in manufacturing facilities in the last year. That is really the big offset to raw material cost favorability. We do also have a little bit higher distribution and freight costs because we're doing higher volumes, but it's really that flow through of the unfavorable variances. In Q4, we still have a little bit of those volume variances flowing through that unabsorbed fixed cost flowing through. We do have higher distribution costs, but we still have raw material cost favorability from the prior year. So, that gross margin costs become much more of a flattish issue in Q4. Some of the additional benefits on total costs, you'll see a modest tailwind on overall costs in Q4 with restructuring benefits and a lack of a headwind on COGS. So, Q3, really it's the carryover of unobserved fixed costs from last year. It's lumpy, it's flowing through, and this is the last big slug. But unfortunately, it's large enough to where it offsets any of the restructuring benefits year-on-year in Q3. Q4, we get out from under the biggest pieces of that, and the COGS headwind gets to be pretty flat.
Andrew Sandifer: Yeah, thanks, Vincent. No, it's really more of an issue in SG&A and RD, quite honestly, the currencies that are just the most in play in those quarters. And it's a basket of currencies, but in Q4 in particular, it's the REI. And while we have a revenue headwind, it's an SG&A benefit. So, net-net, we end up with a - it's a minor tailwind to EBITDA in the fourth quarter, but we wanted to highlight that because it might not - given that it's a modest, low-single-digit FX headwind at revenue, we didn't want to mis-signal people that it would actually go the other way in Q4. Q3, you see more alignment where you have the revenue and EBITDA headwinds, both minor, low-single-digit revenue for FX. So that's really the difference in Q4. Its which currencies are hitting and the fact that there are benefits in SG&A from those currency changes that offset what happens at revenue.
Andrew Sandifer: Yeah, look, Arun, I'd say simply this. Certainly, the availability of credit to our customers did impact perhaps some buying last year, but I would emphasize the quality of credit in our own receivables is very high. Our past dues are down. Our collections have been ahead of our own internal forecast. So, while that availability of credit may be a rate-limiting step on purchases, particularly last year when there was such the heat of the correction, we don't believe that that's either a risk to our revenue or a risk to our balance sheet at this point.
Pierre Brondeau: Thank you, Ronaldo. Before we move to Q&A, I want to make a few high-level comments on 2025. It is too early for any formalized guidance, but I will share some factors that we believe could influence our results. We are expecting demand in the market to continue to accelerate from where we end 2024. That would lead to a volume growth for FMC, especially in the first half of the year, where prior comps will be weaker. We also expect continued strong growth over new products. Pricing is uncertain, as in the case during any period of demand recovery. The pricing actions we have taken this year should position us well in 2025. Overall, we expect 2025 revenue growth at around 6%, excluding the GSS business. On the cost side, there is about $150 million to $200 million in expected favorability. That's coming from lower raw materials, the absence of an absorbed fixed-cost headwinds that is forecasted in 2024, and a full year of restructuring benefits. There is some uncertainty, depending upon how raw materials move, but overall, the 2025 cost story is shaping up to be positive. The cost favorability will be partially offset by the loss of about $30 million to $35 million of EBITDA from the sale of the GSS business. That gives us growth at the top and bottom line in 2025, with further growth coming in four years as the new products in the pipeline that Ronaldo spoke about are launched and or expand into new countries and markets. With that, we are now ready to take your questions.
Pierre Brondeau: So, in a few words, I'm going to say it again. Trust me, I don't want to miss neither Q3 or Q4, so there is a very solid due diligence behind those numbers and strong confidence.
Pierre Brondeau: Oh, yeah, normal pace. Yes, sorry. Yeah, we have about 30, probably 35% of orders. Last year was zero. I would say that in period of high demand, when your markets are growing at a strong pace, a 45% up to 50% of orders in hand would be a normal ratio you could expect. I'm talking when you have a very healthy market with low inventories in the channel. I think the numbers you've seen are not much different from what we said in the script. I think we're increasing north of $75 million, the target, with the last part coming from SG&A. I do believe that we're going to reach the $150 million by the end of 2025 in run rate, in overall cost saving, with a significant part coming from SG&A. But once again, I want to emphasize, as much as $150 million, whether it's on the COGS side or the S&R side, is a good number. We're going to need to do better. We're going to need to do better. We're going to need to operate at a lower cost. And we have in place a strategy program around attrition, because that's an opportunity for us. We have tools which allow us to work differently, and I think we have to use them.
Pierre Brondeau: Yeah, I think we've, you know, the cycle, we've seen them, we've seen them before. There is always the seven, eight years of growth, followed by a one to two year down cycle. Every indication we had, and we try to be very scientific and maybe more than usual in analyzing the market, we believe we reached the bottom in Q2 2024. That being said, we do not see getting back to a more normal business activity and a more normal channel until the first quarter of 2025 for LATAM, Europe, and North America. I think for Asia and mostly driven by India we're going to have to wait well into 2025 to have more normal activity. I believe by the end of 2025 we are off the downturn. Mostly, mostly, the recovery is going to be mostly driven by non-Asia regions in the first quarter of 2025.
Pierre Brondeau: Absolutely. I think we acknowledge that we were aggressive on pricing to recover raw material cost increase. This period of inflation in cost is now mostly behind us. But we intentionally kept prices at a very high level across the board because we saw a market where demand was poor. There was no real demand. So, fighting with price in time when there is no demand, we felt was not the smartest thing. But we also have to face that now we have more than recovered cost through the period of raw material inflation. And we do have a tool to take back position we should have and get back to market share we had in places where we've been artificially keeping price high even if there was no differentiation. So, it is not a change of strategy. We're not going to become a company which is going to be chasing volume at any cost. I think we used Q2 to reposition our prices in order for us to be able to grow and benefit from the growth of the market. But this is it. You will not see us continuing this in Q3 or Q4. But I have the feeling that we needed that repositioning of our pricing after quarters of aggressive price increase. But absolutely no change in the strategy. No chasing of volume at any cost and we’re not going to pay less attention to the margins of the gross margin or EBITDA margin of the company.
Pierre Brondeau: If I understand well the question, you're asking about the one-time incentive we gave to our customers and in Brazil to some extent in North America. We're holding high-cost products and those products were stocked in the channel. We needed to see those products move through the channel to go to the end customers. And we had discussion with them. They needed help. We helped them and that allowed us to free space with a product going on the ground and moving through the channel. So, it was very clear with them. It's a one-time incentive which is done toward the end of a down cycle. Customers need help. We were there for them. It helped us too for the following of the year and it's cleaning up the channel. I think everybody's clear on the market on why we do it. I don't think there is any risk of channel stocking because our prices right now are where they should be and are not lower than what the market is commending.
