Mark A. Douglas: Thank you Andrew. Turning now to overall market conditions. With only a couple of months left to go in 2020, we continue to expect the global crop protection market will be flat to down slightly on a U.S. dollar basis although our view on the regions has changed slightly. The outlook for Europe continues to worsen following a hot, dry summer, and we now believe that market will be down low single digits year-over-year, that is flat in our prior forecast. Offsetting this, we expect the Asian market to be up low single digits versus our prior forecasts have been down slightly due to much better weather conditions in India, Australia, and ASEAN. Our forecast for Latin America and North American markets are unchanged, a down to low mid-single digits and up low single digits respectively. All these forecasts are for the market not FMC and are in U.S. dollars.  Moving to Slide 12 and the review of FMC full year 2020 and Q4 earnings outlook. As I said earlier, we are raising our guidance for the full year. We are still facing significant FX headwinds and impacts on both cost and demand from the global pandemic. But the underlying demand for our products and our ability to control costs led to our improved outlook. FMC full year 2020 earnings are now expected to be in the range of $6.45 to $6.57 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 7% at the midpoint and $0.06 above prior guidance. The $50 million in share repurchases planned for the fourth quarter will not impact our full year share count as the buybacks are too late in the year to alter the math for the EPS calculation.  2020 revenue is forecasted to be in the range of $4.72 billion to $4.78 billion, an increase of 3% at the midpoint versus 2019 and 9% organic growth. We believe the strength of our portfolio will allow us to deliver high single digit organic growth, continuing a multiyear trend of above market performance. EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $1.295 billion to $1.315 billion, which represents a 7% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. Guidance for Q4 implies a year-over-year sales growth of 5% at the midpoint on a reported basis and 10% organically led by continued strength in Asia in addition to the global strength of our diamides business. We are forecasting an EBITDA growth of 8% year-over-year at the midpoint. EPS growth is forecasted to be flat year-over-year, limited by the large positive tax adjustment in Q4 2019.  Turning to Slide 13 and full year EBITDA and revenue drivers. Revenue is expected to benefit from 6% volume growth with the largest growth in Asia and Latin America and a 3% contribution from higher prices. FX is forecasted to be at 6% top line headwind. We have raised our EBITDA guidance by 10 million at the midpoint reflecting the outperformance in Q3 while recognizing the delay of 8 million of costs into Q4. We now expect a higher contribution from volume growth and we are also generating higher cost savings as well as earlier realization of some SAP synergies. We now forecast an FX headwind of $247 million for the full year versus $230 million in our prior forecast. On a EBITDA basis, we now expect pricing to cover over 55% of the FX impact of the year and pricing will come from all regions led by Latin America.  Moving to Slide 14, where you see the Q4 drivers. On the revenue line, pricing and volume are expected to drive the top line strength and regarding EBITDA drivers pricing will have a larger impact in Q4 than it did in Q3. To wrap up we executed very well in the quarter, both from an external perspective in driving demand across all regions, but also importantly internally by focusing on cost control and delivering critical activities that will drive our future performance. This includes preparing our Go Live of SAP, continuing to drive our R&D pipeline forward, and keeping priority capital projects on track. Q4 is an important quarter for cash and we are focused on cash generation as well as demand generation. We remain confident in our ability to drive above market performance once again. With that, I'll now turn the call back to operator for questions.
Mark A. Douglas: Sure, yeah. Let me just give a couple of high level comments before I jump in on the details. You know, one of the one of the reasons you're seeing us move our free cash flow conversion and ultimately the dollars is the reason -- I think one of the primary reasons is the focus we've placed on cash as an organization. I think it's important to note that all the executives and senior managers now have a free cash flow component in the long-term incentive rewards for the company. And I do believe that that has helped change our view of free cash flow and how we go about delivering that for the company. So that's an important backdrop for everybody on the call of how you think about us driving not only earnings, but also free cash flow. Andrew you want to talk about a couple of the drivers there.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, thanks Laurent. Let's take the first one. First, the Q3 pricing. I said it in the script and we certainly saw this, as we rolled through Q3 into Q4 the Brazilian market was extremely stressed. We probably think that market was delayed by about 30 days in terms of planting. It was just so hot and dry, unprecedented weather. That causes all sorts of frictions in the channel as you can imagine. And our ability to move price to the degree that we thought it was just not as we had planned when we gave guidance in early August. So we responded to that. We had opportunities in the marketplace, especially in the soy complex to go and move volumes, which we did very successfully, but we didn't get as much price.  Now, what does that mean going forward? Well, certainly the price lists going forward for Q4, we are at a higher level because that's already been negotiated, so we do have confidence in the price that's going forward. But, we covered about 55% of the total impact of FX in the year. It's going to take us through part of next year and all the way into the next beginning of the next season in Brazil to recover the rest of that, assuming that FX stays where it is today. You just don't recover those sort of increases in one season. It is just too much. And you can't expect the grower to absorb that. We will continue in Latin America to push price as we go through this season. And also we're looking at price and we'll be looking at price in the other regions as they come into their new season in 2021. So expect us to be on this all the way through next year. And then we'll wait and see where we get to in Q3 next year for the 2021-2022 season in Latin America.  On the other part of your question, Laurent was channel inventories. I'll give a quick run around the wall because I'm sure other people have that same question in mind. In North America, particularly in the U.S., we feel we're in much better shape than we were a year ago. We were very explicit as we went through this year, the fact that we felt following the very poor year in 2019 in terms of weather, that we had more pre-emergent herbicide channel inventory than we would like. And that was the case. We've been very diligent in drawing that down this year, and we feel very confident that the levels we're at now are average levels where we can compete from a channel inventory perspective. And it should bode very well for a good restocking at the end of this year, getting ready for the U.S. season in Q1. In Europe I believe channel inventories are high. Not everywhere, but just given the weather conditions, especially in northern Europe, I expect that herbicide, some herbicides, some insecticides, and certainly fungicides will be high in Europe. It's something we're going to have to watch out for as we go into the next season, starting in Q1.  In Asia, I think India is in good shape. Monsoon was very, very good. So a lot of draw-down of inventories there, not that they were particularly high. ASEAN has improved a lot. Indonesia is looking much better now, more average for us. Australia has really got back on track. Excellent season given the drought we've seen the last two or three years. So Australia's good. I would say more inventory than we would like in China. For those of you that watch the situation, there was significant flooding during this season which did reduce demand. So we think China is a little heavy on inventory. And then moving down to Latin America, obviously Brazil is the major focus there. Right now inventories are high, but that's got nothing to do with how we feel about the market growth. Sentiment is very strong. We expect acreage to increase. Once again, local prices are strong. So the market is very buoyant. It is just purely a delay in the usage of products at this point. Put it in perspective for you, I can tell you we always look at how much we are selling and what the market can take, and we have not sold more than the market can take in Brazil. So we feel very confident that once the pricing really gets going, which is now, the rains have arrived, that Brazil will be in much better shape as we end the season.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, I think you know, Steve, thanks for the question. Listen, I think it is such a fragmented market that that whole complex of offering advice and developing the market itself has been slow to uptake. I think the value of the goods now are getting to a point where the growers see the impetus for improving both the fertilizer usage, crop protection, the seed quality. They're exporting more from that market. So therefore, there is more of an incentive to invest. We certainly from an agronomic advice given the fact that our four distributor partners, plus the sales and marketing force that we have there do give agronomic advice to the growers to help them improve their yields and educate the growers on what is happening. I don't see us going to a model where we have fancy stores in India. There's a difference between the Pakistan market and the Indian market. The Indian market is just so much bigger and more fragmented. We did a lot of business prior to the DuPont acquisition through small retailers and I can tell you, a lot of people focus on the P&L for the business but when you're going direct to retailers in places like India, you have to have a large balance sheet to support that. And we felt that was not the right way to go. So we took the five distributor model and expanded it. But I don't see us going to FMC stores in India. I don't think that's the right model for us in that country.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, thanks. So a couple of things. First of all, just the way you think about our business, and I know we talk about this a lot, but that geographic balance and the crop balance is very important. Plus the fact that, if you think about the size of our business, we're roughly almost $5 billion in a $58 billion market. We have a 9% market share, 8% to 9%. There is plenty of room for FMC to grow. We don't need the market to be growing mid-single-digits for us to grow at mid-single-digits. I think the whole area of how we're expanding our franchise and I'm not just talking about the diamides, I'm talking about the pipeline of products that is coming, the crops that we have. You know, I've talked before about the number of registrations that we continue to add to our portfolio, which drives that future growth. You think about products this year, we have about $70 million of new revenue from products that were launched this year. So, that's what -- 1.5%, almost 2% of revenue growth just from products that we're launching without the rest of the portfolio moving into new crops. So, that geographic expansion is very important. Not only are we seeing that in India as we've been very deliberate in moving out to certain parts of the country where we've not had presence, we're doing it in Indonesia, we're looking at our China business in terms of which provinces we need to expand into, and then surprisingly enough we're still doing it in Brazil. We are looking at market access in different parts of Brazil, how do we take more share with the quality of the portfolio? So it's not one silver bullet. There are a number of components that we have to keep working on to continue to drive this outperformance of the market. And we strongly believe we can continue to do that.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, thanks Mark. You could see when we talked about the FX impact, Andrew highlighted the BRL was one of the major impact, but there were a number of other currencies there, most of them in Asia. We do move price and have moved price in Asia this year, not as robustly as Brazil, given the size of that market. But we do get price. I think what you got to think about in terms of the generic side of this business, you look at our business today. If you think about third party products, which for us are essentially how you think about the generic -- how we think about generics. That's probably only about 5% of our total portfolio. So competing with generics is one thing, when you compete with the same technology, competing with what we call value in use. So the value that the grower gets from using your products through either removing a pest to improve yield or productivity, that's where the real core of the business is. It is that value that the growers wish to protect. And think about it, generally prices are looking better. I know people always focus on soy and corn in the U.S. markets or in the Brazilian market. But where we are around the world, rice prices are not particularly bad. Sugar prices are not particularly bad. Fruit and vegetable prices are moving all over the place, given the demand has changed due to COVID. But generally speaking, growers in Asia now are looking at being more profitable and therefore are willing to spend on the higher quality inputs that drive that yield and profitability. So we think of it that way rather than the generic market itself.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, it's a bit of the first two not necessarily the last one I think. Yes, we do have geographic expansion and also crop expansion in India. Those fruit and vegetable markets themselves are highly fragmented. So, we've talked before, as I said, about the registration profile and how we're increasing that. India plays a significant role in getting our products onto more crops in different parts of the country. Certainly, I'm not going to go into all the details of the pipeline. I'm going to do that in two weeks. But yes, the pipeline has applicability in India. I also think there are some agronomic changes going on that we see that are benefiting us. I'll give you an example. In Brazil, the sugarcane business is highly mechanized. In India, it is not yet there are labor shortages. So in Brazil, we are a leading provider of herbicides for the sugarcane market. We're now building a pre-emerging herbicide business in sugarcane in India, which is a brand new market. It used to be manually controlled and now they're using -- starting to use pre-emergent herbicide. That's a great example of the market that didn't exist a few years ago that is now growing rapidly and we can transfer technology and knowhow from Brazil to India. And in fact, in the past -- in the past few years, we have had India sugarcane growers go to Brazil to see the difference between the agronomic practices. That's all investment that allows us to continue to expand our market share and our market growth.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, you can't -- Frank, you can't necessarily say that the first half of next year is the same as the second half of this year purely because you look at our growth rates in Q3 and especially in Q4, Latin America and Asia in particular play a significant role. Well, that Asia business is not necessarily as big in Q1 or Q2, it is not far off but certainly Latin America is much lower in Q1 and Q2 than Q3 and Q4. So I think you got to be careful in that and that we never look at the business sequentially. It's not something we do because we look at it from a seasonality perspective. Now, do we have traction? Yes, obviously we do, given the market growth rates. But we're right in the middle of our budgeting process at this point. Just to give you sort of a broad view of the market itself, because I don't have FMC’s internal numbers yet. But broadly speaking, you know, the market this year is down low single digits. I would expect the market next year to be sort of flattish. I think Europe should improve if the season is anywhere near normal and everywhere else is kind of looking a little stronger. Latin America is looking a little stronger. I expect Asia will too. The U.S. market, with prices for soft commodities where they are today, China continues to buy, the U.S. market should look a little better next year we'll see. And then you've got -- our long range plan, we pegged top line growth of 5% to 7%. Here we are through our second year, we're right in the middle of that range from a two-year growth rate perspective. People should be thinking of FMC delivering in that 5% to 7% range and 7% to 9% for EBITDA going into next year. I don't have the exact number, but certainly our long range plan through 2023 is on track. That's how you should be thinking about it.
Mark A. Douglas: Difficult to say at this point Aleksey. We are certainly working with Latin America, Asia to look at where we're going to be on pricing. We haven't built that model out yet. But you're right we have recovered about 55%. We got about $100 million of pricing to go. It all depends on what happens to FX, does FX stay where it is given where the election is, does the dollar strengthen or weaken after the election, all those things come into play. So, I think it's a little early to say there is a $100 million tailwind in pricing going into next year.
Mark A. Douglas: Thanks, Joel. Yeah listen, it's a subject that is very close to my heart. I passionately believe in sustainability and a company like ours where the marketplace that we operate in, I think there are tremendous opportunities for us to position FMC as a sustainable company and a leader in this space. You will have seen we made an announcement in October. We've now put in place a chief sustainability officer. We are restructuring parts of the company to put that under our sustainability office. For me, it ties so closely into the technology platform that we have and we'll talk about that in two weeks time at the Technology Investor Day. I think the feedback we're getting is there is an appetite and a discussion around the types of chemistries that get used, the latest technologies, the more targeted technologies that are softer in chemistry. The biological approach to crop protection is also gaining a lot of traction and the combination of the two types of chemistries together. And then there is the whole the carbon footprint of companies that come into play, how we think about our waste and our utilities, they're all part of managing the company and with the expectations of the various stakeholders that we have. So I do see it as an important aspect. You will see more from us. And, we're putting out some pretty ambitious goals for sustainability for the company that we will be reporting on a regular basis. So more to come from this area.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, you're right. We have had that drag on costs. I think we said earlier on in the year it was about $20 million of drag. Frankly, I don't see that going away in the near-term. When you look at what is happening in Europe today in terms of sort of the second wave, we have already been extremely proactive ahead of the next season of moving material to local warehouses distributed throughout Europe rather than the lower cost model where you use centralized warehousing. We are very cognizant of the fact that things are changing in Europe. So we've been very proactive in putting those products out into the marketplace where we know they're going to be needed and we have more of an opportunity to move them around that entails cost. Now, that cost was built into this year so I do -- I just expect it to kind of roll forward. I don't think you'll see a tailwind from that. Given where we are certainly Q1 is going to look very similar to Q4 I think. And if we see that wave growing elsewhere, we'll do the same thing in terms of logistics costs, moving products around, etcetera. So we're very much at the forefront of this. We're very proactive. We learned a lot over the last couple of years and we're applying those learnings. But they do come with an added cost. 
Andrew D. Sandifer: Sure. Thanks, Mark. I think certainly strong quarter and year-to-date on cash flow for us this year and that very strong focus that Mark is talking to you see that in the way we've been able to manage the growth of working capital in particular. Also it has been benefited by some deferral of cash tax items under the CARES Act and lower cash interest based on the refinancing and lower rates that we've seen. As I think about free cash flow from a big picture perspective, I think Chris, to your opening comment and certainly just at the levels that when FMC is talking about free cash flow, we're literally talking about the cash that is left over to either pay dividends, buy back shares, or make small acquisitions like the Fluindapyr fungicide acquisition that we closed in October. Everything else is built into that number, all of the legacy liabilities, all of the investment that's required to continue growing the business. So we really are driving towards what we have in terms of free cash flow that can be deployed.  As we looked at 2021 certainly we fully intend to take advantage of the new SAP system which will give us some new tools and a much better visibility into working capital, continue to drive working capital improvement. But structurally speaking and certainly we're spending over $100 million this year in cash to finish out the SAP implementation and finalize all of our transformation efforts resulting from the acquisition of the DuPont business. That $100 million is a tailwind to cash flow going into 2021. And all those other moving parts, CAPEX is a bit lower this year so there might be -- certainly should expect a bit of a pickup in CAPEX next year. The legacy portion should be relatively stable. And then the other remainder will be driven by our effectiveness and organic growth and driving that increase in growth and take the cash flow. So I think people should continue to expect that we show progress on that trajectory and we think that business should be in the 70% to 80% in the mid-term, above that in the long-term for a free cash flow conversion. Certainly [indiscernible] steal too much thunder, I'm going to grab a few minutes at our upcoming Investor Day in two weeks. Although it's largely focused on R&D, we'll spend a few minutes to talk about cash flow, cash conversion, and capital deployment policies in that event, as well as.
Andrew D. Sandifer: Sure. Thanks, Mark. I think that our hedging policy, our hedging program is all designed around increasing the probability of being able to deliver against our guidance and just the expectations that we set. There's no hedging program that can protect you fully from year-on-year changes in currency at any kind of economic basis. So we're not trying to go to zero FX impact, we're trying to maintain an FX impact within a range that we can manage through the rest of the P&L, through the pricing actions and businesses we have. Our hedging approach has been pretty well in place for several years now as we start from anticipation of sales with time to get guidance through entering in commercial terms with customers, through the time we actually issue an invoice and create a receivable and allow the specific tools and levels that we hedge out and each part of that life cycle. We have a very high coverage all the way up to 100% once we have a receivable on the books.  Looking at Q3 specifically, when you look at what we guided coming into the quarter, we expected an EBITDA of about $60 million headwind from FX and ended up being about $86 million headwind from FX. Part of that is it again, no hedging program covers 100% of the movement. And there were some movements beyond from what we anticipated. But the real driver was we ended up seeing some opportunities to grab more business and the mix of business in Latin America being more heavily denominated in BRL than what we had forecasted. So with that higher volume of BRL denominated sales, each one of those sales brings with it an increased amount of FX headwinds. So the real delta in the quarter was the impact of higher volumes and again, I think we're happy with the way the hedge program is performing. Again, it doesn't take all the risk off the table, it never can but it does help us increase our ability to manage the performance of the company, to meet the expectations that we're setting.
Andrew D. Sandifer: Yeah, John we don't actually break out what are straight products versus what are formulated products, but certainly we are having success. We talk about the Elevest we just launched. We've got a couple of others coming this year. I don't think it will ever make up the vast majority of ourselves into this space but certainly as we fragment the market and some of the partners that we're working with, as they look at the sales they are also likely to have a mixture of products that they will do. So it may not be that FMC has those mixture partners, all those formulated products, but our partner companies will have. So you will see a growth in that type of -- part of the market but we might not necessarily have that ourselves. We will have some, obviously, because we're working on that but I think the general market itself will continue to fragment with more formulated type products.
