Paul W. Graves: Thanks, Pierre. Since this is my last time delivering this section of the earnings call, I will keep it as short as possible. Let me start with FX and its impact on FMC's consolidated results. The euro has had the largest impact on our results in Q1, with the RMB and the Argentine peso smaller factors. We estimate that around 3% to 4% of the year-over-year growth in FMC's pro forma revenue was due to currency tailwinds; meaning that underlying top line growth for FMC as a whole was around 12% to 13%. We estimate that the Q1 benefit to EBITDA compared to last year was around $10 million. We do not have sufficient data on last year's earnings from the DuPont portfolio to be more precise than this. Looking at full year guidance, we are not expecting this FX tailwind to continue. We have far lower euro revenue in the latter half of the year, and forward rates do not suggest the same tailwind will occur. We always watch the Brazilian real carefully at this time of year. The forward rates for the real, which are the rates at which we protect our revenues and receivables, are in line with the assumptions underpinning the guidance we have provided. Our estimate of the impact of FX on our full year revenue guidance is unchanged from our previous guidance of 1% to 2% positive; meaning underlying revenue growth guidance of 7% to 8% across all of FMC. Interest expense continues to tick a little higher as interest rates climb. However, the impact on our guidance is muted by our expectations of cash generation go into debt to pay down. Tax expense is in line with our estimates, but we continue to work through the interpretation of the new tax rules and we'll have more clarity on the overall impact on our tax rate and especially on our tax provisions by the end of the second quarter. Cash generation in Q1 was another bright spot. Q1 is historically a cash outflow quarter and the required build in receivables for the acquired portfolio was expected to make this pattern even more pronounced. However, a very strong collection performance in Brazil with past dues falling by over $100 million compared to the same time last year, allowed us to largely offset this build and generate operating cash flow in our legacy Ag business that was stronger than prior years. We did not increase our cash flow guidance, despite the EBITDA we forecast and the strong first quarter. However, we have greater confidence that we will deliver cash flow at the high end of the guidance range and we will revisit our full year cash flow guidance in early August with our second quarter results. We believe that 2018 will be an unusual year in terms of cash generation; and the ones with through the build in receivables, we will generate significantly more cash from operations. When we normalize for this receivables build and remove the non-recurring capital spending from our base, we expect that adjusted cash from operations less CapEx will be at least twice that of 2018, assuming constant EBITDA. A final comment on the Lithium separation. We remain on track to IPO of the business in October of this year. We will be looking to file with the SEC this summer and we'll have a clearer view of the timing when we get our first set of comments back. It is important to be aware that as we get closer to the filing, our lawyers have advised us that we will be expected to reduce the commentary we provide on the Lithium business during earnings calls and investor meetings as required by securities laws. You should therefore expect that this is the last quarter that we will give extensive comments or undertake substantial Q&A on the Lithium business, before we enter what will be effectively an extended quiet period on the business. With that, I will pass the call back to Pierre.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. Look, I think the first point I would make is that the hydroxide market is distinct and different from the carbonate market. They have very different supply and demand dynamics. There is a very different supplier landscape and there is a very different requirement on the part of the purchaser of that product in terms of performance of the product. So, it's difficult to draw direct parallels to carbonate, because frankly it really isn't a conversation with the customers. The carbonate market, as I say, it really is truly a distinct and different market than the hydroxide market. An analogy I draw, although a different product, it's no different to our Butylli business, which is also clearly a Lithium business, but again, is sold under very different market structure, very different customer requirements. And so, you see very different contracting expectations. Customers are far more focused on security of supply of hydroxide than they are on certainty of price, while price is always important. The conversations and the contracts are far more focused on security of supply, especially as the demand pattern for hydroxide in the coming years is significantly great to grow than it is for any other product. It really reflects the move of our customers towards different cathode technologies, which require hydroxide. And they all recognize that this is not a straightforward product to manufacture; it's not a straightforward product to source on their part. And it's a key question in their own supply chain that they have to answer to their customers is, do you have the security of supply of all of the required metals for your product. So they are the dynamics that are at play, and that's what's driving the contract terms. It's what's driving customer behavior, and it's what's driving frankly the degree of confidence we have in our business today.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. I know it's pretty straightforward I think. Look, our view on the Lithium business given its investment needs is that it will be separated with a very clean balance sheet. There's not a lot of logic to piling it up with some structural challenges even if we wanted to on a tax basis, et cetera. But frankly, the right decision for the business is to let it go public with the ability to finance its investment plans in the future without stressing the balance sheet. The proceeds will, frankly – and they won't be used for debt pay down. So we will raise proceeds in the IPO and we will attempt to raise enough proceeds to make the transaction leverage neutral for FMC as a whole, which will allow us to keep our net leverage at about 2.5 times EBITDA after the IPO.
Paul W. Graves: Sure. The punch line is pretty straightforward and I think we've mentioned this before. On a full year basis, we expect the margin to be largely where we said it was at the start of the year, in the low-to-mid 40% range. We do have in this industry different customers and different prices and with different margins, depending on who they are, how long their contracts been in place, or ultimately what kind of product they're taking. And so, we will see and we'll always see likely on a quarter-to-quarter basis, customer mix impacting the reported margin. There's no fundamental change. We have full year plans as to when we ship to which customers. This is not a shock to us, which is why it came in largely where we guided, and it's nothing more than a simple customer mix issue or effect, should I say.
Paul W. Graves: I'll just repeat what Pierre said. We have both, for this year at least and beyond, pretty strong contractual protections around price. When we look at the supply/demand dynamics in hydroxide, it is tight. It's extremely tight and the demand is growing incredibly rapidly. And so, we don't see that tightness changing in any meaningful way. I'll keep making a point that maybe people miss with our business, that there is no connection between carbonate pricing and hydroxide pricing in our conversations with customers. And the fact that the two have moved together just reflects the fact that there's been tightness in both markets. Carbonate is and will always be a raw material to FMC's Lithium business. And so, the hydroxide market, you really have to understand completely, separately and independently today from the carbonate market.
Paul W. Graves: Yeah. I think on the – what's call, on the CapEx question, one of the reasons for separating the Lithium business is to really demonstrate the fact that the two businesses have different capital requirements. The Ag business will probably be in the $80 million to $120 million of CapEx range in any given year. Lousy maintenance CapEx, some expansion, and you've heard about the growth plans for Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr and other molecules. So there's likely to be some expansion in those numbers. The Lithium business is obviously a completely different beast. There's a large expansion in Argentina planned between now and 2025. I think we've talked about somewhere between $550 million and $700 million for that, plus the hydroxide expansion which while much lower capital is coming sooner, we talked about anywhere between $100 million and $200 million coming in the next three or four years on the hydroxide piece as well.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Paul. We feel very good about where FMC is today. Our Ag Solutions business delivered an exceptionally strong Q1 and we're set to deliver an outstanding 2018, with revenue growth significantly above the market growth rate. This channel growth above market will carry on for the foreseeable future. The integration of the acquired business is progressing very well. Gross synergies are being realized and our costs will be lower than we were expecting a few months ago. Lithium had another strong quarter to start the year and is on track to deliver another exceptional year in 2018. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. What is happening, and if you think about the way the business is now distributed. The first reason for which you have a Q1 and then Q2 for that matter, and overall the first half had a higher EBITDA margin, it is because there is a higher percentage in our business mix of the acquired portfolio, which itself carries a higher margin than the FMC legacy portfolio. So that's one of the drivers to have a first half and mostly a first quarter higher EBITDA margin. The second reason is that, the beginning of the year is a much stronger business in North America and Europe, which also are regions which are carrying higher margins. So, those are the reasons. There is nothing else to it than the percentage of new business versus legacy FMC business and the regional distribution in the first half versus second half.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yes. Thank you. Yes, there is, today, there is issues of restriction of manufacturing for some of our raw material, or I say some of our or some of the industry raw material suppliers and active ingredient suppliers. We have limitation in manufacturing because of an environmental issue. It is a problem the industry is facing, it is a problem we are facing and we are dealing with. In some places, it's creating tight supply; and in some other places, it's creating pressure on cost of raw material. It's all factored in the guidance we have going forward. So it's there, it is not really a dramatic impact and all accounted for, but something which is real and we're dealing with on a daily basis.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah. I think Mike, it's always a difficult topic to address like that because it looks like there is the rules and there is the bears and there is the believers, and there is non-believers. So we build a model from two things; demand from our customers and what are their plans, as well as the contract we have and the prices we have in those contracts which are multi-year contracts. Then we apply our knowledge around manufacturing and how much the capacity – the actual real capacity with usable product will hit the market. When we bring these together and our customers view it the same way, if not, you know the automotive industry, they are not known to overpaid for any products. Everybody looking at the real capacity potential which will be in place and the demand. You have a situation where every numbers point to a very tight supply/demand situation on the lithium hydroxide front and also on the lithium carbonate. And that is creating a set of contracts with our customers, which have price escalation every year. So, between our understanding of the market, supply/demand and the actual contract we have and some certainty around price increase every year, we are pretty sure that we're going to see price going up next year and the year after.
Pierre R. Brondeau: Yeah, Dmitry. So go back to November 1st, we closed on the business and at that time we do have two distinct business; the FMC legacy and the DuPont legacy, each of them having a budget. The DuPont legacy business, which is coming to us from DuPont, is an extract of their ag chemical business. And this business is coming to us with need for resources to run the back-office and to run the sales and technical organizations. And we knew it; there was no surprise there. The management team of DuPont had analyzed where they would believe we would need to add costs by adding resources, to be able to run the front-end and the back-office of the company. That's what we put into the budget. After operating the business now for five months, we realized that, I would say, into the beginning to me the first quarter, there is different way to operate. First of all, we are finding ways to leverage the FMC and DuPont sales, marketing and the field engineer organization across different regions without having systematically to add resources. We were also able to leverage much more the structure we have at FMC or back-office, to run the DuPont part of the business. So all of these led to a much lower SG&A cost that was expected by the management team with the previous business, and for that matter for – to some extent, from us. On the plant operations, we are looking at opportunities and it's not big change on the way we operate the plant, but lots of small contracts you have in plant services where we are able to do things a little bit differently, which are bringing savings at the level of gross margin. So all-in-all, it's just a matter of finding ways to operate the business by leveraging much more the existing FMC infrastructure rather than adding resources to operate the DuPont business.
Pierre R. Brondeau: It's definitely in the contract with customers. I mean, there is a yearly annual price escalation in the contract with customers. There is a formula base which guide if the price should go up or down, with a bias to price increase in the contract. So, that is the main driver of a certainty. But as important for us is maybe the way we look at the real capacity, which will be hitting the – not capacity, supply, which will be hitting the market versus the demand our customers are contemplating.
Pierre R. Brondeau: I think if we are giving the impression at any point that we're looking for savings in R&D, I think it's we gave the wrong impression. There is no intent to realize cost savings in R&D. If anything, we're investing more. And it was part of our contract with the European Commission to make sure that we would protect DuPont and FMC R&D investments once we did the acquisition. The European Commission was very strong about creating a fifth large technology-based company and their requirement was for us not to create cost synergies in R&D. So, I know pretty much what we had in FMC and what we had in DuPont is what we'll be adding up this year plus the no more R&D increase you'll see on a yearly basis.
Mark A. Douglas: Chris, I think Pierre hit on the main points. For me it's a two-way factor really. It's the market access and the portfolio that we have and that we have coming. We talk about the growth we've had this year in all the regions in Q1 and it's come from different places. I think of North America as an example, which is, let's make no mistake, it's a tough market right now. We know it's delayed. But our Authority franchise for pre-emergent herbicides, we launched a new product, Authority Supreme. It's a different combination. It's there to address growers' needs that have extremely tough weed resistance issues. It's taken off very well in its first quarter of sales and Q2 is also looking strong. So that's kind of the example that we're looking at in terms of bringing new technologies to address growers' needs. And that's not just with the acquired portfolio, it's with the legacy FMC portfolio. But more importantly, longer term is the technology pipeline that's coming and I'm very excited about the opportunities we have to address those growers' needs both from an insecticide, herbicide and fungicide needs. So for us, it feels very good where we are today.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah. This is Mark. So I think, clearly, when we look at distribution, I think Pierre mentioned a number of statistics and it's on the slide there, you can see that we have a much broader market access in many of the major Ag countries and growing regions. That's a key development for us, because to be able to walk into a major co-op or distributor or retailer and have a broader portfolio, is very advantageous, it's something we've been looking for for a while, and this acquisition really brings that to life. I would say the second piece that you're mentioning is registrations, and it's an important part of the Ag space. I think everybody knows, without the registrations, you can't sell. If you think about Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr as two active ingredients, we have today over 200 new registrations and label extensions around the world. They'll be coming through in the next 48 months; that is all new potential for us. It is new countries, it is new crops. And I have numerous examples where we're looking at niche crops in smaller countries that we don't participate in today. Now, that is what is already rolling through the process, and I think a lot of people know it can take anywhere from three to five years depending on which country you're in for registration. We ourselves, after six months of ownership of this business, have some very novel ideas of how we intend to use Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr in the future. We have a whole suite of new active ingredients coming through our pipeline that will actually go very well with these products. So we have a mixture strategy that we will be executing over the coming years that will further enhance that growth into different crops with different pest spectrums.
Mark A. Douglas: No. Sure. I mean, we all focus on Rynaxypyr because obviously it's the largest molecule. But we've said many times that we believe Cyazypyr is far from its peak in sales. And indeed, it's a later product. It was launched later, its patent estate runs much longer than Rynaxypyr. If you think about registrations and label extensions, we have pretty much approximately 50 coming this year, 50 coming in 2019 and going all the way through 2022, we have approximately 130 to 150. So we know that this year and next year, we are going to expand the opportunity for Cyazypyr considerably. Our sales force is ready for it. We have plans to exploit and aggressively grow Cyazypyr. So you can see why we feel that Cyazypyr has a strong growth trajectory ahead of it, certainly through the next four to five years. And it's those label expansions and brand new registrations that really drive all of that. I do also want to say though that we have the new portfolio coming. Those products are starting to hit in 2019. We're well advanced for 2020 and 2021 with new products from our existing legacy FMC portfolio. That also adds to those billions of dollars of market opportunity that Pierre is talking about. So, it's multifaceted. It's not based around one product or one technology.
Mark A. Douglas: Yeah, I'll address the two related to Christine Hansen. Our relationship continues to grow. We are investing in what we call out plant health platform. Plant health for us is biologicals, micro-nutrients and sea treatment. That business is growing rapidly around the world that is now north of $100 million in revenue. As I said, we continue to invest. We're seeing great opportunities in Asia on micro-nutrients. But more importantly, on biologicals, we're seeing growth in Brazil and certainly growth in the U.S. As we've said many times over many calls, this is a platform that we intend to continue to invest in. We see both opportunities for standalone biologicals, but also biologicals with synthetic chemistry and we're seeing growth in both areas. So for us, very important and we'll continue to invest. On the Monsanto Roundup Ready, FMC last year made a decision along with Monsanto that we would not be part of the Roundup Ready program. We have instituted in North America our own Freedom Pass program, which has been extremely successful in the first year. We are aligning with our retailers around the products that we sell and how they can benefit from various activities. It doesn't mean to say that we don't have a very strong relationship with Monsanto and other areas which we do, and we continue to both enjoy that relationship and both grow. But I am very excited about the Freedom Pass program that we put in place in the U.S., and especially how well it's taken off in its first year.
