Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo mentioned, we had another successful quarter and with our strong results, we are raising the midpoint of our 2019 guidance by $0.05 and narrowing the range. Also, we remain firmly on track to meet our longer-term outlooks. As you can see on Slide 4, on a per share basis, Entergy adjusted earnings were $2.52, $0.17 higher than the third quarter of 2018, including the effective dilution. Turning to Slide 5, rate actions in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas contributed positively to the quarter’s results at the higher sales volume in the unbilled period. Overall, revenue was a little higher than we anticipated due to weather. Billed sales volume declined versus last year, which was in part due to fewer days billed, volume in the unbilled period was positive as they captured the offset, the fewer days billed as well as warmer weather at the end of September. Other drivers for the quarter’s results included regulatory charges last year, included regulatory charges last year to return the benefits and the lower federal tax rate to customers, higher other O&M due largely to higher spending on information technology and customer initiatives including distribution operations, partially offset by lower nuclear cost. Drivers related to our growth such as higher depreciation expense including the St. Charles Power Station, which came online at the end of may. Lower decommissioning trust fund returns. And lastly, the higher share count affected this quarter’s results on a per share basis. Looking at EWC on Slide 6 as reported earnings were $1.27 per share lower than the prior year. Drivers for the quarter included the absence of tax items recorded in the third quarter of 2018, lower revenue due to the shutdown of Pilgrim as well as lower capacity pricing, lower decommissioning trust fund returns and higher asset write-offs and impairment charges related to the sale of Pilgrim. Partially offsetting the decrease was lower other O&M due to lower spending on nuclear operations and looking ahead, we still expect EWC to provide slightly positive net cash to parent from 2019 through 2022. Going to Slide 7, operating cash flow for the quarter was $1.065 billion, a $286 million increase from a year ago. The change was driven by a lower amount of unprotected excess ADIT returned to customers, lower pension contributions, and lower ARO spending at EWC, partially offsetting were higher severances and retention payments at EWC. Turning to our guidance and outlooks on Slide 8. For 2019, we raised midpoint to $5.35 as a result of whether returning back to normal for the year and mitigating strategies we put in place earlier in the year. We expect our results to come in around the midpoint of our updated range. Our targeted adjusted EPS growth remains at 5% to 7% off of our original 2019 guidance midpoint. Our outlooks include a new year, 2022, which is in line with this growth rate. More information will be available in our EEI materials. Moving to our credit metrics on Slide 9, our parent debt to total debt is 20.5% and our FFO to debt is 14.2%. this includes the effects of returning $469 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this give back and certain items related to our exit of EWC, FFO to debt would be 17.6% or we still have to return some unprotected excess ADIT to customers. I’m happy to report that the bulk of the credit impact is now behind us. We remain committed to our targets of at/or above 15% for FFO – for FFO to debt by 2020 and below 25% for parent debt to total debt as well as maintaining our investment grade profile. This was another successful quarter with strong results. We were able to raise our 2019 guidance midpoint and we are firmly on track to achieve longer-term outlooks. We continued to execute on our plan to deliver steady, projectable growth in earnings and dividends through customer centric investments. and as Leo mentioned, we aspire to do even better as we continue to develop our culture of continuous improvement. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Drew Marsh: Hey, Praful. this is Drew. Yes. So, on ADIT, it’s a little bit around $200 million, I think is the ADIT year-over-year element. And then a little bit of that is pension expense. The rest is continued improvement in our operating cash flow. And you could see that in our – well, you’ll be able to see that in our three-year outlook on operating cash flow for EEI. It's actually the ADIT piece rolls off. So in, in our three-year outlook, we should be back up over $10 billion when we get to EEI.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, by the end of next year, we should be at that – around that 50% level. And as you looked at the number this year without the – this quarter without the excess ADIT, and it is up actually over 17%. So, we are on track to move towards that target.
Drew Marsh: That was a very, very robust question, Julien. I’ll go ahead and start, and I’ll let others fill in our objective and we believe we’ll continue to meet it has been to keep our bill inflation level consistent with inflation. And as you recall, even last quarter when we – when we were able to come up with some continuous improvement ideas and change our capital plan, the bill path actually went down from where it would have otherwise been. So, we think we’re going to continue to be able to manage that with the current capital plan that we have going forward. On the – I’m not sure, I’m going to remember all of these, but I think on the renewables from a CapEx standpoint, we mentioned on the last – on the last call that we still see the need to replace the significant amount of our aging generation and that a portion of that will be gas, a portion of that could be renewables. We outlined a 7,000 to 8,000 megawatt need in a roughly 50/50 gas to renewables standpoint there. We’re not really doing anything outside of meeting our own customer’s needs with the generation that we’ve got. So – and that’s that 2022 to 2030 timeframe. So, that’s still, obviously, we’re adding some scale on the renewable front, but – and their scale economy is obviously first doing it. So, we continue to see that as a part of our resource plan, but it’s really just part of the resource plan like everything else given the fully integrated nature that we have. as far as transmission and expenditures, nothing’s really changed in that from the last quarter. I mean I’ll open it up to my team to correct me or – and I think I answered all the questions.
Drew Marsh: Julien, this is drew. So, we are still looking – Leo mentioned that we have 4,000 megawatts that we have in various stages of development and that we are looking at scale and what does that mean to us. and as renewables become a bigger portion of our portfolio, we think that there might be opportunities for us to take scale into consideration and have – and use that as part of a program. I don’t know if that’s going to take the same path as perhaps AEP is taking. there isn’t – Leo mentioned, we want to have renewables near our customers. there isn’t a whole lot of wind. there may be – there may be more solar oriented. But we are thinking about that scale opportunity and what that might look like for us as well.
Drew Marsh: Hi Greg. this is drew. And I’ll start and then rod can add in. The first thing I think from our perspective is that the macro fundamentals that we see that have been driving our industrial growth are still very much in place below inputs from an energy perspective, low gas prices, for example, our low power prices, the spreads of natural gas to oil or the spread geographically to Europe or Asia. those still remain very fundamentally sound along with, of course, some of our natural advantages here on the Gulf Coast, the access to the Gulf Coast; access to the river, the ready, willing and able workforce; the strong and supportive communities. All those things continue to be very supportive. And so – and then you take our industrial base it is some of the most modern and competitive in the world, and so we expect it to continue to run back, that’s what we have seen for our large industrials this year. We’ve seen our refiners, our core alkali facilities, our petrochem facilities continue to perform very well, where we’ve had challenges, our people that are coming up online. So, we have new construction that is in place or taking place and it’s just not ramping up as fast as we anticipated. We’ve been talking about that for a couple of quarters. In the small industrial space – our small industrial space has been surprisingly strong despite all of the economic headlines except for one area in Arkansas, we’ve had some agricultural customers, which are seasonally oriented and typically, are pumping a lot of water, we have a lot of floods in the spring and that carried over into the summer and to our three – until this quarter. So, our small industrial sales were down, but that was two thirds of the driver right there. And so we continue to see opportunities in the industrial space and with all the fundamentals still in place. So, I’ll turn it over to rod to talk about what we have been seeing.
Drew Marsh: Yes, Greg. this is Drew. So, when you look at our sort of trailing 12 months view in Arkansas, and you actually see this in Mississippi as well. last year, we overearned and in the fourth quarter, because of that, we took a charge to get us back down to the allowed return levels in both of those jurisdictions. We haven’t overearned this year, but we still have the charge. So, you see our ROE than you would normally anticipate in both those jurisdictions. but I guess the short answer to your question is yes, we would anticipate the ability to earn our allowed return in both Arkansas and Mississippi.
Drew Marsh: Hey, Shar. This is Drew. We don’t anticipate any changes to that outlook from an equity needs perspective and it still remains the same as it was at our Analyst Day a little over a year ago, and those needs wouldn’t kick in until 2021 and beyond.
