Leo Denault: Sure, Greg. This is Leo. We are probably a little unique, I guess, in this situation. While there is benefit to bonus depreciation and, I guess, right now we've estimated it's probably $500 million or so, we'll actually see the incremental benefit from the cash flow over time later than most people would, given the fact that we have a significant NOL position right now. While the bonus depreciation does fall in line ahead of the NOL utilization, it's not going to really change the cash flow profile in the near term, because it just pushes out the utilization then of the NOLs. Because of the NOL situation that we're in, the production deduction falls behind the NOL. So that's out there a few years as well for us. So really, no earnings impact to us from it. It gives us an incremental cash flow at the back end, I guess, of our planning period if you were to think about it that way. And the rate base will follow the realized benefits and bonus depreciation. The impact in the near term on us is going to be a lot more muted than you would see across the industry, given the NOL.
Leo Denault: Well, it is more money. That is a good thing, but it's just going to be -- it will fall in line in front, but then it will add that $500 million basically to the back end.
Leo Denault: As far as overall earnings growth, we really haven't necessarily put out an aspiration or anything on that. Certainly, if you look at what the forward price curve is, and look at where we're hedged, particularly in the near term, EBITDA that's coming out of the EWC business should be reasonably flat and declining as we've said in the past. And so, just to continue to offset that with the growth in Utility is what we see happening over the course of the next couple of years. So longer term, we see a lot of growth in the business, but certainly, like all of the merchants, in the near term, we've got the declining EBITDA to deal with as it relates to what's going on in the EWC business. As far as how much cash is coming out of deferred taxes, we don't necessarily get that granular with where that cash flow comes from. We still see that we're in the range to be able to return the $4 billion to $5 billion that we have as an aspiration over the next several years. And as you might guess, we're always looking to try and get more rather than less, because we believe from a financial point of view that returning the cash that you've all invested with us is the right thing to do. So that continues to be the objective. We continue to see ourselves in that range of being able to provide it, and we'll continue to work on making more.
Leo Denault: There's a couple of things. One, as it relates to the outages. When there is an outage, you will see less O&M show up because of the way the accounting for the outages work. That's one thing working in our favor from the O&M, if you look at the cash flow statement and how operating cash was offset to some extent by the cost of the outages. So that spend actually tends to not show up as higher O&M costs necessarily. And so what we also had was we had some costs in 2009 as it related to -- we had some incremental work done actually at Harrison County that showed up in 2009 that then wasn't there in 2010.
Leo Denault: If you're talking about -- I think Rick got the market in general. If you're talking about our sold forward table, we did have a FERC order that would set the VY capacity price around the D list, so the dynamic D list, we went in and got that capacity prices set at capacity price that was meant for the D list, which is a little bit higher than where we were before.
J. Leonard: As far as the Harrison County, certainly that is something that we have in the works already in 2010. If you think about the way we've managed the Non-Nuclear Wholesale Assets business which is where Harrison County fits, now under EWC. Since we got out of the IPP Development business, the ongoing strategic and operational efforts there have been to capitalize on operational improvements, to enter into a contracting strategy similar to what we would do with any asset that we have, but also restructuring of those plants and their ownership as well as sales. And we've had sales in 2006 and 2008 at some of the properties that we owned in that business as well. I'm not going to really comment about what is or isn't in guidance similar to last year. Last year, we did have some opportunities there with Harrison County we were looking at, but certainly they were confidential. Right now, as we look at 2011, there's really nothing on the horizon, but there could always be some sort of transaction around assets in that business. There's other plants in that business. There's a district energy business. It falls under there with some combined heat and cooling assets. So I guess right now there's nothing in the works, but at any point in time we could have some transactions around some of those facilities. As far as the decommissioning earnings, we don't really make public estimates about what may or may not be going on in there in terms of the way that works. As you know, it's a lot more draconian in terms of the accounting if the market really deteriorates. As you recall last year in 2009, we had some significant other-than-temporary impairments on some of the assets within the decommissioning trust funds. And as we go forward, there are more or less, just as investments are made and securities are turned over inside those funds, that's when we recognize some of those gains. So its a lot different going down than it is going up, but we don't really specify too much about what's in that. It's not significant most of the time.
J. Leonard: I think the opportunities on the unregulated side are pretty risky at the current time, not only in terms of the outcome, but with the rating agencies also were putting a little more pressure in our capital structure our ability to execute the more commodity driven we appear to be. There would be some benefits to adding to the regulated side, I think, in terms of credit quality and bringing out cash flows and maybe optimizing balance sheet. The real issue with regard to, I think, large-scale transactions that really hasn't changed a lot. You know the difficulty. We're already in multiple states. Other possible combinations would be multiple states. It could be tied up for quite some time even if you had transactions that made sense. And the difficulty in a transaction like this is a transaction is more than just stapling two business plans together. It had to create real value. And we articulated and executed in a way that shareholders actually can see what the strategy is other than just getting bigger and allowing any cash flows to go into organization slack and the organization is there to see it. That's tough to do. It's tough to find somebody that's like-minded and also has the right set of circumstances where you can pinpoint what the strategy would be and where the additional cash flows or opportunities will be from that. The fact that you have other companies out there getting bigger, and you have other companies out there that's very focused on that, as a strategy doesn't really changes our own point of view. Frankly, I do have a point of view that these companies can get too big. There's a lot of issues to manage and these companies, regulatory-wise, but at some point in time, I think they're beyond scale. Or the regulatory issues are or being managed to long in the company and are not being managed as well. Maybe as it might be if the company was a little smaller, a little focused. Their current size, [indiscernible] schedule around this place to keep track and keep our best people on top of these issues. Other people may just do it better than we do, but that's a lot of jurisdictions to manage for a lot of these companies. Having said that, like we told you before, we continue to look at small transactions, large transactions all the time; we have for the last 12 years. And sometimes they make sense, they look like they make sense and you may have exploratory discussions and realize they make no sense from the same point of bad data or you just see the world differently and it's a potential train wreck. Nonetheless, we haven't stopped trying to find one that works large scale or small scale, but if you like -- I think, as you indicated, at this point in time, given the way the world looks, you probably would err on the side of trying to find something more on the regulated than the non-regulated, but that's very hard to do.
J. Leonard: Well, there's a number of factors. Again, we're expecting the NRC will move forward and some time within this timeframe we're expecting to get a license renewal from them. That's a critical issue. At the same time, as we've indicated before, there are substantial expenditures, refueling outage and things of that nature that occur later in the year and somewhat force our hand in terms of making some decisions relative to the future of this plant. And we don't -- it's not really timely to get into what those choices are, but they're critical choices that we'll need to make probably somewhere around the mid-year. There are choices that affect all of you, there are choices that affect 650 people that work at that plant. I think maybe as some of the business leaders have pointed out, time's run out in terms of Vermont themselves, influence on the destiny of that plant. We strongly believe, and obviously the Senate does, it's a federal jurisdiction and we had choices that need to be made and we'll make them at the appropriate time.
J. Leonard: Well, I mean we're certainly looking for support from the people of Vermont, looking for support for the utilities. We want to be regarded as good partners with Vermont. But at the same time, I mean, in some respects, we're being potentially put in a corner here. And there's a point where there's a line in the sand. We've got to make a decision whether we're pushed any further or not. But we're not ignoring the legislature, we're not ignoring the governor, we're not ignoring the -- and I'm sure they're not ignoring the IBM or the business leaders and another people also. It's a very complicated situation. But like we said, despite all of the different things that are said that may or may not be accurate, we're gonna make the right decision for all our stakeholders.
