Andrew Marsh: This is Drew, Praful. And I’ll take the first part and turn it over Rod for the second part. So yes, it is related to the ongoing improvement efforts that we are making within the nuclear organization and the same dollars that we highlighted last fall at EEI when we talked about the expectations for spending within the nuclear business going forward. So they are the same thing.
Andrew Marsh: Well, Praful, essentially it's an acceleration of the decommissioning liability to become a deduction today. And the way it happens, it's very similar to the same transaction that we had last year, only a little larger because of the decommissioning liabilities are larger this year. There's a lot that goes on in that transaction in addition to the deduction. There are offsetting gains, there are basis step ups, there are reserves. But it doesn't all that back to zero and that's where the earnings comes in. So you know, we have certainly worked with the IRS. We've worked through external counsel to make sure that we have the interpretation of the code correct. But – and we're comfortable where we are. I think those are those are sort of the main drivers, it's that decommissioning liability recognition that is the main driver of the deduction today.
Andrew Marsh: A little bit, but that hasn't been the primary driver. We've also been able to reduce our capital expectations and reduce some of our fuel cost expectations. Those have been probably much bigger drivers than the O&M side and those - but those are being offset little bit by the fall in market prices. So we didn't make as much progress as we hoped, but still enough to say that we are a bit ahead of neutral at this point.
Andrew Marsh: Michael, throughout, I think directionally you're right. We expect to get substantially close to the allowed ROEs by ‘19 and beyond, as we work through both the 4% cap and the true up mechanisms that will take us through that ‘17 and ‘18 timeframe. But keep in mind that we affirmed our outlooks and in doing so we contemplated the allowed ROEs and earnings for Arkansas during that period. So it's consistent.
Andrew Marsh: In Louisiana we're filing to renew the FRP process that expires in - with the ‘16 thresh year and we are not seeking specific of the nuclear costs outside of the normal rate making process. And so it is with Mississippi, where Mississippi despite the fact that we have grand golf sitting in the state of Mississippi, grand golf is a FERC regulated facility that's not part of Mississippi's rate based recovery mechanism. So Mississippi recovers their grand gold associated costs through recovery rider.
Andrew Marsh: That's true. You know, we have contemplated something different than our expectations or I guess the current ROE that we haven't - we haven't published what that is because we have ongoing proceeding. But it is based into your outlook.
Andrew Marsh: Sure, Shahriar. You know, we'll continuing to work down the path on that front, that is still a key objective for us. But as we talked about on the call last quarter, it's a pretty involved process and as we've gone along in Vermont, Vermont has been very engaged on the discovery process. It's been more than probably we were all anticipating in terms of the volume of information, but we continue to believe that we are making good progress on that. But because of the engagement level and the process is likely going to be a little bit slower than what we had anticipated. I don't think it will change our expectations on closed rate because we weren’t playing close until the end of 2018 anyway, but it's slowing down the regulatory process. And in turn that slowing down our expectations for where we might go with Pilgrim in Palisades and ultimately the end point. So we are thinking about that we're working down those paths. But these are first of the kind transactions and they're probably taking us a little longer than anticipated, but there's still an objective for us.
Andrew Marsh: We are assuming some cash in our current outlooks to be used for that purpose. And so I don't know that it should have a material change in our outlook. But that that process remains missing. And what we have out there is based on our expectations for the decommissioning costs, not necessarily a third party. So there could be a little bit difference and we are aiming through these processes to try and bring our expectations down a little bit so. So we do have something built into our outlooks already, particularly it's going to be reflected mostly in that parent debt to total debt number. But I don't know that we have an expectation this point to be materially different than that.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. I think that the easiest way to think about it and I don't know we have any updated disclosures around it, but you know, there's two points - it's almost my eyesight. You know, we have two units in Arkansas. We have two units in Louisiana and then you have Grand Gulf which is in Syria and it's sort of allocated amongst the few of utilities. So I think that's probably the easiest way to think about it.
Andrew Marsh: I think awaited more or less equally. There aren't any, you know, we have sort of like visual controls and condenser type projects and most of them. And so there there's not - there's not a project a plan in particular it has a very large capital expectation. And the O&M is pretty much the same, increase is pretty much the same across each unit.
Andrew Marsh: You know, Jonathan we are obviously like everyone else we're watching what's happening with the price points, or renewable storage. New technologies, we've deployed renewables from the solar standpoint, which is more applicable in our service territory. If it's going to be source in our service territory, not without a lot of transmission of a structure to come in. And as I mentioned, as part of our New Orleans filing we have also made a commitment per hundred megawatts renewables there. We see them playing a bigger role in our strategy going forward. The majority of what we add in the future will be natural gas and then transitioning into renewables and then other technologies as they become cost competitive. Big wind farms like that for us. We haven't found that make a lot of sense. I wouldn't rule it out. But right now our focus is probably on smaller more targeted projects within the footprint of our service territory and so.
Andrew Marsh: Sure. We’ll probably come out with the same type of drivers that we typically do see. ‘19 and beyond that was I think analogous to what Leo was talking about with continued execution on the major capital projects that are going to lead us into the future in terms of rate base growth. And so you know our earnings growth should follow that rate base growth over time. But at any given period, what I wanted to say was you know, we always have risks around both positive and negative for sales growth and pension you know. The pension growth risk hi highlighted at 4.5%, we might be 25 basis points below that right now. So $0.05 to $0.10 of risk for ’18 sitting there. And then you know kind of using rules of thumb you know, probably the same kind of risk on or opportunity on sales right now. So I just want to make sure that everybody's aware that those risks on a near term basis are always out there. But over you know, a couple of cycles in the regulatory process, so should smooth out and the main driver is long - term going to be the capital growth in our rate base.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. Greg, so the main areas where we have been doing better are in the utility related – I am talking about year-to-date, there a little bit difference on second half of the year because some of it's project driven. But the main things is year-to-date have been expectations around primarily our power generation business, it was primarily our fossil generation. We have been able to operate at lower costs year-to-date there and capture some of that. And we've also seen some lower insurance costs. We were anticipating lower insurance costs this year, but some of the premiums are coming even better than what we are anticipating. So that's been helping out. And those are things that we would continue to expect to see through the balance of the year. Some of the other pieces are timing related cost if we thought we were going to spend you know, like the second quarter, but they're now in the third quarter of that kind of thing. And those we are anticipating in the second half of the year, as part of what I've laid out. But the main things have been in our power generation business, not including nuclear and in some of our you know, traditional sort of overhead costs.
Andrew Marsh: So Charles the industrial growth expectation is that will continue on for the next few years. Although in ’18 we are anticipating a slight slow don to the industrial growth and that's because one of the – or actually a couple of the main drivers for ‘18 growth, those projects have been delayed and are now expected to come online in ‘19. And they were pretty large customers. So while we still are expecting large growth over the next few years comparable to what we are expecting this year on average it's going to be a little off center, a little less than ’18, probably a little bit more than ’19.
Andrew Marsh: You know, once you get out beyond like ’20, ‘21 it's a little lumpier. But you know we - because we're talking about these large industrial customers you can usually see them coming a couple years out. So we're basing our industrial growth based on those large customers being added to the system. And beyond that it's hard to see because they're not yet you know, reaching their financial decision points in order to me make decisions to go forward.
Roderick West: Hey. Good morning, Praful. It’s Rod. And on the on the process of - in SP recovery and the Arkansas FRB, the ex-parte rules are in effect that FRP process is undergoing with an expectation that a December decision is part of the procedural schedule. Discovery is under way in both the NSP and other costs associated with Arkansas that drive our point of view on revenue requirements are well supported by the record. And so we expect to get resolution on your question within SP by year end and alongside the rest of Arkansas is operating costs.
Roderick West: I think one of the reasons I think I stated ex-parte rules are in effect is that we're not allowed to engage at least on the commission staff side of the equation. And so it's early and I would expect us looking at the procedural schedule that we get some indication sometime in the October timeframe, as we begin to get our responses to the positions we've taken from some of the stakeholders. But everything right now is happening on paper with RFIs consistent with the procedural schedule. RFIs is being requests for information amongst the parties.
Roderick West: This is Rod. We had the procedural schedule with a hearing and the decision in December that with a rate adjustment would take place in January.
