Drew Marsh: Julien, this is Drew. Right now the $1 billion will give us around 14% range. And so that’s where starting from and we think that will maintain investment grade as we talk about and discussed. And of course, we like to do better that. We’re looking for other ways to do that by driving internal cash flows and working with our retail and regulators, but that’s kind of the place where we see it bottoming out. The amounts we’ll see – will be varying by the exact timing of the return to customers of any excess ADIT, but that’s kind of where we see it bottoming out.
Drew Marsh: Okay. So Leo in his remarks and yesterday or a couple of days ago, you saw the update on the Vermont Yankee process, so you’re clear on that. Beyond that, we continue to work through our process to try and duplicate that effort at our other plants and those processes continue to be ongoing. We are making progress, but the first thing is going to be Vermont Yankee, and we really focus on making sure that we bring that one home and then the others will follow on behind it.
Drew Marsh: Right. Well, yes, we said we’re not at the bottom of the range. So I think you would be – I will not kind of characterize around the midpoint specifically but we’re now not at the bottom of the range.
Drew Marsh: I think the main pieces are strong performance in the trust. And as you’ll see in our K, when it comes out early next week, the decommissioning actually I think it’s in the back of the disclosures in the appendix today. The trust are up over $4 billion at this point. So we see strong performance in the return of the trust. And then, secondly, we continue to work through our expectations on what it would cost to decommission facilities in the Northeast. And as we work through that, we are finding that we may be able to reduce our cost expectations there. So the combination of those two things is giving us the confidence to continue to move our expectations on the overall cash need at EWC.
Drew Marsh: Yes, of course, it makes much easier to manage that sales process as though stress become higher. That is true.
Drew Marsh: Not necessarily because we wouldn’t necessarily have access to those decommissioning trust funds except to do decommissioning until well down the road. So the fact that it is performing better I guess maybe to Praful’s question helps us to move towards a transaction but it does not necessarily move more cash into the business.
Drew Marsh: Right. And we are still actually ramping up some of those nuclear costs. And I think a big piece of a driver for us is the pension expense and where that will go. But beyond that, operationally, we have several programs internally to try and drive operational efficiency within our organization. And as we begin to roll out our automated metering efforts in the next year, and we start to install meters and then we start to put all the other parts together with that, new operational and management distribution systems and asset management systems and linking all those things together, we would expect to begin to realize some operational savings going forward for our customers. And as we realize that, I think that will create headroom for incremental investment but it would not at least maybe on a temporary basis it might drop to the bottom line, but we would expect that it would be recaptured in rates fairly quickly.
Drew Marsh: So, Michael, maybe think about it this way. Our original revenue requirement request was about $130 million. The cap limited us to think $70-ish million. And so we were short by $60 million. We are under earning by that amount. What, I think, Rod is saying is under the lower tax regime, the revenue requirement get something closer to the $70 million. So if you think of it as our revenue requirements kind of our revenue line, if you thinking about it 2018 income statement, our revenue line is about the same, our tax expense will be lower and all of it will kind of balance out to where we get close to our allowed return in Arkansas. Of course, next year we will be moving through the FRP and we’ll have an expectation for a lower tax expense next year as well and we’ll just continue to roll forward in the FRP process in that way.
Drew Marsh: Right. So we’re committed to investment grade but we still wouldn’t prefer to keep our current credit rating and so certainly we’re not giving up on that. And so we’re going to be continuing to look for ways to manage to our current credit rating while we maintain our earnings outlooks that we’ve committed to you all to achieve. So I wouldn’t say that our current credit rating is going to necessarily fall down a notch but our commitment is to maintain investment grade.
Drew Marsh: Right. I mean, we will also endeavor to maintain our earnings outlooks and so that’s going to be the balancing mechanism.
Drew Marsh: Sure. This is Drew. It’s going to depend mostly upon the amount of cash that’s ultimately returned to customers because that will represent sort of incremental rate base. If there is some of the excess ADIT that turns into accelerated depreciation of existing assets or is put into sort of pay for assets that we were already planning to put into rate base and then that would be kind of neutral. Right now, we would expect that we would grow the rate base by a little over $1 billion after the three years. And then also what we already have.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So we ended 2017 with about finishing trust assets around $6.1 billion and pension liability around $8 billion. So we’re at about 1.9 differences in that.
Drew Marsh: It will. But it’s not improved all that much. I want to say it’s improved by $50 million to $60 million. The rates have been going up but the pension discount rate at the end of the year versus the end of the prior year was still lower because as you know corporate spreads have tightened, curves have flattened and most of our liabilities are longer dated. So the liability went up more than we were anticipating despite the fact that we had strong returns and $400 million of contributions into our pension last year. And by the way, we would expect to put about $400 million in this year as well.
Drew Marsh: Well, that was – this year will be the end of a five-year effort to put $2 billion of incremental assets into the pension trusts. I don’t know that it would necessarily we could continue but that is something that we’re investigating.
Drew Marsh: David, we don’t have one currently established. We would need to go get authorization with our board but also with the SEC to make that happen. We would anticipate that probably occurred in the second quarter or so.
Drew Marsh: Yes, well, it’s said at the end of the year and so it’s a once-a-year snapshot and so you compare it to 12/31/2016 and – versus 12/31/2017. And if you look at that time frame sort of a 10-year treasury, it actually come down a little bit even though the front end and shorter term treasury would come up. Meanwhile, so you had to flattening of the curve and then you also had corporate spreads, which had tightened to that. So using a longer dated curve, corporate rates were a little bit lower than what they had been previously. So that’s those are the two comparison points.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So this is Drew again. On the industrial side, I would say that we have – we’re kind of middle of the road on our expectations for industrial growth. It’s for our large customers, it’s based upon our expectation for projects that we can see under construction right now through 2020. And what our expectation for them is in the marketplace. So I’d say that fairly middle-of-the-road expectation on industrial. For residential and commercial, there may be a little bit of near-term opportunity in 2018. But beyond that, we expect that the effects of automated meters and getting our customers better information about how to manage their energy usage would allow them to be more efficient and conservative on the way that they actually use their electricity. So we have actually built in an expectation that over the longer term, we would expect to see a decline in residential and commercial sales.
Rod West: Yes, the conversation around taxes has slowed down our negotiations. But to the point that you just raised, we still feel good about our ability to settle the FRP. And our regulators, they issued the accounting orders as sort of a flag post to account and track the – how the tax reform would flow through that FRP before we close out the settlement discussion. Just keep in mind that our objective is still to resolve the issue to have rate effect changes happening in September. As it relates to the nuclear cost embedded in the FRP, I’ll have to get back to you on the actual numbers. I’m not sure whether we’ve disclosed a specific nuclear number in the FRP filing. But I’ll make sure that David gives a specific number if it’s public.
Rod West: Well, remember we talked about that in prior discussions. The nuclear issue is less of a – had been less of a conversation in Louisiana. Our focus because of the size of our capital plan has been around transmission conversation. So nuclear is a much smaller component of Louisiana’s capital plan and as a result hasn’t been a line item, if you will, in the negotiation. So it’s been less of a I’ll just say less of an issue.
Rod West: Michael, I think the straightforward answer is the revenue requirements because of the lower tax expenses is less and as a result you’re closer to your allowed rate of return that you’re not having to worry about the carryover year-over-year for true up. So you’re actually earning allowed ROE in the year because of tax expense is presumed to be lower.
Rod West: No, tax rate goes down. The revenue requirements, that is the amount of revenues that are embedded in our rates don’t go down. Remember, we are over. And so all I’m saying is the overage that we wouldn’t be earning on that would be subject to a true up is actually less in 2018. And so we’re actually earning closer to our allowed rate of return because of the taxes that we’re not paying that the over reach is not as great as it would otherwise have been.
