Andrew Marsh: Sure. So I'll talk about the time. This is Drew. I'll talk about the timing first. We have been working on this a long time. But we just got the recognition from Moody's in the past week or so as I mentioned. And so, we are still early in the assessment of what the overall impact means. I pointed to a couple of the early elements associated with it. We expect to complete that this fall. It could be sooner. I would say probably no later than EEI. But it could be sooner than that. And as it relates to something like the share count or specifics around size, I don't have those kinds of details available to give you today, other than to say, we believe it'd be meaningful, it'll be a meaningful change. In terms of the evaluation, which is I think part of the question that you had in there, we still want to make sure that we are hitting our earnings and credit expectations. We will still need to issue a little bit of equity to do that. But the opportunity is much more robust in front of us now. We think it's been significantly de-risked. We have a lot more confidence, as I said, in our ability to execute. But we don't have specifics that we can give you today. A couple other sizing or I should say evaluation perspectives, one is that as we have talked about extensively, we have a significant growth opportunity ahead of us. And we want to make sure that we have the capacity to invest into that opportunity as it materializes. And then, Moody's specifically also talked about SERI and our ability to manage that risk as it's presented right now, specifically around the uncertain tax position case. And their perspective was that we should be able to manage that risk and still meet the expectations around earnings and credit. And so, we want to make sure that we have that capacity built in as well. And of course, we still believe that we're going to be successful in SERI. I know that wasn't really a question. But if that doesn't materialize, that would be incremental opportunity for us to invest in the business.
Andrew Marsh: So, Julien, this is Drew. In terms of the big puts and takes, I mean, I think the first thing is just sort of the back of the envelope math, in terms of what the - how much put and take is out there. And when you go from 15% to 14%, given the size of our cash flow, it's somewhere in the $1.7 billion to $2 billion range. And it is sort of growing over time. So it's a lot of extra capacity. And what we are considering in terms of the building blocks, I think, as I mentioned, I think there's probably 3 big ones, right? One is, now, okay, so how much incremental equity do we really need right now, that'll take up some of that capacity. One is, how much opportunity is really out there for growth in the commercial industrial space, as we ramp up our ability to work alongside our customers to manage their Scope 1 and Scope 2 positions. I mean, those are probably the 2 big ones. Then Moody's specifically talked about our ability to manage identifiable risks that are out there. And they pointed to SERI specifically, and if you take the ALJ's recommendation around uncertain tax position, that's in the ballpark of a little over $500 million. That could be a piece of capacity as well. Certainly, we are very comfortable in the way that we are positioned in that case. And we can go through that. And we have in the past, as you know, Julien. So, I mean, I think that is additional, something that we're thinking about as well, making sure that we have the capacity to manage that risk like that. And that Moody's was pointing at that. So, I mean, those are the 3 things. And, we certainly had a forecast before this ruling last week that said, we were going to hit our earnings expectations, we were going to hit our targets on credit, those are still the case. Now, we have extra capacity to do that and manage through these new opportunities and these risks. So it's incrementally better for us, because it really de-risks our ability to execute.
Andrew Marsh: I'm sorry, I didn't hear that, Julien. What was the question again? That's certainly something that's on the table for us still. But we are looking at - we're sort of stepping back and thinking about, “Okay, so what's the best way for us to proceed, given that we have this extra capacity?” And so, we want to think through it a little bit before we proceed with any specific financings. And once we get finished with that, then we will start moving forward and communicate with you all about what our plan is.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, so we were very comfortable in our guidance and outlooks before, just to be clear. And this - the fact that we don't need to issue as much equity starts to move the earnings per share up. So that is a driver for helping us move to the upper half of the range. And that in the additional confidence that we have, because we have now had additional flexibility to achieve this earnings outcomes and the financial flexibility that we have available to us now. So the combination, I would say of those 2 things that allows us to, say, we think we're going to be in the top half of the range with some work to do to refine that for you all going forward.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, Jonathan, that's a good question. Certainly, that is a possibility now, we have pleaded our assessment. But that is something that we would consider if we could do it. We're mindful of the so-called equity overhang. We understand that. And so we're thinking about that is definitely a consideration as we're doing our assessment.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, so I mean, I can't go out right now, because we haven't got that information available. But our expectation is to drive steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth. And to the extent that we want to be steady and predictable that might imply what you're looking for.
Andrew Marsh: Well, this is Drew. I think that we are early in our assessment is probably the best way to think about that. So we got the news, that we got the recognition last week. And so we haven't completed our assessments about, what this might mean for us going forward. And, I think, what we wanted to get you early out there that we see ourselves in the top half of the range, we have more work to do around that we have a couple of things that need to factor into the analysis like you just discussed with Leo, around the growth potential that's out there, there are a couple of risk items found there that we want to make sure that we haven't had to manage. And if we can manage through them without using that capacity that's incremental capacity is available for us. But, yeah, I think you're looking at the right thing. There's a good opportunity for us out there going forward.
Andrew Marsh: No, not right off the bat, because we still have some expectation of having some capacity to manage risks that are out there. But I do fully expect us to utilize some of the capacity for sort of the capital formation changes that we were just talking about and for some of the growth opportunity that we're talking about. So I wouldn't say goes all the way down to 14%, unless some of those risks were to materialize, but that's not what we're trying to do right now. The idea would be to get pass some of those risks, and then maybe we reassess whether we go down to 14%. But I don't think it would go all the way to 14%, right now.
Andrew Marsh: I think, I have one more thing. From an Entergy perspective, I don't know that we're going to change Entergy's perspective. I mean, I think we're talking about going from 15% to 14%. The Entergy - our Entergy view is going to be well above 15%. I think, we may still actually stay above 15%, either Moody's addressed down closer, between 15% and 14%. But we may not actually amend to the Entergy target, we are still working through that.
Andrew Marsh: Well, I mean, talk about the SERI order first. Yeah, I could the first part of that uncertain tax position in the sale leaseback we expect possibly by the end of the year, but more likely into next year. Yeah, it could be in the first quarter, it could lead into the spring. So yeah, we're getting closer on that. But I don't think we need that to start thinking about what we might do differently. We might be mindful of that as an ability to continue to hit our marks. But I don't know that we necessarily need that to get started on our changes in our capitalization plan.
Leo Denault: Jeremy, I'll just add to what Rod said, there are 2 advantageous components to the hydrogen piece of this. One is certainly in the environmental space, that hydrogen is a cleaner fuel. The other is that what we are going to end up with at the end of the day is a dual-fuel unit. It'll be able to run on natural gas, or hydrogen, or any combination in between. And so, if you think about resiliency, that optionality provides not only environmental benefits, but an added level of resiliency, which we've all seen is something that we need, as we start to deal with weather events.
Leo Denault: So, Steve, that's a good question. There's a couple of growth opportunities that we're assessing right now. One, as I mentioned in my script, which doesn't have to do with your environmental benefits, necessarily, is part of it is. The assessment we're doing a resiliency across the system, which could lead to more T&D investment going forward. So that's an area that that I did want to point out, the assessment of that, in conjunction with what's going on with infrastructure in Washington, could be a combination of your rate base assets, plus some costs that are actually picked up by the states and the federal government through potentially infrastructure bill depending on how that all works out. The big opportunity, though, and we've been talking about this for a while, obviously, the size of the emissions footprint of our industrial base. And if you just go on the internet look at our industrial customers are, and look at their websites, they all have sustainability objectives that many of which are public. And so there's a couple of ways for us to help them out. One, what we already do when they provide electricity from us and some of the cleanest electricity in the country. So their Scope 2 emissions are lower. To drive those even lower, we've been discussing things like green tariffs with those customers. And that really makes the deployment of our renewables more efficient. And so, for example, we've got that solar facility that we got approval for in Arkansas, filing a green tariff in Arkansas, we already have customers like Walmart, who want to talk to us about taking a slice of those facilities, and make the deployment of those more efficient, in a way that could accelerate our investment in renewables. If there's a large uptake of that, particularly if that spreads over into our industrial customers, which we're already having discussions with them on that. Then the big opportunity is exactly what you said, is to attack their Scope 1 emissions. And that really is getting outside of just merely adding generation to the system for technological improvement. Now, we will be adding for load growth. And so you can think about it as its new load with new sales for new processes that today are not electrified, that would provide us the opportunity to deploy assets to help them meet those objectives. And primarily that could not only accelerate, but increase the size of our renewable footprint going forward. We're in the early stage of assessing the size and timing of that. So we'll be laying out more as we go. But it would be rate base additions to meet regulated utility sales for things like using natural gas compression on a pipeline today, electrifying that if you're using fossil fuels to - for compression LNG process that can be electrified. If they're co-generating with highly inefficient and high emitting generation on-site today that could be electrified by us or utilizing green tariffs or to the extent that we develop hydrogen over time that could be part of that mix as well. So it's a pretty significant opportunity that that we're in early stages of investigating rather a lot of discussions with our customers about what their needs are.
Leo Denault: Certainly, we'll have update on what opportunity-set looks like, what we're thinking and how it's evolved by then. The good news about the opportunity that we were just talking about is that it's a pretty long runway opportunity. It's significant opportunity that's got a long path. As you imagine, our customer base is going to be reducing their emissions over time. Some of them have, for example, their own net-zero objectives. Some of those might be as early as 2035. Some of those go out to 2050, that sort of thing. So, it's a significant opportunity that's got a long runway. So we'll get to the early parts of it as it develops. So it's kind of thing we'll continue to update. And as I said in the answer to Steve's question, it's really a load growth question and then the resource mix that we acquire to meet that load, which, again, the objective is clean energy. So it'll probably have implications for what you see in the generation mix.
Leo Denault: Well, obviously, cost is going to be a factor, our load rates factor into it. And we certainly need to continue to help our customers be competitive as they go forward. It's going to depend on the process, for example, Shore Power is the exact same opportunity, where you've got - a ship pulls into dock. It's burning diesel fuel, to keep the lights on while they do maintenance on the ship before they go back out into the Gulf of Mexico, for example, to help with oil services out there. When we electrify that ship, we not only reduce their emissions, which was the original discussion around it, but it does lower their cost, because the trade from our electricity to diesel fuel is positive. So it does 2 things for them. It lowers their cost and it improves their emissions, both of which make them more competitive as they bid for offshore work. So it's going to be a combination of all of those things.
