William M. Mohl: Sure. Well we certainly saw an uplift in those markets from both the real-time and the forward perspective. So yes, I think you're right, Julien, that, that's been driving that. And so that's had an impact on improved pricing for that area.
William M. Mohl: Sure. We got, obviously, 2 paths in that. So we've got the actual certification docket this before the nice deck at this point in time. And we expect a decision on that probably sometime in 2015, but, also, remember that we have the waiver argument in front of the NRC, that we probably wouldn't get a ruling on that until all of the renewal litigation comes to a close, so that would -- it's probably even beyond 2015.
William M. Mohl: Paul, it's -- that's -- some folks, I mean, regulatory proceedings is -- I mean, we're a regulated industry, that's what we do, a regulated company. I mean, we have procedural schedules around the ITC transaction. We're working with the staff, as a matter of fact we had a, I believe, a schedule in conferences yesterday around the Louisiana rate case. And I think we have a schedule to move forward relative to that case. There are also specific timelines around the EGSL, ELL rate cases in terms of getting a decision out of those cases. So we don't believe that the workload is obviously as challenging to all parties involved. And -- but thus far, we've seen the willingness from parties to work through various cases and work through what we view as efficient timelines as it relates to getting decisions within a meaningful timeframe.
William M. Mohl: Yes. That's right. It's we're able to use that asset not only to kind of hedge ourselves from our -- with the nuclear fleet that we've got, but it's also provided some good opportunities, especially with what we saw in the first quarter of this year, to be able to capitalize on that market up there. So I think Leo is right, we've got to focus on, kind of, getting the portfolio to a position where it's -- it looks like it's sustainable from a long-term perspective, and then we'd decide what the next steps, strategically, are, whether to add to that portfolio or to, potentially, somebody else had -- would consider that portfolio. I mean those are the options that we constantly look at. I mean, each and every day, we're looking at how do we make it more efficient, how do we make it more profitable, and what are the options on the table to achieve that.
Leo P. Denault: Let's take those 2 separately. So as you think about the LHV zone, we're cautiously optimistic that that's going to be put in place in the summer of '14. Obviously, there are some steps to follow through on and that's not finalized, but we remain optimistic that will happen. We see that as, obviously, providing an uplift in those capacity prices for that zone. It's really hard to say, but we're probably looking somewhere in the range of $2 to $4 KW month as it relates to that. So we're bullish on that issue. As it relates to the reliability contingency plan, obviously, we're engaged in that overall effort. Our point of view, quite honestly, is that Indian Point remains the most cost-effective resource to meet the reliability needs for the state, and especially for New York City. We've seen a lot of projects that are being proposed. Obviously, we're looking at each of those. A couple things you have to keep in mind, all of those projects are going to be more expensive than the alternative of continued operation of Indian Point. And majority of those projects are in the early phases, so they have to be permitted, they have to be licensed, they have to be financed and they have to be constructed. So we will continue to, kind of, work down that road, but our point of view is the best option out there is Indian Point.
Leo P. Denault: Well that -- I guess, that's always on the table. So we are always willing to engage in discussions that are mutually beneficial, but obviously we couldn't -- can't comment on these specific discussions at this point in time.
Leo P. Denault: Dan, the -- I wouldn't characterize what we did in the process when we were reaching out to everybody after we announced as trying to find compromise. We would characterize that was to get a good handle on their concerns, and I think we did. And as I pointed on in my script, the kinds of things that we see in the testimony that has come in so far are the kinds of things that we would have anticipated, and actually, they're the kinds of things we've talked about with you and others over the course of that time. So there really -- it really wasn't trying to find a compromise, it was trying to make sure that we were listening to them and that we understood what they were going to be concerned about, and as it turns out, we got, I think, a pretty good handle on that. We don't think it's a bridge too far, obviously. And the bottom line here is, at the end of the day, we believe that this transaction will provide lower costs of delivered energy to our customers, and you can read that to mean lower rates for customers over time. That's going to come about based on everything that I mentioned in the script, as it relates to limiting congestion, improving reliability and access to more generation that would have happened in the alternative. We realize it's difficult to paint the picture here versus what we painted in MISO, because MISO is based on a system that exists today. If you think about all the types of issues we had to deal with when we were trying to prove up the case with MISO, as it relates to the transmission system that exist and the limitations around that, the single path through which SPP was trying to argue we couldn't get to MISO. All of those things were because the transmission system that exist today is what you are dealing with. And while it has with it inherent problems that people can point to the transmission system that exists today and how that works, it's easy to look at. You can model it, it's there. The intent of the ITC transaction is to put in place a structure that will create a different transmission system. The benefits that arise to the customers of Entergy and across the region are because a different transmission system will exist at the end of the day. So it is a little bit more challenging to convince people because you can't run a model on today's transmission system with today's generation and come up with $1.4 billion of benefits. But it's not impossible to see that future because that's exactly what congress and the FERC intended when they put in place the structure that brought about a company like ITC coming into existence. So it's very easy to see where those benefits come from. It's very easy to see that a new, different constructed transmission system across regions planned a little bit differently by people who are not market participants who create the kinds of benefits that we talked about. But the difficulty is that we can't point to the system that exists and run the models. Well that's the whole point, it's to get a new system. So it's not a bridge too far, it's just an education process that we have to go through, it's a regulatory process we're going to have to go through. I think what we've seen throughout the process is everyone is open to hearing what we have to say, the technical conferences, the stakeholder outreach, all of that, has gone very well. Had great questions from everybody, we've got testimony now, and now, as I said in my script, begins the real process of figuring out how we'd bring it across the goal line, but we do not think it's a bridge too far.
Leo P. Denault: If we don't -- if ITC does not operate the system, if they don't own the system, then all of it, the value that comes from true independence, that interaction with market participants, it's different than what we would do, that planning across scenes which is different than what we would do, that planning done by a, as we would described, a super-regional transmission organization, it's just not going to happen. The transmission system of the future that congress and the FERC envisioned when they put all of this in place isn't going to come about. And so, that's -- those are customer benefits that would not be realized. But because the system is going to be planned in large -- it will be planned differently than we do it today under MISO. But MISO doesn't own the transmission systems, so they don't do the actual bottoms up planning. And they're not in the same position to have the desire to create that cross-customer boundaries, cross-regional boundaries, cross-RTO schemes, that ITC will.
Leo P. Denault: Steve, I'm going to let Jeff Forbes, our Chief Nuclear Officer, answer that question. I don't know that Jeff has had the opportunity to talk to you before, but...
Leo P. Denault: Then, Scott, I'll -- just from a historical standpoint. Obviously, we always have planned liquidity capital structure and all that. Not at a single point estimate, but with the idea that things could turn out better than we thought or worse than they thought, et cetera, things like the way our dividend policy has been sent out of the utility as opposed to total earnings and how we manage liquidity, as I mentioned, $3.8 billion of liquidity at the end of the first quarter. So I think the bottom line is, it's better when the prices are higher and the margins are bigger, but we plan to be able to withstand when or not. It doesn't mean we don't do anything about it when or not, but that's kind of a historical perspective.
Leo P. Denault: This is Leo. You shouldn't, I mean, it's really just a cost allocation. I appreciate your understatement of, " rather complicated," but it is -- it's really more of the way system costs are shared, not -- and so it's not really anything where you should see an impact.
Leo P. Denault: Paul, it's just like any regulatory process. We're starting to see what everybody else is putting forward. If there is room for settlement, that's always more expeditious and sometimes more efficient. So if there's a potential for that, it's certainly something that we will pursue. And so at this point, I wouldn't say that you can make a call, but it's more likely to go to litigation -- to a fully litigated proceeding or not. We're just starting to see what everybody's position is, but settling it might be the more efficient way to go about it. And certainly, that's something that saves time, effort, money on everybody's part. If you can get that done, you don't have to go through the whole process all the way to the end. And I think, quite often, all parties have a desire to see that occur.
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure, Julien. This is Theo Bunting. As what it means to us, if you read the context in which this was discussed, it was really about jurisdictional concerns, which, obviously, we knew going into this, there'd be jurisdictional concerns. So, I mean, we take this question much as we have all other questions around jurisdictional concerns and issues that have been raised in that context that resulted best from a procedural perspective was that it extended the discovery period but did not extend the overall in-date in terms of a decision from the Louisiana commission. And as we go forward through that process, we will obviously address any additional questions that may be raised as a result of this and respond accordingly. But again, it's not something that, quite frankly, we view as an issue that is dealt with any differently than all issues within the context of this proceeding. We'll address it, we'll answer the questions. We believe the transactional structure is the right structure, we believe it's the right party, we believe it's the right time. So we continue to appreciate the benefits and value associated with the transaction structure and obviously that's something we'll have to continue to work through and convey the benefits associated with that structure to all parties and ensure that they understand that.
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure, Paul. First, I guess, I'll start by saying I don't believe SIRI is a party to the System Agreement. So from a SIRI perspective, the elements of the System Agreement, I would not expect to have any impact. I mean, obviously, there is a SIRI-owned Grand Gulf, and there is a life of unit purchase power arrangement out of Grand Gulf back to various operating companies. But SIRI, in and of itself, is not a party to the System Agreement. The exit of Arkansas, as you said, is contemplated at the end of 2013. Mississippi, I believe, at the end of 2015. And obviously, as we've worked through the MISO process in Texas, there is a condition around System Agreement notification as part of that process in Texas. At this point in time, the agreement, it's contractual relationship among the companies and there is typically an 8-year notification period to exit. And the agreement, in and of itself, has parameters and provisions. It provides, basically, tariff schedules, that sort of thing. But, I mean, the companies will exit as the dates have been defined, thus far. We will continue to work through what is an efficient exit timeline as it relates to Texas as part of our commitment under the MISO change of control in Texas. And we expect to move forward with that as we've said we would, and the change-in-control conditions in Texas.
Theodore H. Bunting: Paul, I mean, I'm not -- I can't sit there and tell you if there is specific financial impacts that you see. I mean, obviously, the agreement is a FERC-regulated document to various operating companies have provisions in place today that allows the costs associated -- that result from that agreement to be effectuated through the regulatory process. Obviously, as those costs go away, they go away as you would see any other costs. And so it is an agreement that, again, moves it -- kind of governs the inner -- these intercompany transactions. And it's not an agreement, per se, that as companies exit, that we would expect to see a detrimental impact on Entergy Corporation.
Jeffrey S. Forbes: There is -- there has been engagement on the part of the NRC through the entire timeframe since the event happened. They've had inspectors that have been on the ground reviewing the operator response and the actions that we've taken to address the event, and I really don't see any risk moving forward with that.
Jeffrey S. Forbes: Yes. I wouldn't characterize it as we need their approval to restart. But absolutely, there are steps to -- when we review the data that we've compiled. And our approach and strategy to ensure that there's no lasting effects on this when we review that with them. We have conducted some of those reviews already.
Jeffrey S. Forbes: Yes. First of all, I'd say, just to put this in proper light here. This is not a new issue that you need to Palisade, it's a generic issue for the industry where all pressurized water reactors or modern reactor vessel. The public information, I think, has generated confusion on the risk here, there's a, sort of, premature shutdown of Palisades in 2017. I would just say that, that's simply not the case. Here's a very structural process as you referred to the alternate methodology, and we're following that, we will be doing inspections on the reactor vessel in the fall of this year and then folding that into our calculation. And we -- our preliminary look at this would indicate that there's a very low -- extremely low probability of there being any meaningful technical issues with that process.
