Andrew Marsh: Okay. Good morning, Roselynn. This is Drew. I’ll take the first part of the question and then I'll turn it over to Bill, so first part of the question was, it's a $0.20 of IP2 included in the affirmation of the outlook. In the overall consolidated number, it is included and we do believe there are things that will get us back into the range. For utility, parent and other of course that's separate from EWC. So, we wouldn't include IP2 within that.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew again. So it's going to be the bulk of it in the second quarter, because most of it as I said and my remarks was net revenue and we are not expecting that plant to come on toward until near the end of June. So that's basically the entire quarter is going to be loss from net revenue perspective. The refueling outage expenses are going to move across the new fuel cycle and it's a little shorter than it typically is. It's usually I guess 23 months or so and it's now going to be probably a 20 months. So it's - I don't know seven or so cents associated with that most of that maybe $0.05 will show up in 70 into the amortization. So, maybe a penny this year and maybe a penny in '18.
Andrew Marsh: Okay. Thanks Jonathan. This is Drew. So there were a couple of things that broke our way in the quarter and some of things that were determined and some of the things were timing. So in EWC there was some mark-to-market and elements that they came in about $0.04 of that and then about $0.03 of volume as we actually ran better in the quarter before the outages, the planned outages took over. So, we actually were about $0.07, $0.08 ahead at EWC versus our previous expectation. The balance of it that was the utility some of it was - are the bulk of the O&M savings that we saw above expectation. We're in the fossil area as we came through the outage fees and then we actually did much better than we have historically and then the balance of it as you referenced, there was some conservatism built into the Arkansas rate case. So that was justified right at the very end, we did lose 5 million of comp, but that’s spread out differently than we built the conservatism into our case. Some of those Fukushima and floor barrier cost were not part of our expectations for the quarter, but we're able to stay in, in that final order and then some timing elements were for the period between February 24th and April 1st went in our favor, but they ran our overall expectations. So that’s more of a timing shift between periods. So that’s really the bulk of those items and so hopefully that helps close the gap for you a little bit.
Andrew Marsh: I think, it’s a big piece of how we're able to maintain guidance on Entergy overall. As you know on the utility side, our adjusted utility, parent and other, it doesn’t include taxes or weather. And so for that part of the business, we're solidly saying we're right at the midpoint, but when we go back to the overall consolidated business, we have the big one-time outage at IP2. We have the negative weather and then of course the prices of EWC. Those put us down there or below the bottom of our range, but with the expectation that we would get some benefit out of taxes. Possibly I said as early as next quarter, we think we're going to get back into the range, so it’s too early to make that call now.
Andrew Marsh: I mean I think it's consistent with whatever the market is. So I don't know a little bit below 3 bucks.
Andrew Marsh: Okay, so the effective date of the order was February 24, and Bill went into effect on April 1st. So we had modeled it so that we would start collecting the revenues on April 1st, but the accounting ultimately allowed us to accrue it during the first quarter. So I think there was a little bit of timing switch there, that was may be $0.05 then I am sorry.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. And then the other big piece was the $0.06 of the regulatory assets that we got from Fukushima and flood barrier pieces and that is kind of a one-time deal that is the breakout.
Andrew Marsh: No, I think we were expecting to collect that over the remaining quarters. So I don’t think there is going to be any extra opportunity there from the rate case on an annual basis.
Andrew Marsh: I think Leo pretty much summed it up in his opening comments, I think it was clear based on what is seeing forward as relates to the docket the question refers to exactly what the commission's intent was and the stated we have a perspective as to what we believe - that’s where hopefully that’s where we will see it go when they do hopefully bring it up again on the 28th.
Andrew Marsh: The big driver is we've seen an uplift in LHB pricing. So approximately couple of hours KW month that's probably about a $48 million impact on positive side, so that's offset some of the commodity energy pricing and energy price decrease we've seen.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew and I'll just say that's going to be a big topic at the Analyst Day here in a few weeks and we are trying to give you some framework around that. But we are still getting our hands around, our performance improvement plan and of course as you know (Chris) has just been here for a couple of weeks. So he is getting his hands around as well. But I think the important thing for us is that at the same time we are doing now. We're also looking for opportunities to mitigate that in the business. And some of them you've already seen show up. Things like insurance rebase or lower interest costs, because the interest rate environment and then we have some O&M opportunities that we found that with and the first quarter like the powerful outage management something like that. So there are opportunities that we have identified to begin with the offset that. Obviously we're now done looking for those. But at this point we see if we can manage those costs within the framework of the expectations that we have look at and outlooks right now.
Andrew Marsh: They are currently the same. We just got the report the initial report I guess on A&O. And we're looking as we have mentioned for the letter from the NRC. Once we get that we'll have a better idea if there any incremental risk associated with A&O. And Pilgrim's inspection we expect it to be sometimes in the second half of this year. And we'll have better information then. So as if now those costs are the same in fact.
Andrew Marsh: Paul I mean at this point we may have to get back with you in follow-up. But I don't I'm not sure it's been move forward enough for us to get a I think the perspective as to how it impact that. But I mean that I don't we don't see that having a major impact on us at this point. But again we will follow up with you if in fact that just different. But again it's just fairly generic and so we get more specificity relative to that. We don't necessarily see it having an impact on that.
Leo Denault: Yes, as it relates to the number of bolts and the timing of the return of the unit, we're still in the process of completing the engineering as to the specific number of bolts. However, we do have the equipment onsite and are in fact, replacing bolts as we speak. That was a little long lead time item. But we are in the process of doing that right now and obviously are working very closely with the NRC. So we get concurrence on our analysis and final repairs.
Leo Denault: Michael, that's - I guess I was giving you a little bit of a teaser of what we wanted to talk a little bit about at Analyst day. So if I let Theo go off on that now I'll take away that surprise. But the fact of the matter is we are in the process of evaluating a lot of that right now. Certainly getting the meter technology on to the system is the first step along with all the back office systems in meter data management systems and likely go with that. So that's in the near term that's what we are talking about. Some of these two - extended out beyond that 2018 timeframe that we're talking about.
Leo Denault: Sure Stephen. This is Leo, I think when we think about those two particular classes, we continue to see impacts from energy efficiency as we've talked about on previous calls both kind of federal type programs as well some of our local energy efficiency programs that we see in our jurisdiction. In terms of what we expected, I mean given some of the economic data that we utilize and to try and forecast sales, we did see some economic weakening in the first quarter and somewhat expected that. So while I do agree it was fairly low for the first quarter, it was a little bit below our expectations, but it wasn’t necessarily a big surprise to us and as we go forward throughout the year, we expect to see that to come back as we look at gross stake products and regions that we serve particularly Louisiana and Texas, we see that’s starting to kind of fill out and began to trend upward and we think that will help move those growth rate by more typical level but again energy efficiency will continue to have an impact on our residential and commercial sectors.
Leo Denault: I think as we go forward, we have - we continue to monitor various variables and inputs relative to that and we'll talk more about at our Analyst Day. But clearly what we saw in our first quarter we are going to continue to monitor what we expect for the remainder of the year make adjustments as necessary, but what I'll also say is given where we are as it relates to sales growth we brought, we did consider that and our reaffirming of our guidance. And so, we feel like we'll continue to evaluate it. But I feel like we will still as it affects us going forward will not take a side of our guidance range at this point.
Leo Denault: Thanks Praful. The main thing to keep in mind is the same three criteria that exists today that have always existed. Anything we do would need to be consistent with the internal plan that we have right now. And as you know we have a lot of organic growth that is happening because of the modernization of our infrastructure in both transmission and generation and then some of the things that we've talked about as it relates to new technologies that we can deploy whether it's the solar RFPs et cetera that I've talked about or the advanced metering or what's become next. So we've got a significant organic growth opportunity and working through the investment plan the financing plan and the regulatory structure of around that to make it beneficial to our customers first and for most of our undermined. So anything we do would have to be consistent with that objective or with that strategy, so that's the first screen we go through it's what would help as if now whether it's cash flow balance sheet other growth opportunities technological synergies et cetera. Secondly, we would want it to be translatable something that we know we can have a really chance of getting done both through counterparty engagement price that make sense to us on whatever side of the table we would sit out and regulatory execution. And three it cannot distract us from doing number one. we don't want to have a couple of years of not doing the growth organic growth that we have today while we try to do something that supposed to help us to get that done. So those three criteria continue. And the way we look at it. As you know we evaluate this kind of thing on a regular ongoing basis as it comes up, we'll obviously let you know. But we still look at it at that way there is nothing to change in regard to that.
Leo Denault: You do have - the objective we have as I stated in my remarks around strategies to reduce footprint of EWC and we have done that rise Vermont Yankee and told FitzPatrick to follow and the plants that aren't supported by the market or that are and no longer fit the portfolio. As far as the operating plants just lump I think Indian [ph] point and Palisades in together, you certainly can currently today they are not in the same situation necessarily is the other plants as far as being cash flows positive if they are not operating versus cash flows positive if they are, remember when we made those positions around those faculties we worked at three different things. One, what is the NPV of the facilities that may get positive, two, what is the near-term cash flows burn rate positive or negative and three, how does it change the risk profile of the company I think we achieved our objectives with all of those including the rise sale around that and we continue to evaluate the other plants in this similar manner. The difference being obviously the PPA supports the cost structured, Palisades and the market supports the cost structure at Indian [ph] point. As far as any kind of opportunities that we will have around those facilities outside of the decisions we've already made. I can't really comment and wouldn't comment on that. Just because once we start down that path our strategy or our policy has just not comment on those sort of things. But like I said we are looking at those in the same way from an MPD cash flow and risk stand point. What our options with those facilities and we will pick the one that we believe creates the best value for us stakeholders and again as the MPD positive to run versus whatever alternatively become that will be a major driver. Cash flow positive or negative particularly in the near terms. One of those alternative or to run the plan and third it's the there's a change to risk profile and obviously our GU is big, making that footprint smaller doesn't prove the risk profile of the company and then last thing we always need to look at it's the execution opportunity is a company, similar to what I discussed on the question around M&A. These are lot of things we could do, we had to make sure anything we do is executable both with the counter party. Our own point of view and through the regulatory process.
Leo Denault: We already, as I mentioned we are building the 1 megawatt plant with battery storage here in New Orleans, we dealt to three facilities in Mississippi. We are not building the plan our consult. But we are having excluded by our contract for the power out of that. So we already participate in that arena and we would continue to look at those sorts of things going forward because we think that's again as I said my prepared remarks that's a way for us to continue at resiliency away for us to continue to add good service to our customer, high reliability, more a beneficial environmental foot print. It's largely to get cost, right, because we do value the fact that our pricing is lower than majority of the rest of the companies United States won't stay there.
Leo Denault: So for the first thing I would say Paul is that obviously we - standpoint closely of FitzPatrick the right thing to do and we would have loved further to have been a way around that, if the economics could have been different and we've for example we've been promoting a clean energy standard in New York that would include nuclear plants for several years. And the reason obviously that we do that is wanted the right thing to do from a public policy standpoint and it certainly the right thing to do from an environmental standpoint from an energy price standpoint for the markets reliability the whole nine yards, And we've been promoting it for a number of years because obviously these things must take their course in the regulatory arena and then in the legislative or legislative or if the courts and obviously you can always expect there to be intervention into anything that comes up and these things just take a long time to develop. And so right now there is no nothing in place, we don't know if there was something in place what it would be, we don’t know if we knew how restructured what it would provide, we don’t know if what it provides it would be enough to support the economics plant. And we don’t know that the timing of it could ever be done before, we had to make the decision to ahead and refuel which then recommend to several hundred million dollars of losses so, we are out of time. It is not that we against any of those proposals in terms of on their face other than I would say that obviously we believe there is clean energy standards in New York that includes nuclear, it should include all of the nuclear plants. And we commend for the efforts because we think that is the right thing to do and we would have been proposing it for the last couple of years but I mean you hit the nail on head on this point of no return aspect it is not in place, we don’t know what it is? We don’t know what it will provide? We don’t know what the economics would be for it run its course again we get to the point we're unfortunately we likely out of time. So anything that says we are opposed to clean energy standard in the like we are not we have fully those all along again we do thing that should incorporate all the plants in the state. We would be - all plants in the country actually to be consistent but right now there is nothing in place that we could look at, that would provide us the opportunity to change our decision.
