Leo P. Denault: Yes. For the next couple of years, we expect it to be about a negative $0.20 to $0.25. And then after that, it would trail off to about -- excuse me, millions -- sorry, $20 million to $25 million of net income impact, and that trails off to about $12 million.
Leo P. Denault: There are several ups and downs in there. We'll have the line item drivers for you on a slide at EEI.
Leo P. Denault: I'll answer the second question first. No, it doesn't affect our tax positions. And on the first question, we did learn quite a bit, because we did the detailed study of Vermont Yankee. But it doesn't change our current expectations for funding or expense at either -- or any of our remaining of nuclear facilities.
Leo P. Denault: Yes, Julian, we plan to continue to use the same hedging strategy we have in the past, keeping in mind that there are certain limitations, depending on what the market offers. But -- so we continue to use a number of structured products. Those structured products change -- a number of counter-parties change, but we're still working to maintain that optionality in the book.
Leo P. Denault: Yes. So we have seen more a lot more activity in terms of proposed projects. Our expectations on pricing associated with capacity really hasn't changed. We think that for the rest of pool in England, that's still somewhere around an $11 cone. We do expect ISO New England to put in place the SEMA pricing zone that has -- will hopefully be resolved by the end of this year. As it relates to pricing in that specific zone, where RISE and Pilgrim reside, that will depend on the amount of capacity that's actually bid. I think you're familiar with the rules up there, in terms of limitations on capacity pricing for insufficient offers, that type of thing. But we are somewhat bullish in that area, but it's going to -- the final pricing will depend on the amount of capacity actually bid in FCA 9.
Leo P. Denault: Yes. So with rest of pool, there's a slope demand curve. I don't believe that slope demand curve has been implemented in SEMA, so we would revert back to the insufficient competition, which would go back to net cone.
Leo P. Denault: I don't think our overall point of view has changed. You've got the Spectra Northeast Utilities JV, you've got the Northeast Energy direct. And you have to keep in mind that those have not been subscribed. So we believe that, that could be a challenge, just given overall economics. So we believe, at least in the foreseeable future, nothing is going to change significantly. We'll continue to see a lot of volatility up in those markets. And at this point, those projects that have been proposed are very questionable, from our perspective.
Leo P. Denault: Stephen, we've had a number of discussions with various representatives of the state, but obviously, we continue to aggressively pursue our legal paths. But I think, that's all I can say at this point in time.
Leo P. Denault: Angie, I don't know if I can comment specifically on the dollar value. I think, from our perspective, what we see is that for '15, it's in line with our POV, '16 maybe slightly lower than our POV and that widens as you move further out in the curve. So essentially, I don't think our point of view has changed much from what we provided you earlier in the year.
Leo P. Denault: And I'll just add that we've got lot of AFUDC in the earnings this year, and so you're not going to see a big pickup next year when that plant comes online. It'll be maybe $0.05 or so.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, Neel, I think, we were hopeful to see that actually change for this winter. Frankly, we were disappointed with the fact that they rolled the existing plan forward a year. But I believe, FERC gave made some pretty clear guidance on that issue for the '15, '16 winter timeframe needs to be addressed. So we are hopeful that we see some progress there that we move beyond something such as the oil backup reliability to a more market-based approach, which properly values all resources that have adequate fuel supply.
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. So we see it as -- we have -- as we've talked about in the past, we have a portfolio of activities going on with the IRS and at the state levels. And it depends on the timing of audits and things like that. So next year, we see 32% to 34%. Beyond that, I think we are still talking about a statutory tax rates in our guidance and our aspirations and outlooks and those types of things. So that's where we are for now.
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. So it was a little bit elevated. We have a couple of big tax payments coming up, I think that's probably part of it.
Andrew S. Marsh: No, what I was referring to for 2015, when we provide that guidance on the fourth quarter call, we would expect, at least, as we look at it right now, we'd expect the tax -- the effective tax rate reflecting that to be in the 32% to 34%. As we'd talked about 2016 as an outlook, we've been talking -- we've been using a normalized tax rate for that time frame.
Andrew S. Marsh: Off the top -- it's probably -- I can't remember the exact number, but it's around half, I think. I mean, roughly half. We usually give a rule of thumb around interest rates and if you're trying to get to that $70 million increase off of our expectations for pension expense this year, you're not going to make it. And that's why we're talking about that piece.
Andrew S. Marsh: I think we'll have to get back to you. I don't have that -- honestly, I don't have been that in my head, Paul, in terms of what that reconciliation would be, but we can follow up with you on that.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, yes, we're going to call that operational earnings next year. There will be some special items associated with Vermont Yankee next year and that related to the decommissioning activities themselves, but it will be a small amount, and we'll highlight it. But on an ongoing basis, we will be living with the decommissioned facility. And so we're going switch that to operational.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as we look at where we sit with the trust and the expenses and our financing strategy associated with all of that, we believe that we won't need to contribute anything to the trust. But that is -- we have to still submit, here at the end of the year, our post shutdown decommissioning activities report to the NRC and then they have to sign off on it. So as we look at it, today, we think that we're going to be just fine. But we still have to go through that process.
Andrew S. Marsh: I think the Vermont Yankee mostly was and some of the pension piece was. But interest rates have fallen further since then. And so I think the pension expense is probably up a bit since then.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, so we've been looking at that particular slide. We've gotten a lot of questions about how to actually make that more useful. And so we're rethinking it. We're not going to update it right now and roll it forward another year because we haven't completed -- it's a '13 to '16 view, and so we want get through '14 before we roll it forward. But we're still trying to figure out how we want to use that slide, if at all, or if in a different format going forward.
Theodore H. Bunting: Well, I mean, yes, I'll add a little bit to that, Leo. I mean, you made a comment in terms of the path about our transmission spending. I mean, if you look back in 2010, we were probably spending somewhere around $280 million or so in transmission. I think if you go forward, we've kind of more than doubled that. So obviously, our level of transmission spending is increasing, as it relates to MISO. MISO does have the study out around their voltage and local reliability and mitigation that could potentially drive transmission investment as well. We've gone through the MTEP process for 2014. There were some projects that were identified within that process. That process will also occur in 2015, and you could see some projects that were proposed in 2014 become part of the 2015 MTEP process as well. But yes, I think one of the major drivers for us may not be so much MISO, but as Leo mentioned, just the transmission associated with the economic development opportunity that we have. If you look at our EGSL, ELL business combination filing and some of the details and how we talk about some of the opportunities that might require transmission investment within the context of that. So while there could be opportunities relative to MISO, I think we see our transmission opportunities somewhat broader than that.
Theodore H. Bunting: Dan, I'm not -- this is Theo. I'm not sure I understand your question in terms of situational. But yes, I think, when we look at where we are, from an industrial growth perspective in the quarter, I think it's coming from where we would somewhat expect it to. It's primarily coming from expansions in the kind of the petrochemical refinery area. And that's what we really expect it to be at this point in time. If you look at one of the slides, I'm not sure exactly which number it is, on the 1,700 megawatts we laid out at Analyst Day, I think in terms of completed and signed projects, we're about 300 megawatts. And so we're really just getting started in that regard. As it relates maybe to the second part of your question, in terms of maybe changing expectations, I think, we, right now, we still feel good about the $3.05 to $3.75 earnings growth through 2016. And while we continue to firm that up in terms of what we see, as it relates to the 1,700 megawatts, obviously, we see movements in, we see movements out. We're still comfortable with that. The question of multiplier effect, the issue of potential energy efficiency impacts on the underlying intrinsic growth, we still think about. But with the puts and takes and ins and outs, I think from our perspective, we're still comfortable with the $3.05 to $3.75 at this point in time.
Theodore H. Bunting: I don't think we're really seeing the impacts of the multiplier effect at this point. Again, I mean, if you look at the slide, we've only got 300 of 1,700 megawatts that are signed and completed. I think, if you look at, historically, other areas where they've experienced, I wouldn't say this type of industrial growth, because I'm not sure anybody's experienced it in recent history, but some type of industrial growth. Generally, the lag that you see, in terms of multiplier effect, happens maybe within a year, couple of years, 1.5 years after, you really start to see the impact of the industrial growth. So we're not quite there yet, and I think that's still to come. We'll see more signed than completed projects as we move forward into '15 and '16. And so I think you'll start to see the impacts of kind of trickle-down the multiplier effect, more so '15, '16, time frame. But again, we're also going to continue to see impacts of our energy efficiency programs, as those are broad, within our service area.
Theodore H. Bunting: This is Theo. I mean, clearly, there is a demand element to most of our larger industrial contracts, and that's probably about as far as I'll go as it relates to that. A lot of those contractual arrangements differ from customer-to-customer. There are rate tariffs that are in effect for some of those service contracts. We also, in some cases, we get facilities charges relative to the particular customer. But clearly, there's kind of a little bit of a demand-based type element to rate structures when you talk about those types of customers.
Theodore H. Bunting: This is Theo, again, Dan. It's something that our regulators have historically looked at ways on a hedge volatility of gas -- I'm sorry, I meant Steve, I'm sorry. I still had Dan Eggers on my mind for some reason. And as a matter of fact, the LPSC has an open docket right now to look at long-term gas hedging opportunities. And one such opportunity might be to invest in gas and ground. And that can provide an economic long-term physical hedge for our customers. So yes, it is something that, historically, we've had discussions with regulators about, and I think, we'll continue to have discussions around.
Theodore H. Bunting: I guess Angie, I'll answer the question, in terms of impacts on rate base. The asset that was written off was not in rate base in the Mississippi jurisdiction. So, no, it would not have any impact on our views of rate base going forward. It really wasn't, I think you used the term plant. I wouldn't describe it as a plant. I would really describe it as more of some additional -- some early stage cost associating with permitting and licensing processes as we were looking at new nuclear opportunities in earlier years. So clearly, not a plant that was in service, per se, and not an element of rate base. So we'd not expect it to have an impact on our views of rate base growth.
Theodore H. Bunting: Michael, this is Theo. I don't -- right off the top of head, I don't have specific number, as it relates to revenue requirements around Ninemile. We'll probably have to get that for you later. But clearly, we would expect that any rate change relative to that would go in effect at the time we see the plant coming online.
Theodore H. Bunting: No, I think -- again, Michael this is Theo, what we have arrived at in agreement in the stipulation is an FRP with what we call forward-looking features, which does allow us to look forward, to some extent, to kind of calculate and set what we would view as revenue requirements associated with the period of time in the future.
Theodore H. Bunting: Not certain. I'll have to get back with you on that. I don't -- obviously, we're going to operate within the formula rate plan constructs that have been in place in Mississippi for years. I mean, that's what we would expect. And my recollection is they don't necessarily have specificity as to whether you can get a rate increase. By the same token, that formula rate plan has -- obviously, it goes both ways. You could see rate decreases. So I'll have to verify that. But just off the top of my head, I don't believe there's any specificity in the stipulation around not being able to obtain a rate increase, or on the contrary, not necessarily having an -- experiencing a rate decrease.
