Kimberly Fontan: Hey. Thanks for the question, Jeremy. Good question. Our current expectation is at least 50% or better from an owned perspective and that’s what’s assumed in our outlook.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. That’s certainly something that we are looking at. Recall that a lot of our investments on renewables are in the back half of the decade. So we certainly expect to see benefits from IRA in that period and we will talk more about that at Analyst Day. But we do think that the IRA provides upside, as well as reducing the need for tax equity partnerships on that front.
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Shar, for that question. I will start with your O&M question. The drivers for 2022 were really around our flex levers, which includes both pull-forwards and onetime items like the enhanced customer assistance program that we talked about earlier this year. The pull-forwards give us ramp to pull-forward things from future years and de-risk future periods. The other impact from 2022 was inflation, as you noted, and we were able to cover that in 2022 through the increased weather and volume that we had in the first three quarters of the year. That said, we have included a level of inflation in our forecast for 2023 and we expect to meet our outlook as said, and we cover that with continuous improvement opportunities that we have been working on. As it relates to your interest rate question, I think, at Analyst Day, the outlook was about 5%, we -- or 5.25%. We have increase the interest rate expense to about a little less than 6% on the long-term debt and about 5.25% on the shorter term debt and that’s included in our outlook. That said, our treasury team has done a lot of work over the last few years who would help mitigate exposure to potential rising interest rates by refinancing long-term debt in the periods of lower interest rates to help us offset in future periods.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Thanks, Shar. There’s no new news on this front. I know we had talked to you about the value difference between private capital and public capital markets, and to the extent that we can capitalize on that, and there’s a difference there, we would be compelled to do that. But there’s no new news on that front at this point.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. Good question. As the slide indicates, we don’t expect the corporate minimum tax until 2026. That’s not being offset in 2024, 2025. If you think about how that’s being calculated, it’s a 3-year historical average and then we can replace book with tax depreciation. So that enables us to not expect to have a minimum tax until 2026. That said, to your point on the graph on the right, we do think that we have significant opportunity on the nuclear PTCs. But it is dependent on the gas and the power prices and where those are at the time. But those do start coming in, in 2023 and 2024 and so we would expect those to come in earlier than that corporate minimum tax. And we will work with our regulators to provide benefits to our customers, but also offset the effects of that corporate minimum tax when we do have exposure to that.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Good question. There’s a number of both pull-forwards, as well as inflationary items. It’s hard to get to the specific number. But from an inflation perspective, we are seeing that more in -- you see it in fuel, you see it in chemical type costs and then we see it on the capital side and less so in the labor market side. But we have included an ongoing level of inflation. And then if you think about the flex side, we have long talked about flexing up when there are opportunities from whether in volume or other things that happen in the business and that’s really what you are seeing on the other side, opportunities to spend where we can support our customers and our stakeholders.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. The -- we have been working in the Arkansas area. The continuous improvement will help us in that space to reduce cost. We certainly look at and watch to see -- try to stay under those caps so that we are both managing the affordability for customers, as well as obviously, creating value for all of our stakeholders. We will -- but we believe that we will continue to work inflation and manage that with continuous improvement. The specific number that we would file in Arkansas next year would still -- is still being developed, but it will certainly take into consideration of inflation.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. That’s a good question. We do plan out over a long-term and we are looking for growth -- we watch the growth that’s occurring. Our plans include a significant amount of renewable investments as you suggested. I think we have 14 gigawatt hours to 17 gigawatt hours in our -- over the longer period in investments. We will add baseload generation, smaller units to the extent that they are needed to support reliability and ensure that we continue to meet the needs of our customers. But near-term, Orange County is the project that’s on the plan.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. So it certainly seems -- I think the last year of the FRP is next year’s filing and so we would have to go through a new either rate case or renewable of that FRP. And we work with the commission to get outcomes that support the needs of the business and so that’s what we would be planning for in our outlook.
Kimberly Fontan: I think I’d have to look specifically what it assumes, but it certainly assumes that we work constructively with our regulator in order to move us further up in that band.
Drew Marsh: It’s consistent with where we were. Sorry, Jeremy, this is Drew. It’s consistent with where we were at Analyst Day.
Drew Marsh: And Shar, I will just add one thing on that last piece. We have a lot of cash expected to come in. Kimberly mentioned that we are intending to exercise the equity forwards and then we have the securitizations, which we should be finishing up over the next several months. Those two things should alleviate some borrowing needs in the next near-term, I should say.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. And Paul, this is Drew. I will add that the inflation effects, they are touching us. We are not immune to that, like, the rest of the industry. The places where we are seeing it start to creep in on the labor side or Kimberly mentioned the commodity type effects. And so we are also seeing, what I would say, in commodity services area. So vegetation is a big area where we have seen inflation and so we have been ramping up, as you mentioned, our continuous improvement efforts to offset that, because the inflation piece doesn’t go away easily and so there are continuous improvement efforts are ramping up to offset that over the next however long we need it. And we are finding actually good success in the offset. So we are very comfortable that we are going to be able to manage through the inflation effects that we have seen so far.
Drew Marsh: And we are a little over the cap for what’s coming for the formula plan this year. So we are above the cap already there.
Drew Marsh: And certainly, I think, Orange County is an example of how we would approach it with hydrogen capability defined, because of the long-term need to make a potential transition or a targeted transition, I should say, to clean energy where our customers are taking us. So that would be part of it. I think, Michael, in the near-term, we don’t have a need for incremental capacity that can offset that. But certainly, if the demand -- the energy demand accelerates, then we would certainly need to look at that. And right now, I think, we are looking at sort of the back end of this decade is, where we start to see the need for additional capacity, either from storage in some form or perhaps natural gas converting to hydrogen over the long-term.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. So you are referring to the fact that we have sort of been at the bottom of our band in the formula rate plan. Is that what you are…
Drew Marsh: Right. Right. Well, I think, we continue to work with the retail regulators around options to be -- to get more efficient recovery, particularly as we begin to ramp up things like resilience. In our resilience filing, you will see that we have a request for more contemporaneous cost recovery. We have put in place more efficient riders for transmission and distribution investment in Louisiana. We will need to get those extended. But those are the kinds of tools that we have been using to help manage the lag that we have seen in Louisiana in particular.
Drew Marsh: … any new mechanisms that suddenly pop up in the forecast. We have -- we are assuming that we have the existing mechanisms in place. But we will need to get better mechanisms in order to hit all of the financial targets that we need to hit, particularly the credit metrics that we are targeting going forward.
Drew Marsh: And Ross, I will just add that, that theme around the LNG with electric drives and having a cleaner product, is not unique to LNG. We are seeing that in other industrial processes where folks that, particularly if you are putting in -- they are putting in new facilities, they are trying to electrify as much as possible. Some of the existing facilities will electrify over top of it. If anybody is putting anything new, whether it’s in metals or LNG or petrochem or whatever, they are looking to see if they can electrify those industrial processes that normally, probably, would have been handled through fossil fuels. So that’s an ongoing thing that we are seeing across a broad spectrum of industrial processes.
Drew Marsh: Sure. Sophie, this is Drew. I will tackle that. Certainly, the settlement, Rod, referenced the settlements that we have in Mississippi and we are in conversations with others to see if we can find a global event. Prior to the work that we are doing right now up at FERC and all the different proceedings that we have, w went -- I don’t know, couple of decades without significant litigation around SERI. And I would expect that once we are through this, it will kind of go back to that natural state. We will have to see. But certainly a strategic alternative around with that is something that we consider, but we would not have an option around that until we get through the litigated settlement. And so if we are able to get through the litigation, then we could consider something like that, but that’s -- if we go back to a normal run rate, I don’t think that would be the best option for us. So we will have to wait and see how this develops, but certainly, until we get through the current conversations up at the FERC, we wouldn’t be able to go forward in any way on the strategic front.
Rod West: No. I think that makes the point. The message we sent an Analyst Day around the back half of the decade, representing the lion’s share of the growth, and even at Analyst Day, we showed what sectors we thought would populate that growth as well, tying in our industrial expansion with the electrification and ESG concerns of our customers. So we ought to leave it at that.
Rod West: Hi. It’s Rod. The short answer is, the stakeholders in the State of Louisiana all have expressed an interest in resiliency. They certainly understand the demand after several stakeholder engagements between reliability and resiliency. The commission in and of itself, obviously, is always going to be interested in how we pace it. And certainly, given the sensitivities around the current economic environment, how does this ultimately impact customer bills. But I think the -- as we stated in Drew’s opening comments, it’s very clear that the lessons that we learned from NextEra is also highlighting the work that we have been doing to get the alignment around the need for accelerated resiliency spending. Obviously, the decision is going to ultimately play out through the resi -- after the resiliency filing when the LPSC sets a procedural schedule. But the homework that we have done to-date all the way up to and including the most recent lessons learned from our friends in Florida, all informing our bullish point of view around the need to do this. We are not in a position to tell you in advance or to get ahead of our regulators, but we do believe we are making good progress on getting a line amongst our stakeholder group.
Rod West: It’s Rod again. No new news that I can communicate publicly. I can share affirmatively that we are actively engaged with relevant stakeholders and trying to contact a settlement and find common ground and I can only report that, that work is ongoing, but nothing public.
Rod West: Sure. It’s Rob again. The short answer is, yes. All of the above is part of the analysis. And you wouldn’t be surprised to hear us say, the conversation -- we expect the conversation to go towards cost benefit and risk reward. As you think about the location of where the risk of high winds versus high water shows up, it’s different depending upon what portion of the region you are talking about. But in Louisiana, they are definitely taking into account the benefits of undergrounding, which historically has -- the benefit has been that the frequency of outages with underground facilities is lower. But when there is some type of disruption, the duration is longer, that is after you tend to overcome the initial upfront cost of undergrounding, which in our service territory has historically been cost prohibitive. What’s different now, given some of the, I will call it, the positive recency bias with storm experience, we -- and certainly, some of the cost -- potential cost improvements and benefits of undergrounding, it is part of the conversation.
Rod West: Yeah. It’s at the core of most of the conversations we are actually having with our LNG customers. We noted the recent earnings call for Energy Transfer on the Lake Charles LNG project where they are spending the gamut in consideration of the electric drives, gas compression, as well as a carbon capture. But across the landscape, we are seeing the expected acceleration of development of the LNG projects in the service territory. And we remain bullish as are our customers, notwithstanding the current economic environment. I think Drew alluded to some of the structural benefits or advantages that those customers have, and that’s continuing to show up, not just in the expansion, but also in the ESG components of the LNG expansion as well.
