J. Wayne Leonard: Well, I'll let -- Leo and his team has been working on this. But I think one of the things that we kind of emphasize, that given the uncertainty in a lot of these marketplaces and the environmental regulations and other types of things that we almost have to go back -- one of the additional things we're doing is going back to when we tried to form an axis. And our opinion at the time, of course, it was -- these businesses don't belong together for a number of reasons. They're financed differently. They have different credit metrics, things of that nature. But then as power prices have fallen and things of that nature and credit metrics and credit quality become a real issue for this on a stand-alone basis as it's structured for the wholesale business. and -- but nonetheless, we still believe it should be separated from the utility. So one of the other options is to look at transactions or assets or whatever that impact positively credit quality, so we can get back to maybe at the notion of separating the 2 businesses rather than focus just on a functional adding power maybe at something else. I'll let Leo to have expand on his thoughts on the idea.
J. Wayne Leonard: Theo Bunting is really heading that process up as the CEO of our Utility. But Dan, I don't think there's anything structurally that's holding it up. Our commitment is to put on the strongest possible case in an area that is kind of new to a lot of the parties to the case, and we want to make sure that we fully support and emphasize how important this is. We're bringing together 2 companies, Entergy and ITC, along with a number of outside experts, who believe very strongly and have evidence to support why the independent model is so much better than how we're doing it today. And just bringing all the different points of view and testimony together, it's clearly everybody's on the same page and it's clearly, there's a -- to the commission and other intervenors on the case has been a little more challenging probably than we might have expected. We thought that we would be able to make our first filing in Louisiana near the end of this month. We gave ourselves kind of another week to button everything up, and we're just not quite there yet. Now, Leo and Theo are having meetings this week to try to resolve any issues that we feel like are not supported as well as we want. To get that analysis and the testimony to -- typically the way we would do it or ITC would do it when you just do it on your own. So it's nothing structural, it's just complicated when you involve more parties, and we want to get it right. Theo, anything to add or...
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, I think, like Theo said, we need to get the order out of the commission. Hopefully, it will undo some of these what we think are inappropriate adjustments. But, it won't only just be for the outcome, it will be tone set in the order. Hopefully, it will give us some guidance, that will be instructive at which way to best to proceed. And obviously, we want -- we don't want to start a war with the commission by going one way if they would prefer another. We're hopeful that they will acknowledge that this does not give us the opportunity to earn a fair return and they will fix that or give us a strong guidance on how to fix that ourselves.
J. Wayne Leonard: I'll let -- Theo is maybe closer to it. But as you know, in this interest rate environment, I suspect there isn't a commission on the country -- you don't have, at least, one commissioner who's bringing the issue up as it appropriate. It's a good question. Obviously, interest rates are much lower than we're used to and the -- in like Louisiana specifically, we really have not heard a lot on the issue, we do have one commissioner who more outspoken on it. But again, it's fairly,[indiscernible] I think across the country. But Theo, why don't you...
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, I think the discussions I had been involved in, I think, it's actually been very encouraging. The regulators have been very interested in trying to understand more. When we proposed a similar -- actually, I guess, it wasn't all that similar 2 years ago, it was hostile environment with regard to some type of divestiture of the transition system. They have -- the questions we've gotten had been very much on point with regard to how things will change. The overall feeling seems to be that they -- given the amount of merchant capacity we have in our territory, given some of the feedback that they've gotten from some of the merchants and some of the extensive audits and -- that we've had relative to merchants, some of the merchant's concerns and other concerns, they understand that this needs some sort of resolution other than continuing to try to just regulate this thing to debt. Separating, it resolves all those issues and eliminates this -- any perception along with it solves a lot of problems for Entergy with regard to credit quality and that just lowers rates for customers and assures reliability. And we've had really good dialogue, I think, with the commissions. And the big concern -- the biggest concern that I've heard is to try to explain exactly how giving that jurisdiction, the FERC would have ultimate authority on how they maintain authority to execute their job assuring reliability at a fair price and all those type of things, and they don't want to end up just as another intervenor at FERC. And so that's kind of, I think had been working through the process, trying to make sure that, that doesn't happen. That's really the issue with them, but again it's been very constructive.
J. Wayne Leonard: I think Theo is getting a good introduction here to his new job, but he's, like we've said before, he's certainly up to the challenge and probably the most knowledgeable person we've ever had in this job, so we'll let him prove it right now.
Leo P. Denault: Yes, Steve, the bottom line is if you go all the way back to the kinds of things we would have been looking at the time we came up with the separation concept, a lot of those ideas haven't gone away. As we've always looked at that portfolio, ways to grow the business, ways to protect the business, way to enhance the credit quality of the business, ways to provide liquidity of the business, we continue to look at all of those kinds of opportunities whether they involve internal moves or transactions-based ideas, and really could run the gambit of ways to improve the credit quality, improve the margins, improve the valuation and to make sure that we continue to protect not only the parent company but the Utilities as well.
Leo P. Denault: Well, you're really, Steve, just to give you all an indication of what's going to drive 2013 and beyond, and the timing of when those things actually show up during the year as much as anything else.
Leo P. Denault: Well, we updated the guidance this year obviously. We had the possibility of both positive and negative items in the tax arena. We knew we were working obviously on the settlement, but at the same point in time, we had the appeal of the foreign tax credit decision, which had already been lost in a different jurisdiction at a different district for which we had provided the reserve last year. So that could have been the positive that you saw this quarter because of the win. But if we had lost that case, it was a significantly larger negative possibility. So we had indications around both of those things, but they were unknown at the time and could have gone either direction. There's always a few things in the hopper, as you know, based on the size and number of the positions that we've got in front of us at the moment that may or may not turn out, may or may not happen, could go to litigation like the foreign tax credit case or could be settled. It just depends on where we are on the audit cycle and what issues are available there. We had taken some of that into consideration when we reset the guidance, remember the $0.22. I think, we characterized that as other in the improvement. In the original guidance, some of that was taken into consideration tax items that may or may not occur. I think we've mentioned that at the time.
Leo P. Denault: Well, obviously, we haven't -- we didn't have any stock repurchases in the quarter. We've completed $150 million of the $500 million of authority that we have at the moment, so it's $350 million less. Just philosophically, the way the repurchase program works is based on the results out of EWC and/or any kind of transactional-based results that we have, for example, if we sold an asset or what have you. The dividends usually paid for by the Utility, so that's the construct around it. And depending on what capital expenditures are, the cash flow may or may not be used for that. So for example, at the end of last year, when we acquired the RISEC plant, we spent over $300 million on that plant. That part of what goes into the decision-making process around the repurchase. So I guess at the moment we haven't done any recently, we typically don't signal what we are going to do, but just philosophically to know that transactions and/or EWC non-utility earnings, that's where the buyback money comes from.
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, I would like to add something, Dan let me -- I agree with a lot of -- all of the things Wayne said. The other thing I think you need to consider is we're doing this in multiple jurisdictions, and we're trying to do this on a manner that would allow us to make those filings in those jurisdictions with not much passage of time between filings. So obviously, we have to think about how do we ensure we incorporate all of items need to consider relative to those jurisdictions so that when we start that process, we don't get any significant slowdown. I do think, as Wayne said, there's still some things we need to work through. We'll be working through those things over the next few weeks, and we'll begin that filing process.
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure. Craig, as Leo mentioned in his opening comments, obviously, on the residential -- let's start with the residential side first. We are seeing some impacts from still a fairly strong economy in our region, especially when you compare it to what's going on nationally. Also, I think, you have to think about some of the things we had last year that didn't necessarily repeat themselves this year. We had certain events last year that had a dampening effect on sales, for instance the flooding we had from the Mississippi River that reduced sales volumes. And also, I think last year, we had fairly extended periods of extreme weather, high bills and generally customers respond to that. So we probably had some amount of customer response relative to bills last year. And also I think, Leo mentioned the fact that our -- may have mentioned the fact that our billing cycles this year for the quarter had a few days beyond what we would have seen last year as well. And all of those things really coupled together had some effect on the year-over-year change. And if you back and if you look at the residential growth year-over-year last, it was actually slightly negative. So given that, we saw a fairly robust change year-over-year. But again as we have said earlier, I think, we still fundamentally feel like we're -- where we -- about where we expected to be at this point in time relative to sales. In terms of industrials, I think at the chemicals, that continue to show fairly strongly in terms of segments in the second quarter, and a lot of that is relative to facilities expansions. As we go through the year, we'd likely see some of that moderate as we're kind of seeing those expansions and when they hit in various points in times in prior years. There are, obviously, we do get outages in certain areas in terms of customers, bringing their facilities down for various reasons. And that can move our industrial sales up and down as you compare period-to-period.
Theodore H. Bunting: It sounded like you had a number of questions there, Julien. I'm trying to get though them. Yes, I guess the first thing I would make sure we well understand is where we're at today is we basically have a kind of proposal for decision. It's not an order from the commission. And that's still forthcoming. And part of that, obviously, what we would do relative to that would have a lot to do with what comes out of that commission order. I would say it's not unusual in Texas for the commission to not accept all aspects of a PFD. And as Wayne talked about earlier, in terms of various riders that are in place today, in the current rate construct in Texas, obviously, those will be opportunities for us given once we know the outcome of the case itself. And obviously, to talk about what we might do and whom we might do it at this point in time is probably a little premature because we don't have the outcome of the case yet. The capacity rider, it's in a rule-making phase, and we are working and we'll continue to work to move that along. Also, as Wayne mentioned in his opening script, the big part of what's the issue in the case, as it relates to the recommendation of ALJ is capacity. And if in fact, just assuming for a second that we don't fundamentally give what we believe is appropriate treatment relative to that, and we would obviously like to -- and try to ensure that we move that rule-making along in order to get proper alignment of the regulatory construct in Texas with what we fundamentally believe is appropriate and what's taking place there.
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, I think also one thing that you will note in Louisiana. I mean, that issue has come before the commission, at least, on maybe one, couple of occasions and they just not moved it along. And as Wayne said, I think we have one commissioner there who is very interested and looking into this. But I think you also have to consider, and I think, they have to consider interest rates is really just one input into that the entire process of defining what's an appropriate ROE. You also have to think about risk premiums and you also have to think about the fact that there's a legal standard around what is the appropriate ROE. And ROE basically should be set such that you can maintain the financial integrity of the company, you can raise capital on a reasonable term, such that the Utility can discharge its public duty relative to the customers. And in this period of time, we're seeing fairly extensive capital investment across the Utility industry. And I think regulators really need to think about and consider all of these elements as you think about what is the appropriate ROE for Utility.
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes. Stephen, I'm not sure I was -- the audible level of your -- it's fairly low. Let me see if I can repeat your question on which you were asking. Were you asking us to, in the MISO proceedings, are we getting questions around the ITC sale and/or -- just want to make sure I understand what your question was.
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, and I made a huge mistake. I said sales, it's not a sale. It's just been merged. And I hope I don't think I used that term in my testimony that I plan to file. But in any case, It does come up from time to time, but we try to make sure folks understand that they are separate processes, they're separate transactions, they're separate steps. Obviously, we need to get to MISO to an RTO in order to effectuate the ITC transaction. And as we've said to many regulators, I mean, we are focused on getting in MISO and getting to an RTO. And that's part of the reason, I think, why you've seen some passage of time and some separation as it relates to the filings around the ITC transaction is that we are -- we're trying to work through within the various jurisdictions that MISO process. And moved the various commissions along and other parties to get through that MISO process and get on MISO approvals, but it does come up from time to time.
Theodore H. Bunting: I mean it's pretty mature to talk about that at this point. We don't have an order out of Texas. And so until we get an order and realistically see where we are, we'll evaluate that and make an assessment as to what is the appropriate time to file.
