Leo P. Denault: Well, the net impact wasn't that significant. You've got the consolidated tax savings. Those adjustments are all net to 0 just shifting between Utility, EWC, Parent & Other. And the impact of all the other adjustments was pretty close to 0 as well. So the overall effective tax rate, if you look at that, is 36%.
Leo P. Denault: Well, on the year-to-date basis, the big issue that we have is the IRS tax settlement, which effectively turns a temporary difference to a permanent difference. And that was the big third quarter adjustment that we have. Other than that, we make all of those consolidated tax adjustments in the fourth quarter, so those are all embedded in the year as well. But the big item for taxes for the year was the IRS settlement. That's the $382 million that I mentioned. But in the third quarter -- but then you also have the offset because of the regulatory sharing agreement of $199 million in the same quarter, which impacted the Utility segment's revenue.
Leo P. Denault: Yes, there is. It's about -- in general, our pension, our liabilities are about 75% of the Utility and 25% is the EWC portion of that. So in all of those things, when you're looking, whether it's a cash flow statement or whatever, that's the general rule of thumb.
Leo P. Denault: Well, what -- the way pension -- net pension expense runs through the regulatory mechanisms, such that it's a cost to service. So what we'll see is anything that has a test year, for example of 2012, will include the pension expense that we recorded in 2012.
Leo P. Denault: Either the formula rates were in the 60% or so of the business, where we have those or in rate cases when they -- whenever those are a test year.
Leo P. Denault: It's basically a reset of the liability based on a commitment we made to the state when we acquired the plant that we would review the cost of decommissioning at this time. So it's a commitment we made to the state of Vermont that we would reestimate what that liability is, and so we're actually just making a change in the liability going forward, based on changing assumptions mostly around interest rates, escalation rates, et cetera. And so that reset of the liability runs through the income statement in the period which you do it. Going forward, because the liability is lower, there is an impact between now and the end of the plant's life. But it's not a big number like this one, it's as much smaller number. So it's not really the kind of thing that you're going to notice one way or the other going forward.
Leo P. Denault: We had some -- I'll try not to use the buzzword for it, but basically when we finished up the 2009 tax return in 2010, there are some adjustments made to what we actually filed versus what we would have estimated at that time, and that those are made in the fourth quarter. That happens every year. It just happened to be a little bit more significant last year at the Utility.
Leo P. Denault: Well, we don't really disclose targets of where we're trying to go with those. Our metrics have traditionally been very strong within our ratings category. Our debt-to-capital ratio usually hovers around that 55%, debt-to-cap on a gross basis. We focus mostly on maintaining a significant amount of liquidity to manage the business, both the needs of the Utility but also obviously within UDPWC. But typically, we strive for and we accomplish cash flow metrics that are reasonably strong within the ratings category we are to. But we don't give out specific targets or anything like that.
Leo P. Denault: Well, the 6% to 8% objective included the transmission business. We haven't done anything as Wayne said, to reset what would look like once we accomplish the spin and those are obviously, they went through 2014 anyway. So we really haven't -- we don't really have an update on those. We'll look at those as we go forward. Certainly the transmission business is a -- has a lot of capital associated with it, but so does generation. The biggest CapEx to depreciation spread is in transmission but the biggest numbers are in generation.
Leo P. Denault: I think it's -- I think, yes, yes, I think it's in, like I said, it's in the range of what good regulators should do and all the times across the country, you've seen regulators react before the filings and we haven't seen that with our regulators and we appreciate that.
Leo P. Denault: Well, the guidance range that we provided, Greg, excluded any repurchases similar to the guidance range that we gave last year. So within that same set of assumptions, which includes no buybacks, we would point towards the bottom of the range.
Leo P. Denault: The commodity prices are a factor as they relate to free cash flow. And so that's a factor that's considered. There's -- I wouldn't want to imply that we are preprogrammed to take an action on that regardless of what's going on there. So to the extent, obviously, the cash flow's better, that gives us more flexibility to the extent that it's a little bit tighter because of where the commodity prices are and then that's going to give us pause. Because it impacts not only our cash flow and our liquidity, but certainly we've always got to keep an eye on credit metrics and all of that. So it's certainly a major factor in the buyback, particularly given the fact that the buyback is really geared towards distribution of capital that comes out of the commodity-based businesses at EWC.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well we've had a lot of discussion among ourselves about what we think what they may or may not do. And if there's 4 of us in the discussions, there's 4 different opinions on what they may or may not do. So the -- I'm not going to speculate about that. We expect that they will follow the law. We expect that they will follow the record at some point in time in this case. I expect that there will be pressure to let the appeal... get the appeal, exhaust before they make that decision, but we're just going to have to wait and see, first of all, whether the state decides to appeal.
J. Wayne Leonard: Steve, it's Wayne. The -- we wouldn't want to discount that or commit to it. We have another round coming up, a visit with regulators, and it actually starts next week, and have better insight into where we stand at that point in time, so ask me that at our next conference.
J. Wayne Leonard: No, that's going to be a long time before that gets resolved most likely. We had the -- if you're talking about the deduction that we took, actually I think on the 2009 return associated with the decommissioning liability at the Northeast plants, that -- by the time that comes up to audit cycle, by the time we get through review and wherever that's going to go, it'll be quite a while before we have resolution unless something comes up to settle it sooner.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, to the extent that we had resolution, for example, in the recent tax settlement, those things -- the recent IRS settlement is kind of an outgrowth of all of that. There was a combination of benefit from the tax positions that we took plus we utilized about $2.5 billion of the NOL at that point in time. So those do get taken care of as we run through resolution of those issues to the extent that there is a reserve against those.
J. Wayne Leonard: We would still see ourselves in that band at the amount of repurchases we've done since then, plus the current dividend. We're already at the bottom end of that. Commodity price movements, the acquisition of RISEC, things like that impact the distributable cash flows and how those will work. And recall that from a buy back point of view, we're really focused -- the buybacks come from either the EWC business, the commodity-market based business or unique events like asset sales or things like that. So we still see ourselves in that range but arguably with today's commodity prices that puts us down in a range rather than up.
J. Wayne Leonard: It has happened. And we've done some of these in the past but there's no schedule for some of those plants at the moment. This was something that we did as a result of our agreement with Vermont when we acquired the plant. So typically, there's -- if there's some rationale for doing that, you'll go through that process. But right now there really wouldn't be for the other plants.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well yes, I'd mentioned that we planned on at least 2 rounds with our regulators before we make our filing to make sure that we're addressing all the issues that are on their mind. We've had the first round. Rob and I are doing this personally. The second-round starts next week. But the main issues, as you are aware, we haven't really heard any immediate reaction from our regulators publicly. They've reserved judgment until they see the filing. Obviously they've heard over the last 2 years from a number of parties that in technical conferences that they believe independence is paramount to our system particularly given the magnitude of the merchant generators. They've heard that over and over and over again. So I think the details of how we would plan on proceeding with this, what impact it may have on customer rates, what impact it has on their own authority and ability to influence the construction plan, things of that nature, they're going to want straight answers to those questions. And we think we've got good answers for those questions. We wouldn't have done the deal. But we'll, like I told Steve, I think the Steve Fleishman earlier, I'll reserve judgment on that until this next round, and see if that after they've thought about it, new issues arise. I don't expect new issues to arise. But again, the good news is that they have not come out with a premature opinion of the transaction. They're waiting to see exactly what we filed and that's what the regulators should do.
