Kimberly Fontan: Yes. From a capital plan, we did get $1.9 million approved. We had $900 million through this outlook period. Of the $1.9 billion approved, about $1.5 million of that is in that same 3-year period. So that's an increment of about $700 million for Louisiana. The Louisiana portion of that $900 million was $800 million. So that's an incremental $700 million. How that rolls out through the capital plan, we'll update all that at the Analyst Day along with the effects of the rider and any other changes to our capital and our financing plan. 
Kimberly Fontan: We don't see any needed change in equity. We had already reserved a substantial portion of the income tax or the deferred tax effect for New Orleans. We did increase that, but the return period is a pretty long period, and so there's no material effect on the outlook period. 
Kimberly Fontan: And Jeremy, just to add to that for the $0.15 for this year, you can think about that specifically as our historic industry along the Gulf Coast, and those industrial customers are online and taking power currently. 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. As far as the $411 million that is included in our capital plan from a protection, it's a technology that's been used elsewhere and certainly just not necessarily in this area along the East Coast. And certainly, it's expected to be resilient in heavy winds and storms. 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nick. When you think about the Mississippi Data Center, it ramps up over time. So you're not going to see a lot of that in the 3-year outlook period. We can talk more about what that means over the 5 years that Drew referenced at the Analyst Day. But you're right, when you think about AGM on that sort of customer, you are also putting in infrastructure to support it. So you saw a shift in spending in the fourth quarter update, where we added incremental renewables, for example, in Mississippi, because those investments and the associated costs associated with those investments will offset some of that from a bottom line perspective and then financing costs for those type of things as well. But again, you'll see most of that effect outside the 3-year outlook period. 
Kimberly Fontan: We certainly have regular conversations with the rating agencies, and they are constructive conversations about what's happening in the business. If you look at our underlying calculation, the FFO trailing 12 months for the quarter was similarly strong to what it was at the end of the year. And then we issued more debt in this quarter, as I mentioned in my comments, that would balance out over the course of the year, putting us strongly in the rating agency's expectation at the 14% or better.  So strong discussions. Certainly, the rating agencies have to do their evaluations and make those decisions, but hitting that threshold for 2023, which we did, and then continuing to execute on that as we work to build towards 15% are important to us. 
Kimberly Fontan: That's absolutely correct, Steve. And the Cogent sales were for the quarter, but that's really a volume difference, slight EPS difference. But as we discussed, the incremental industrial sales certainly support that, helping us achieve our objectives at the end of the year. 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, when you think about data centers, they certainly are requiring infrastructure to support them. And so we are ensuring that the pricing of those customers price in a way that support those customer coming, but also support the rest of our customers in the infrastructure build that's needed. When you referenced Mississippi specifically, we worked closely with the legislature to ensure that we had the ability to add the infrastructure that we needed, but also that we protected all of our other customers through the contract. So it was a benefit both to add the customer to the system, but also to the state of Mississippi and all of our other customers. And I would think about it the same way for future data centers that add to our service territory. 
Kimberly Fontan: There's both there, Travis. The transmission certainly generally is less than the generation, but some of it is timing. When you think about it, we have long-term supply plans where we may have had generation in a plan and perhaps there's some earlier execution of it in order to meet that demand. And as you know, we're in MISO. So transmission is playing through MISO as well.  So we also have long-range cleaning on the transmission. So I don't have the exact split, and I know you can get with Bill and get that specifically. But generally, when you think about the data centers, probably heavier weighted to generation than to transmission. 
Kimberly Fontan: In Mississippi, the legislation enabled us to -- it effectively gave us CCN authority to build what was needed for that data center to meet their time line. So that doesn't require an RFP process. Some of our jurisdictions have RFPs and others don't. I think it comes down to a customer time line and how you work with all your stakeholders to bring the customer on the time line they're looking for, and then what that requires to ensure that we are building strong appropriate assets in order to support the customers overall. 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, the data center is unique in that it's a larger customer coming in at one time on a faster time line, but I would think about the planning principle is the same for all of our customers. 
Roderick West: It's Rod. I think I can say, look, 5 weeks ago, we suspended the procedural schedule to facilitate settlement. If you think about the date of May 21, when staff and intervenor testimonies do, in the next 3 weeks, I think it's reasonable to assume that 1 of 3 things will happen. We'll either announce the settlement, we'll mutually agree to extend the dates procedurally to facilitate settlement, or pivot back to a procedural schedule. With the resiliency docket addressed last week, I think the next 3 weeks will be telling about the progress we'll make. But we're comfortable that the stakeholders in Louisiana are now focused on settlement discussions. 
Roderick West: This is Rod. I can touch on that and certainly Kimberly can follow. But beyond the AWS transaction in Mississippi, we're continuing to see significant interest in the data center sectors, both hyperscale as well as colocation in Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi. But we continue to see strong interest from the metal sector as well, specifically aluminum and steel. With projects in various stages of development, you can add in there with the RRA, developments showing up in blue ammonia in addition to the conversations around carbon capture. And that's not to exclude what we would consider to be our traditional sectors of growth in the service territory around refining and petrochemicals. We plan to give more color, of course, at Analyst Day, but I didn't want to suggest that there was one specific sector. There's a fair amount of diversity in our backlog and growth outlook. 
Roderick West: Yes. You're right, being in a position where we can say comfortably that roughly 85% of the SERI risk has been addressed through settlement, it does lend itself to what I would think would be a compelling case to resolve the risk with the state of Louisiana. We can't speak and don't speak around the nuances of negotiations in any period. But we do believe that the fact that New Orleans is now off the table, it gives us a shot to pursue that with Louisiana near term. 
Roderick West: Yes. It's Rod again. We're going to make that filing in the second quarter. And some of the considerations around the amount will be influenced by how we think about the contribution to the resilient spend from the state grant program, not to mention, to your earlier point, how the capital would flow through the recovery mechanisms affecting both affordability and credit. But we'll make that filing before the end of second quarter. 
Roderick West: Short answer is no. We're pursuing our efforts with stakeholders on selling both and the interest being avoiding any litigation associated with either. So short answer is no, there's nothing preventing us from pursuing a settlement on both issues regardless of federal versus state jurisdiction. 
Roderick West: Yes, this is Rod, again. And I think Kimberly alluded to it. The example in Mississippi, I think, serves as a blueprint for other states when you think about how we shape both the legislation from the actual state, the contractual guarantees, if you will, from AWS, and the regulatory outcomes that facilitated our ability to meet AWS' needs, I think, plays well.  It would certainly focus around job creation and economic development from a stakeholder engagement standpoint, similar to the way that we did in Mississippi. I see that being very relevant in, say, Louisiana and Arkansas. Certainly, there's going to be an expectation regardless of where these data centers are cited, that there's rate protection for the other customers in the service territory. Notwithstanding any conversation around the green or the clean dynamics, we are going to serve that customer's needs and the attributes that are important to them.  But here's the piece that I think becomes really important as we're engaging our regulators and our customer stakeholders. What Mississippi was able to do was to expedite the CCN approval process to help us build the infrastructure around transmission and generation to serve that load, and also providing credit accretive, for instance, in Mississippi, line for cash, CWIP, during the construction of those facilities, allowing us to finance those projects and lower the overall cost for customers.  If you think about those dimensions, the rest of the states are taking notice of the success in Mississippi, and from purely a competitive standpoint are trying to figure out how to replicate those types of frameworks in their jurisdictions. But we think it's a blueprint that really projects well for our other states. 
Andrew Marsh: Well, I mentioned a few of them in my remarks earlier around some of the things that Rod just discussed and the opportunities that we see for growth from a sales perspective and where that's coming from. So more color and depth to that conversation. Certainly, more clarity around the kinds of investments that we plan to make. And that includes the generation side as well as the golden wire side, we're talking about reliability and resilience. Some of the work that we are doing to drive productivity internally.  From a data perspective, we'll be giving a more robust outlook that goes out to 5 years. That will include capital and earnings, and we'll make clear, as Kimberly just mentioned, about our expectations from a financing perspective. And also, since we'll be in New Orleans, we'll have a number of our leaders here with us, and you'll get the ability to access the broader segments of our management and leadership team that you normally do when you just see Rod and Kimberly and Bill Abler and myself out on the road. So you'll get to see what we are seeing in our various jurisdictions and getting more boots on the ground view of how things are progressing. 
Andrew Marsh: And I'll add that as you probably recall, the Texas part of the resilience investment was pushed back a little bit, because we had a lot of growth upfront. And so you probably won't see as much and that's where the grant piece comes in. And also the mechanism, as we've talked about before, since we have all of this growth in our service territory, mechanism doesn't work as well from a credit perspective for us. So we're working on that. We have another legislative session coming up, but you'll see all of that reflected in our ultimate resilience filing. 
Andrew Marsh: And just to be clear, it's not out in the middle of the ocean, it is on land, but it's in a canal, so that it can float with the storm surge. And so that's really what we're talking about here, not an oil rigging out in the middle of Gulf. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes. The investment is the thing that will ultimately go to the bottom line. The AGM is there to support that incremental investment. So we think it's really important and it demonstrates the growth opportunity at the time in front of us and the demand from our customers to help them meet what they want to do. 
Andrew Marsh: So the gas LDC, as I mentioned, is on schedule. There's more details in the appendix. And so I think that at the LPSC, it's moving on quite quickly. The time line is a little longer in New Orleans. But at this point, we don't see anything that's impeding the progress and the ultimate completion of the transaction. So we're firmly confident there is a possibility that it could move up a little bit. But at this point, we're sticking with our third quarter 2025 time line. 
Andrew Marsh: Probably not. That's a new transformer. And as I know you're aware, there's a backlog for large transformers like that. And we don't have one of that size as a spare. So we do have the interim transformer ready to go, and it should be ready by summertime. That gets us back to about 90%. And so the plant should be online this summer, but we won't have full deliverability out of the plant that we get a new transformer in place. But you can run 90% just with the spare. So it's kind of most of the way. So... 
Andrew Marsh: Yes. As you know, they've been in MISO North for a while working on stuff. And I do believe that they plan to put out some expectations later this year. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's a good question, Angie. We are thinking about various potential solutions there. Right now, the output of those facilities are contracted for the life of the unit to each of the operating companies that participate. So I don't think that there's any room for data center pieces, but we are looking at all other alternatives in order to try to mitigate that future potential litigation risk, but that is definitely on our radar screen, although we don't have anything to discuss about that right now. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes. And I'll just add that given what Rod just outlined, our regulators and our communities are excited about these potential investments. There are large investments that are going to throw off a bunch of tax holders and provide some really good jobs. There are areas in Central and Northern Mississippi, Northern Louisiana and in Arkansas, there's a lot of rural space out there that data centers can go to. And those jobs are meaningful in those areas. So they're really excited about the opportunity for those investments and the economic activity that comes along with them. That's why, as Ross said, they're competing to figure out how they can serve these potential customers. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's a great question. And where we are along the coast in Texas, a lot of the resilience investments and the wildfire investments is going to be very similar and overlapping. So yes, that is going to be part of it. I'm sure that wildfire is going to be a part of the conversation or legislature coming up early next year.  And so we do anticipate that there will be some overlap there. I'll just mention, further away from the coast in Mississippi, Northern Louisiana, Arkansas, we are also thinking about wildfire mitigation investment there to complement all the things that we've already done to monitor and prepare and respond to potential wildfires and all the community work they were doing. But we realize that the next piece of that is investment to mitigate or eliminate wildfire risk. And so that's conversation is ongoing with our stakeholders. And so we'll be looking to create opportunities to manage those risks for all of our stakeholders in the near future. 
