Kimberly Fontan: Sure, Paul. Thanks for the question. The tax item was a resolution of the 2016 to 2018 audit. And as you noted on EPS, we adjusted those effects out of earnings. From a cash perspective, there's no real cash effect of that as the NOLs and the tax deposits had taken care of that. So no significant cash effect there.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Certainly, the EEI, our plan is preliminary. We continue to adjust and modify that. As I noted, the industrial customers, we expect them to be strong in 2024. You probably saw the announcement in Mississippi around a significant customer there that provides economic opportunities in Mississippi, but we continue to refine and modify our forecast as we move from EEI into quarter end.
Kimberly Fontan: Yea. We haven't broken that out specifically. You can see that we continue to refine our capital plan and have added some capital in Mississippi in order to support that and ensure that we have clean energy for our customers in Mississippi, but we haven't given specific estimates related to that customer.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Angie, at EEI, we laid out a capital plan that's pretty close to what's here. It's a couple of hundred million more here. And we continue to refine our capital plan, prioritize around customers that we're aware of. We also showed at EEI additional capital that could be added. There was additional transmission, additional clean energy for -- to support customers and a couple of other areas. And so we continue to work to prioritize those. But I would think about this as this is our capital plan that we're planning for. We're continuing to prioritize it as we move into analyst day. I'd expect we'd show you five years of capital. And so that would be the view that you would get at that point.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Travis what we've talked about going forward is a 6% to 7% or CAGR through the 2026 outlook period. What you're seeing as you noted in 2024 is coming off of a base year of 2023. That low will be a little lumpy as it comes in over that period, but we expect a 6% to 7% growth rate on those industrials over that outlook period.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. As Drew noted, we have a little less than $1 billion of resilience spending in our capital plan over this period. Once decisions are made in Louisiana and New Orleans around the recovery mechanism than the pace around that, then we would -- that could be additional capital. But what's in that capital plan is close to that $1 billion number.
Kimberly Fontan: No, I don't think so. The filing just to be clear, the filing is more than what we've included. What we've included is, what we can spend in our given mechanisms that we have. And as you probably know, we requested accelerated mechanisms in both Louisiana and New Orleans, so that we can accelerate that spending. And so, depending on those mechanisms that could provide additional opportunity for capital there.
