Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. As Drew said, today, we are reporting strong results for the quarter that keep us firmly on track to achieve our adjusted EPS guidance for the quarter and for the year. Shown on Slide 3, our adjusted earnings were $1.92 per share. This result is consistent with our objective of steady, predictable earnings growth. For the quarter, we had two items that were considered adjustments and excluded from adjusted earnings. First, we recorded $1.17 settlement charge as a result of the pension plan lift out. With this lift out, our remaining pension liability is 96% funded as of the end of the quarter. As I mentioned at Analyst Day, this is another step in reducing our risk. Second, as Drew discussed, Entergy Louisiana reached an agreement with the LPSC staff to resolve our formula rate plan extension filing. Part of the settlement includes providing $184 million in customer credit. To reflect these credits, we reported expenses totaling $0.52 which is net of $38 million previously recorded for tax sharing related to the IRS audit resolution. Slide 4 details the quarter’s adjusted EPS variances. Key drivers include retail sales growth fueled by hotter than normal weather. On a weather-adjusted basis, retail sales increased 2.9%, with growth across all customer classes. Industrial growth was the biggest contributor. Regulatory actions that support our customer-centric investments also contributed to earnings growth. Cost to serve our customers increased, primarily other O&M and depreciation. Interest expense also increased due to higher interest rates and higher debt balances to finance investments. Moving to Slide 5. Operating cash flow was higher than second quarter last year. Key drivers were the timing of payments and higher customer receipts. Credit and liquidity are shown on Slide 6. Our credit metric outlooks, which fully reflect the effects of the regulatory settlements remain very healthy. Our net liquidity is strong at $5.9 billion. This includes approximately $800 million of equity forwards that we have already locked in but are not yet settled. While we don’t plan to settle these forward until next year, they are a source of cash if needed. We also issued term debt in the quarter, including $1.2 billion of junior subordinated notes, which are very credit supportive. As Drew mentioned, our restoration response to Hurricane Beryl was timely, safe and cost-effective. We’re still refining the details, but our early cost estimate is $75 million to $85 million. We plan to recover these costs through normal mechanisms. Turning to Slide 7. You can see that we’ve continued to make good progress through our 2025 to 2026 equity needs. To date, we’ve completed approximately 60% of our projected equity needs through 2026. As shown on Slide 9, we are affirming our adjusted EPS guidance and outlook. For 2024, as we’ve said, we’re firmly on track. Our EPS contribution from volume is expected to be a little higher than our guidance assumption, including the new industrial customers I mentioned last quarter. Weather was hotter than normal this quarter, which created headroom for us to flex our O&M spending plans to achieve better operational outcomes. For the remainder of 2024, there are a couple of quarterly timing considerations that I’d like to note. The sales growth for the balance of the year is still expected to be largely weighted to the fourth quarter as additional new large customers are expected to come online later in the year. And we expect as much as 90% of the remaining O&M savings to be achieved in the fourth quarter given our significant flex spending increases in the fourth quarter last year. As you know, if we experience additional weather outside of normal, we may further flex our spending plans. We have provided additional quarterly considerations in the appendix of our webcast presentation. We’re pleased with the progress we’ve made, especially the settlements with the Louisiana Public Service Commission that supports and solidifies our long-term outlook. With the important clarity we now have in Louisiana, the stage is set for us to capture the unique growth story that we laid out at Analyst Day. And now the Entergy team is available for questions.
Kimberly Fontan: And Shar, from a capital perspective, certainly, we’re pleased to be at this point, we’ll let the process play out. And then we would expect to give a full update in EEI in November as we typically do.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We shared our outlook at Analyst Day just a few weeks ago, and I think that is the best place to point. We continue to be on track for this year and as Rod said, we’re setting ourselves up to continue to deliver on what we provided in our last update a few weeks ago.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thanks, David. The settlements in the -- for both settlements are all considered in our -- both our EPS and our cash flow outlooks that we’re affirming today. So I would think about that from that perspective.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We shared our capital view a few weeks ago, which gave you sort of owned renewables and then I believe there was a slide that also showed the breakout there. And so as we go through the RFP, we’ll be able to see as they announced what comes through there, and we’ll provide periodic updates at EEI and other places about how those are performing.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We’re still on track through the end of the year for what we’ve provided about 4% for the full year with most of that coming late in the year. There are a couple of large industrials that we expect to come on. We do have those customers are on minimum build type contracts that if they are delayed, we still have some protection from a bottom line perspective because of how they’re contracted in. But we believe we’re still on track, and then we continue to see a strong pipeline throughout the forecast period that supports that growth trajectory that you referenced.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We were pleased with the outcome of that lift out. As I said, the net pension plan is funded now at 96%, and we continue to find ways to reduce volatility. We use smoothing mechanisms in our regulatory jurisdictions to help reduce that volatility as those costs on the regulated side are recovered through rates. As far as weather, we could do another pension lift out, obviously, that would have to the math on that and the ability to execute on that would have to work, but we think that we are in a good place with where we are currently and what we’ve done to derisk our pension plans.
Kimberly Fontan: We haven’t given a specific number associated with that customer. You can see the update at year-end and that there’s additional renewables, for example, for Mississippi to support the clean energy associated with that customer, but we haven’t broken out a specific CapEx for that specific customer.
Kimberly Fontan: No. As Ron said, from a CCN perspective that was handled through working with the peak or with the Mississippi -- Search Commission in the state as well.
Shahriar Pourreza: Drew, starting off on sort of the regulatory progress in Louisiana and FERC. Any further updates there with the updated schedule. And more importantly, would that be a potential catalyst to maybe revisit capital allocation and the CapEx plans, especially as you settle the FRP and look at new generation deployment under the new 3-gigawatt mechanism? Thanks.
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes. No. Any further updates on Louisiana and FERC in that process? That’s the first part. And then the second part is just as we’re thinking about concluding in that -- in those processes, depending if there’s a global settlement or whatever. Is that sort of the catalyst to revisit kind of capital allocation and the CapEx plans, especially as you kind of settle the FRP and look at new generation deployment? Thanks.
Shahriar Pourreza: Great. Looking forward to that. And then just lastly, obviously, the 2024 assumptions picked up. You talked about low growth more coming in 4Q, you’ve got the O&M benefits also kicking in, in the back end. It sounds like you’re kind of ahead of schedule for 2024, but I don’t want to lead the witness, is there kind of any read-through to 2025 as we’re thinking about bridging from 2024 to 2025.
Roderick West: Good deal. As was the case with prior SERI settlements, we will file the proposed SERI settlement with the LPSC. And nevertheless, it will still be subject to FERC approval, there’ll be subsequent filings with the FERC in that regard. So we still have work to do. All of what we’ve shared is still subject to approvals, but it will be a methodical process, and it will begin with what we submit to the LPSC for their consideration on the 14.
Roderick West: Yes. And we talked about this at Analyst Day, Shar, that our stakeholder engagement strategy was far more deliberate and far more discrete in terms of the stakeholders that we brought together to put us in a position to have this settlement. The outcome was a function of each of the interested stakeholders having an opportunity far earlier in the process to weigh in on this conversation. And while we are we are pleased that we’re able to get to this point, our work continues because as Drew mentioned in his earlier comments, this simply sets the stage for us to be able to execute on capturing the growth with far greater clarity. But it is a stakeholder engagement driven process that includes our regulators, includes our customers and policymakers. And we’re really at just the beginning and certainly excited about what’s now possible with clarity on where Louisiana has had that same strategy is playing out in the other states. So we can now focus on the growth story.
Roderick West: As a general matter, the settlement addresses the formula rate plan extension and terms and conditions of the go-forward regulatory construct, it resolves prior issues. There are 8 or so related dockets that are also cleaned up, much of them dealing with historical administrative proceedings. And the SERI settlement, the SERI settlement is a different settlement posture, but essentially, it clears the deck of the major litigation between Entergy and the commission and its stakeholders.
Roderick West: So on the 14th, and again, this is all subject to the commission’s consideration. It is our expectation that the commission would take up the proposed settlement that the staff would put forward on the FRP the settlement associated with SERI and its related dockets and the other, I’ll call them, the other additional dockets that we were able to seek a lime on, but we expect the commission to take them all up. And let’s also -- and Drew made reference in his remarks that the -- at least for the Louisiana Public Service Commission’s consideration of the gas LDC sale, the staff had already issued a report recommending that the LPSC approved their portion of that sale. So that may very well be taken up on the 14th as well. So we expect pretty comprehensive docket that the commission will take up on the 14.
Roderick West: Yes. We laid out at Analyst Day that nothing that we had presented in terms of our outlook included anything other than AWS. And as Drew alluded to, the 5 to 10 gigawatt opportunity was not something we were speculating around. It’s in our pipeline because we’re having actual conversations with prospective customers in that regard, who, as we laid out, we’re taking advantage of a lot of the structural advantages of the Gulf Coast, the low energy rates that we provide, certainly, the constructive regulatory environment that’s been supportive of economic development and growth in our regions. And so we expect that at the appropriate time, we’ll be able to give details. But as was the case in prior customer additions, we’re not giving out or talking about where any specific customer is in the process until such time that both we and they are prepared to go public with something. But again, we’re bullish about the prospects because of all the advantages that we laid out at Analyst Day and our -- and on top of that, our stakeholder engagement strategy, making sure that all the right stakeholders are at the table quite early in the process.
Roderick West: The short answer is yes. The SERI settlement that’s proposed is consistent with the settlement constructs in the other jurisdictions, Mississippi, Arkansas and New Orleans, yes.
Roderick West: Yes. And I’ll just reiterate the point that Beryl provides an opportunity to revisit the public policy backdrop to our capital plans. And not only just in Texas, as Texas as a state revisits the resiliency conversation with the regency of Beryl but other jurisdictions are certainly paying attention to some of the lessons learned as well. And while Louisiana is well on its way with its resiliency plan where so much of the attention has been paid of late to reference New Orleans in its ongoing conversations, and we know empirically there they were paying close attention to the experiences in Houston. And it is an opportunity for us both at the technical conference as well as our ongoing conversations with the counsel between now and the end of the year to revisit the scale, scope and efficacy because we’re still very much in the middle of a storm season. So the unfortunate storm from a customer standpoint, provides an opportunity for the states and other stakeholders to revisit the resilient conversation with whatever new information the lessons learned from Beryl.
Roderick West: Yes. It’s Rod. The best way to address it is to be proactive and to communicate. It’s embedded in our capital plan that has been across the jurisdictions. It’s also part not only of our reliability capital plan, but also the resiliency capital plan. And the conversation for us around stakeholder engagement includes making it clear to our stakeholders exactly how those investments are benefiting customers. I think the opportunity we have here is to accelerate the asset component of resiliency. That’s what’s different than our normal reliability conversation, but we’ve been particularly in the areas where we serve in South Louisiana and certainly Southeast Texas, vegetation has long been both a challenge and an opportunity for us. And I think from a regulatory construct perspective, and I think Drew alluded to this in his comments, what really created the problem for customers in Hurricane Beryl, were trees outside of the right-of-way. What do we mean by right-of-way? That is the area from where our facilities are situated what’s the area of -- how many feet outside of where our facilities exist? Do we have the capacity to trim those trees or vegetation as the case may be? And I think when you -- you’re paying attention to the regulatory processes in Louisiana and Texas and beyond, I think you’ll hear more of a conversation around extending the right-of-ways, allowing us to trim in a further area surrounding where our facilities are located to provide greater margin for when those winds come and those trees and other vegetation gets into the facilities that disrupt service for customers.
Roderick West: And we’d have to get permission from the commissions to extend the right-of-way. That’s basically rulemaking that sort of sets the terms and conditions under which we operate under our franchise. And so that is a commission by commission state-by-state conversation. But yes, we would go to the commission to seek an expansion of the existing right-of-ways.
Roderick West: Yes. That’s a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction conversation. But it’s usually articulated in numbers of feet away from existing facilities. And that’s on top of what I’m sure is going to be a conversation about more resilient poles that hold up better not just the tree trimming around the facilities. But remember that resiliency is about more resilient facilities themselves that could do a better job of withstanding win, not just wind, but the trees themselves. But yes, it’s usually in feed and jurisdiction by jurisdiction.
Roderick West: Yes. One of -- what we talked about this at Analyst Day and before, one of the big advantages that allowed us to move at the speed of their expectations was getting pre-approval. So in order for us to put shovels in the ground, the Mississippi Commission with the support of the Mississippi legislature have already reapproved the CCN process in order for us to begin the design build out to serve AWS.
Roderick West: No, you heard it correctly, and I think Drew also alluded to it in Texas, the legislative session for us in the last couple of years has been around allowing -- given the commission of Texas the ability to do rulemaking to facilitate resiliency spend. And the point that Drew made was that in the last legislative session, which is every odd year in Texas, which would have been the 2023 session, we, along with other stakeholders in the state of Texas made a lot of headway to facilitate resiliency spend. But there were some items like the accelerated replacement of transmission facilities as part of the resiliency plan that didn’t get addressed in the way in which we thought would have been ideal. And it’s an opportunity for us to go back in the 2025 legislative session with the support of the commission and other stakeholders in Texas to revisit that legislation that would add on or complement what Texas already done to facilitate accelerated resiliency spend by utilities.
Andrew Marsh: And I’ll just add to that, that I think -- and it goes to what Kimberly will talk about in a second, the thing that we’re pleased about is the nature of the way that these results came together and...
Andrew Marsh: Yes. That’s a good question. So we’ve been thinking about this in terms of sort of where we were pre-Beryl and post-Beryl. Certainly, whenever you have storm you reflect on where you are and what you’re doing and those kind of things. Pre-Beryl, we have a plan that we have submitted in Texas a resiliency plan, and it’s based on what the current rules and the legislation that was introduced a couple of years ago, and so it reflects those priorities. And there are -- as we’ve talked about, there are a couple of things that we wanted to see in the legislation previously that we weren’t able to get it in, namely around transmission being included and also our ability to accelerate the replacement of existing assets by getting return up and on if we don’t get that return on then it’s harming our credit if we try to accelerate. So we have a more measured pace. Having said that, now we’ve made the filing and now we are a post-Beryl and the opportunity is for us to engage our stakeholders to figure out if this is the plan that we want to stick with or if there is a different plan that we want to go with. So it’s now open for conversation and we’re excited about where that might go. And of course, we’ll have another opportunity coming up in the legislative session as well to potentially address some of the things that we weren’t able to address last time. And with that, I’ll pass it over to Ron to see what else you have to...
Andrew Marsh: And I’ll add, appendix, there’s a sensitivity chart for pension, which is 25 basis points for every 25 basis points plus or minus $0.01 is kind of what our sensitivity is at this point, which is a lot lower than where it used to be to Kimberly’s point.
Andrew Marsh: And the capital statements, when we go back and we build to modern standards, those -- there is the potential to widen the right-of-ways or deal with that. But if you were able to go from an age frame transmission structure to a vertical transmission structure that does reduce the target area a little bit for the trees that come from outside the right-of-way. It’s not perfect like Rod said, you got to go trim, you may need to widen the right-of-ways because those trees are pretty tall and you just don’t have that many feet in a lot of areas in our service territory in particular, a lot of tall pine trees out there. But some of it can be mitigated with design and acceleration of resilience investment.
Andrew Marsh: And then maybe even a right-of-way by right-of-way combination. We may have to go back to each individual right away and renegotiating.
Andrew Marsh: Right. And urban versus rural? Right? I mean we have in the city of New Orleans, some pretty tight right-of-way elements and tree trimming requirements, not unlike some other urban environments. So we’re very familiar with some of those challenges.
