Leo Denault: Praful, from an investment standpoint if you can go back to our last Analysts Day even we were talking about the number of things that we can do not only to upgrade the technology associated with our generating fleet technology and signup new load, attach new generation the transmission pride, but also a significant amount of distribution energy resources, technological advancements that we can make. Those are the types of things that we're still looking at. Nothing that we're talking about today. Nothing that enters the plan are outside of the balance with the sorts of things that we've been talking about for some time with all of you, and certainly working on for even longer internally to the company. As we looked at it, as we've always said, what we're always balancing every day, every decision we make is because that three pronged outcomes that we need for our customers, one it has to improve the level of service that we provide them and two, we have to do it to manage their bills. That managing the bills is the governor in terms of how much we can spend on upgrading the reliability of the system. We've got to balance that. And then obviously the sustainability objectives that we end our customers and all of you as investors have. So it is more of the same in terms of what we have to do to be looking at to upgrade that system. The 7,000 to 8,000 megawatts of generation, that's a continuation of what we've been doing and that is modernizing the fleet to lower O&M lower fuel cost, improve emissions across the board as we look to deactivate 40 and 50 year old units and replaced them with new capacity. So if you look at our system, we used to put out that histogram of the age of our fleet. We still have some older units some of what we're spending the money on right now. Some of those new dollars are actually to go into some of those legacy gas units to make sure they continue to operate reliably while they get into queue to be replaced by the newer stuff. So it's nothing new. It's nothing that we haven't been talking about before. It's really just the focus on making sure that we balance those three objectives. We want to make sure that we improve the level of service, maintain some of the lowest rates in the country, work on the customer's bills, keep them below the level inflation while we continue to improve our sustainability footprint. But importantly, as I mentioned, the sustainability of our customers that's very important to them as well.
Leo Denault: That's true. And I'll tackle that one. So they're in material updates right now. It continues to be going through the process at FERC. And in terms of our expectations as we said for a while, we have a reserve on our ROE and then for whatever the outcome maybe there, based on our expectations, and then the other elements of the various complaints there are reflected in the outlook that we put out today. So there's no – all of the expectations that we have are reflected in fourth series outcomes are reflected in our outlook.
Leo Denault: It does not. The 7,000 to 8,000 megawatts that we're talking about is 2022 through 2030. And as I mentioned, probably be roughly half renewables and half gas. As we look at it today, obviously subject to what happens technologically and cost wise to the construction of those different facilities. But again, that 7,000 to 8,000 new megawatts.
Leo Denault: It's still being driven by the need to technologically improve the system. So if you remember, Charles, we've been going through this portfolio transformation with our generation fleet, given the age and the vintage of those facilities which served us really well, but when they started pushing 40-plus years of age, the new plants efficiency, the O&M levels, emission levels, and then obviously the fact that they're starting brand new life that overtakes what the maintenance of those older plants would be. So for example, the St. Charles plant, over the life of a plant that's going to benefit our customers by $1.3 billion given the lower production costs associated with that plant vis-a-vis what's on our system today and in the market. So that's really the continuation. The load growth obviously is important, but in large part what that does is keeps the price point down for our customers as well.
Leo Denault: We were not saying it would be no increase that you're correct. We will take the dividend up every year as it always does. We were just signaling, because we've had this objective that we've stated for a while that we want to have our dividend growth match our earnings growth. And as you point out for the last few years, it's been lagging earnings growth. We believe that we'll be at a point in time by the fourth quarter of 2021 to put those in line with our expectation of earnings growth.
Rod West: Good morning, Praful. It's Rod. We're pleased to report for our customers that ANO is in fact back online and sync to the grid, I believe beginning on Monday. And so that that's moving forward, so that's progress for us.
Rod West: The significance was the reactor cooling promoter that that failed and it's a highly specialized equipment that you can't buy off the shelf. And we have tested that equipment during the outage in 2018 and it passed all the tests and the fact that it failed was anomalous for us, but at the end of the day, it takes a long time to replace and repair on that that motor, and that was the cause of the delay and nothing more. And so we're happy that it's back online.
Rod West: Yes. And the benefit of the generation rider legislation in Texas is really reducing lag for purposes of the CapEx that we have in the plan for Texas. So but it's remember it's an enabling legislation that gives the Texas Commission, the opportunity to provide a more efficient regulatory recovery, predominantly for those generation investments that Drew made reference to. So it's a risk reduction and the lag reduction opportunity for us as Drew, I believe stated and Leo in his statement to align the recovery mechanisms with the timing of our investments and benefits to customers.
Andrew Marsh: Julien, this is Drew. So in terms of the flow back to customers, we would expect that pretty much all of it, we flow back to customers. In the course of time as you're noting, depending on the jurisdiction, some would float back to customers faster than others. And I think that's actually a critical piece of the overall strategy here because we are aiming to manage our customer's bills. And by doing that, we are creating space in the bill for incremental capital investment to improve reliability. And I think there's – we don't have it in the main slides, but there's an appendix slide, I think it's like a Slide 38 or so that talks about how our earnings are expected to change a while it's happens. You'll notice that net revenue line doesn't really move all that much. And O&M line is – that's creating that space for us. So we would expect that that would flow back to customers, because we're not, we're not anticipating their bills really moving at all as a result of this incremental capital. In terms of some of the O&M, and the progress that we've made, I think the answer is yes. We have made some progress this year. That's part of what gives us confidence that we can execute on this going forward. And I don't know if all of it is in rates today. But it will get into rates very quickly. This year as you know, we're using it to offset some of the negative weather that we had in the first quarter, plus I've mentioned in my remarks, industrial sales growth was a little bit below our expectations year-to-date. But it would be fine long-term, but in the meantime we need to make sure that we are managing to hit our expectations for this year. So some of that is happening now as part of what gives us confidence going forward and it should all flow back into rates.
Andrew Marsh: Well, I'll take the capital and then I'll let Rob answer the regulation piece of it. From a capital perspective, yes, a good chunk of it is in distribution, as you noted. And as Leo mentioned in his remarks and his answer to Praful's question, it's a lot of what we have been doing. Not all of it is – some of it is putting in new smart equipment and stuff like that that can communicate with our network. But a lot of it is just replacing poles and cross arms and transformers that are – that need frankly, just need to be updated, and so that's on the distribution front. On the transmission side, there is quite a bit of economic developments along the corridor between New Orleans and Baton Rouge. That's prompting new reliability investment opportunities for us from a transmission perspective. That frankly we weren't planning at the beginning of the year, front mainly along the west side of the Mississippi River. And then we have a lot of customer products and services investment that we're making as Leo alluded to in his script. So those are some of the main kinds of investment opportunities that we're looking at in terms of this near-term incremental capital. And I'll turn that over to Rod for the regulatory question.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Neil. This is Drew. So in my remarks, I mentioned that our equity expectations are exactly as they were at Analyst Day. So it's not until – we won't have any need for equity until after 2020, sometime 2021 or beyond. And that expectation is around 5% to 10% of our overall capital needs – that before.
