Drew Marsh: Okay, Shar it's Drew. And your first question about the drivers, I think it's just the - it's the accounting change that reflected the equity market over the course of the quarter. And so of course last year we did not have the mark-to-market the equity field. We only saw the realized gains and losses associated with the trust and this year - and the rest of it was in other comprehensive income, this year all of it flowing through the income segment. And as part of that as we went to this accounting change, we actually moved about $600 million positive into retained earnings that didn't go to the income statement, it was just re-classed on the balance sheet from other comprehensive income. So those are the things that were going on there and of course we also had some of the portfolio management activity that we talked about last quarter, that we are de-risking our portfolio. So our overall loss was a very slight loss compared to may be an equity market loss a couple of percent over the quarter. And with regards to our EWC plans, it doesn't change anything overall for EWC plans or for our cash expectations towards the end of the - through 2022. So we still expect '17 to '22 to be neutral positive. In fact as we were thinking about this earlier this year, we were pressure testing these several things that could happen to make sure that we could sustain that statements through any volatility we might see in the market.
Drew Marsh: Yeah, so we still have all our options on the table because we are thinking about optimizing against the timing and the need with the market and the cost that we might incur associated with that. So all of those things are still on the table and will likely be later this year when we get into the market.
Drew Marsh: That's using the 2% growth rate. But the - I think where you want to look, there's a different Slide in there that I believe has on Slide 25 in the appendix, has the NDT balances as of March 31, that's on Slide 25.
Drew Marsh: Yeah, that's a good question Praful. I think we are expecting to be about in the middle at this point. I mean it's early in the year, we have a lot of levels to manage this current volatility in the decommissioning trust and so we are expecting on operational basis to be about the middle when it falls that in time, [ph]. For Utility Parent & Other, we are right on track as of first quarter, so there wouldn't be any change there.
Drew Marsh: Sure, so in regards to the cash and the credit metrics and the pay, so we are anticipating when we talked last quarter a little slower pace on how fast the unprotected excess ADIT would be flowing back to customers and now it's a little faster. So the expectation is that - the way that that's going to work from an income statement perspective is there will be more effect, but we will be getting less revenue in the door which would be a cash item and we will be also be experiencing lower income tax expense, which would be a non cash item on the income statement, so that will offset the flow into the cash flow metrics and so the measures that we are talking about are the metrics like FFO to debt, last quarter we talked about 14% on a longer term basis. Now we are expecting it to be a little bit lower than that upfront, but will recover much quicker and so by 2020, we expect to be above that level because of the more ramp in return of the unprotected excess ADIT. And from a rate base perspective, we would expect that as - and we haven't finished this is in our regulatory process, but as we return back unprotected excess ADIT the customers on net rate base are to increase. And so on the last call we talked about the opportunity for about $1 billion of increased net rate base by 2020. We still expect that to be the case associated with the return of the excess ADIT, both protected and unprotected by the way for that.
Drew Marsh: Yeah, so this is Drew. So, in terms of the overall timing of the excess ADIT return it is moving forward and we were and are trying to match up our access of the equity capital markets to that in some way. So it's going to move it forward a little bit. But the rating agencies are certainly aware that we are going to access the equity capital markets there. Looking at that plus a number of other factors like our progress on changing our business risk profile at EWC and the positive regulatory environment within the Utility as that's improving. So we are taking a number of things into consideration, I think only one of which is making sure that we match up the timing of the equity with the return of those cash flows.
Drew Marsh: So Michael this is Drew. Yeah, so in the 2018 I think we are still consistent with our expectations. I mentioned earlier that we are looking at some opportunities to help close the gap on NDT performance through March 31. And so we are walking through some of that, but as of now in our guidance expectations I don't think there's really much of a change. Looking forward - well, I guess you had question specifically around nuclear, as Leo mentioned we hired a 1000 people over the last year, we're still going to hire some this year, the effect of that payroll changes most acute in the first quarter. And so the effect of it will lessen over the next few quarters, but we also have even though it's larger, we have some projects that we had last year that will even out the overall O&M spending for nuclear during the course of the year. So, it will be comparable to 2017 by the end of the year. Looking forward in terms of '19 and '20 I think we have overall under inflation expectations for O&M growth, nothing dramatic at this point.
Drew Marsh: Sure, well I just after we finish giving the $1 billion back that effect will stop being in our FFO measure. So what you're seeing is lower net revenue, while we are giving that money back and to the extent that you lengthen that out, if you're going four, five years with that give back, you would see a depressed FFO number for that period of time. The way it's shaping up is we are going to be giving it back over the next 18 months. So the depressed FFO may be more so than we are planning, but by the time we get up the 2020, that effect for the unprotected fee should go away. So your FFO to debt measure should improve.
Drew Marsh: Hey Paul, it's Drew. That I think is part of the normal NRC processes, yeah, it requests for additional information. And our expectation is that we are - I guess in that case probably NorthStar responded to that and Vermont Yankee and so that is - I think it's just part of the normal back and forth we didn't see anything in particular in that we are concerned about at this point.
Drew Marsh: Well, in the normal course of business like the filings that you saw and the Jonathan referenced on page 29, those are more formulaic. And so when we go through a specific transaction they are not going to dig much deeper into the financials of the buyer and we totally expect that and understand why they are doing it. And so we will consider that, like I said its part of the normal process compared to normal annual filings which are very formulaic in nature.
Drew Marsh: Sure, so site specific studies can happen in a couple of ways. Like you said, if you're shutting down the plant you will give a site specific study to assess the overall cost of the facility and match that up against the trust and make sure that you're adequately funded. If you're having and this doesn't happen very often, but there are ways that you could also do it on an ongoing basis during the normal operations when you do these formulaic assessments if you didn't get all the funding you needed in the formulaic assessment, you can do a site specific study to see if you meet the NRC requirements. But typically I think as Paul was pointing out Charles, that I think you would do that at the end of the year or at the end of the life of the unit.
Drew Marsh: Sure, I mean I think you would do it relative to a safe store environment or an environment where you would more rapidly decommission the assets or if you - but if you're going to go through a sale process like we are with NorthStar, it's almost like a separate assessment than what you're seeing on page 29. Page 29 is more of the normal stuff.
Rod West: Julien this is Rod. One, we are staying in MISO and much of the capital planning for the utility business is consistent with the MTEP processes through '17 and certainly '18 and beyond. The significance of the settlement in Louisiana plays along with that. Part of that 995 reset in our Louisiana FRP includes an expectation of about $0.5 billion a year during the period in transmission alone. And so the capital plan is consistent with our expectations around our earnings opportunity and the growth in CapEx will be fueled in part by what comes out of the MTEP process with MISO.
Rod West: Yes, I'll go ahead with that one for Steve, it is true. So yeah we have several levels and that we think we can pull to manage the operational spot, but as far as Utility Parent & Other, we're right on track to begin with.
Rod West: If you think about what our generation moves have been over the course last ten years, Michael they actually have been generation that we've acquired in Mississippi and Arkansas. But it's all the same strategy. The majority of the generation hand has to do with age and the efficiencies you mentioned of the existing suite that we have. So as we deactivate those less sufficient, higher cost, less environmentally friendly units. We are replacing those with a combination of acquired units. What it would be Union [indiscernible] transferring, the long list of things that we already acquired or the new wells like St. Charles, Lake Charles, Montgomery County, Nine Mile 6 et cetera. So in those other jurisdictions that will be there as well, on the first - on the last quarter call we identified - I think somebody asked about the new generation dollars that didn't show up, those had shown up as one of those other jurisdictions because of that same need. And as you mentioned down the road we do have the coal plants that - certainly gas has become very, very competitive with coal and depending on what happens with environmental regulations et cetera, so you need the - the short answer is yes. We do see the need for new generating resources across all of our jurisdictions not just Louisiana and Texas. And in fact over the last decade you've seen us add generation in New Orleans, Mississippi and Arkansas as well. Going forward it will probably be a combination of looking at new gas, but also some of the projects have already been announced. For example project in Arkansas or PPA, that's a renewable resource. So we should start to see renewable battery storage those sorts of things show up at some point in time in that two as they become competitors. So, yes those leads are ageing as well and yeah we'll end up with new generating resources there.
Leo Denault: Yes, Steve, the bottom line is that as we have been for really over 10 years now, we are in a major technological improvement. And the entire system started in generation worked its way into transmission and now it's getting more into distribution and I would say in some respects you start to see a molding of some of the distribution opportunities with the kind of generation opportunities we have. So we continue to have an ageing generation fleet that we are updating in terms of what we got going on right now at St. Charles, Lake Charles, Montgomery County, Washington Parish Energy Center and the New Orleans power station. The 1000 megawatts of renewables that I talked about are things that will come into play to both - on the one hand replace other ageing generation that we would deactivate as new generation comes in line. But they come in line as renewables because they are both a competitive with generation that they would replace, certainly the market and potentially as we go forward with other types of generation. But also some of them have distribution reliability opportunities as well, just have to be more localized with generations, so you are not necessarily avoiding a generation that best be avoiding a large transmission investment. So those kinds of technological improvements plus distribution automation and other things that we could pursue that will allow us to better operate the grade lower cost or customers improve their liability and get closer to them in solutions. All of that we see as just a continuation of the process we've been undergoing. From a regulatory front, you're right, what we've done over the course for the last five years in particular is we've taken the opportunity to outline the types of investments that we need to make for our regulators and allow us to shrink up that regulatory marvel to match the customer benefits that will provide into the investments. So for example, what we have done with transmission in Louisiana in the new FRP, lines up really well with what was a big source of regulatory lag and a big source of dollars for our customers in the transmission space. So we already had AMI and generation covered really well, now we've got transmission in the same bucket to get a little bit more closely aligned with the regulatory mix with the type of investments we're making. So you're right the future is just improved technological advancements on the system across all functions and trying to make sure that we and our regulators work to benefit our customers with the most efficient regulatory model that we can get.
Leo Denault: Stephen, I'll start, I'll let Chris jump in, but the bottom-line is we are continuing to spend a significant of our resources and effort on our nuclear fleet and we are seeing progress in the areas we expected to see progress. As I think Chris outlined, when we first began, it's going to take a few years and a couple of outages in the new facility to get the equipment in the place that we need to get. But we hired a 1000 people last year in the nuclear fleet, so that we expected that Drew mentioned that we showed up in the first quarter. But at high level I would say that we are making progress in the way we expected.
Leo Denault: At this point I would say, fairly ratable at some point in time. But, right now, what we are in the midst of is a couple of RFPs that were out there in terms of negotiating some of those projects, got a couple that we've announced that are PPAs and obviously some of these are going to end up being owned as I mentioned on the last call. The majority of the dollars that you would see which show up kind of - when they do at the end or outside of the outlooks that we provided, as you might guess, we are in discussion with things most of which will show up in the 2020 and beyond time frame. Some of the projects could be a decent size, but it's our objective as I mentioned earlier to a last question is just that we continue to evaluate these on two fronts and one is as new generation resources, but also given the nature of how you can locate and then the speed with which they can be put together were they would make transmission sense as well. So, we are excited about the opportunity, lot of it has to do with how the cost curves move over the next few years as well.
