Leo Denault: Sure. Just from the tax rate change in isolation, it is probably $0.10 to $0.15 if you went from 35% to 20%. But, again, as I mentioned, we would still have the NOL in place. So we wouldn't expect any real cash impact near term for that.
Leo Denault: Stephen, our expectation through 2021 is that we would be able to get back to about flat from a cash flow perspective and you can see where the EBITDA is. And net of all the specialized -- and that includes all of the -- the special items include all of impairment expectations and the capital expenses and everything else. It doesn't include the ND team which I mentioned is sensitive which would take us a little further negative. But we have opportunities operationally and in some of our balance sheet items like working through the working capital and other things to bring us back to negative. And if we're successful, we can get a little higher than that.
Leo Denault: 2017 through 2020? I think this year will probably be probably a negative cash flow year because we have three refueling outages in the business and as we move forward, it would be a little bit better than that. And then as we get toward -- we will have expenses associated with severance and retention that we incur as each plant shuts down. I think most of that is detailed in the back in the appendix.
Leo Denault: Well, I will start and then I will let Theo or Rod jump in. But our growth profile right now, particularly over the term that we give the outlook through 2019, is pretty set as it relates to the modernization of our infrastructure across all segments of the business, whether it is generation, transmission or distribution. And recall that a lot of what we're doing on the generation and transmission side is both catching up to a short position plus modernizing aging and less efficient infrastructure on both sides. So changes in growth profile that would be caused by anything that's coming up with Trump would probably not happen fast enough to have any kind of impact on our growth strategy as it stands right now. If we were to start to see things happen that -- particularly in the energy sector that started to provide a stimulus for growth where we started to see our existing customers expand or new customers show up, that would really be more of a continuation of the existing story. We've got the 3% industrial growth that we had in 2016 that we're looking at again in 2017. That just might continue that path, but that most likely would be in projects that would show outside of the 2019 timeframe.
Leo Denault: And I guess we're at a normal run rate right now and if you think about it, Michael, we're actually in the -- and I was talking that section of my script around the nuclear corporate organizations, as well as the corporate organization as it relates to overhead inside EWC. We're -- as we have said here over the course of the last several months, we're running somewhat of a lean shop strategy. So we've got that going for us to begin with as we start to ramp up to get more towards industry benchmarks at the same point in time the EWC is shutting down. The whole point there is we made the decision to shut down Vermont Yankee in 2014. We started looking at the issue in terms of rightsizing the organization then with an eye towards recognizing that a lot of this stuff has been in the works for a long time. From 2014 to 2021, we had a seven-year period where the plants will sequentially go away and we have already started working on that organizational size. The question comes up from time to time about the overhead as if it's an issue. It is just not. That was the point I was trying to make.
Leo Denault: Steve, I would say that right now there is no update on the costs. You should assume that they are what we have outlined in originally and continue in the numbers today. As far as updates, right now the nuclear strategic plan is all wrapped up in our expenditures. They are in all of the guidance that you have got right now. We're beginning to see improvements in the operations of the facilities. So I think it would just be on a regular basis and probably more by exception than anything else as far as what we would be updating you on. As far as where it sits in the regulatory process, as Drew mentioned, everything that we've got going on at the moment is just running through the normal regulatory processes that we've already got in place, particularly given the fact that we've put some pretty good mechanisms in place over the course of the last several years to adjust things on a regular basis. And, as you know, we're in the process of reviewing some of those costs that were in the 2017 -- or the 2016 filed Formula Rate Plan. There is no procedure in Arkansas. There is no procedural schedule for that at the moment. We would anticipate that that will get done if not before, at least within the same context as when we make the next filing of the FRP in Arkansas.
Leo Denault: Really what that is the fact of the matter is the process is a brand-new process, the Formula Rate Plan with the forward-looking test year. And so we're just going through the process and the Commission just wants to make sure they got it right, that's all.
Leo Denault: That's right. That's right. If you recall, last year before we put the nuclear costs in, we were expecting to be more steady in that. And now we've got the nuclear costs in. But as time moves forward, we would expect to get recovery of those costs and we would get back on track to our original plan. So that's why 2019 is still where we would put it, I guess, a year ago. And the other, 2017 and 2018 moved down slightly, but we expect to get back on track.
Leo Denault: Well, I mean I think, as Drew mentioned and I think everybody else in the industry has probably mentioned, it's pretty early in the process as it relates to what's going on in the dynamics. Then I think what will be the most determinative over time are the interplays of all these different items, not only how they impact our industry, but others as well. But I would say that the dialogue that the industry has had with folks at the White House and on the Hill has been constructive. I think the history the industry has in terms of the way our rate regulated regimes work is understood by a large number of folks. And so I think that we're in a position where we're talking to the right people. We're having a lot of dialogue. Everybody's doing it with a pretty aligned point of view and we hope that things constructive come about because of it. And, again, the nature of our business being rate regulated certainly does provide some nuances that are important to us. It may not be important to other industries, but that has been provided for in the past when there's been tax law changes. And, also, the fact that we're rate regulated gives us some ability to make sure that we have rational regulation around the way the law turns out, just like we do today in terms of normalization practices and things like that.
Leo Denault: Well, the way the process falls out is we have corporate organizations that allocate costs to EWC. Again, a seven-year period over which plants go away one at a time to be able to manage that process. We have already begun managing it on Vermont Yankee which is over -- we have already gone through the process of shutting down Vermont Yankee. We have already managed it as it relates to the Rhode Island plant which we have already sold. We have already managed it as it relates to the wind assets which we have already sold. We will manage it as it relates to Fitzpatrick which will be sold this year. We will manage it as it relates to Palisades which will shut down in 2018 and Pilgrim in 2019 and then in 2020 and 2021. It is just -- it's a process that has to be managed as it relates to what those costs are. But to right-size the organization over a seven-year period is something that we will be able to manage. So I guess, Julien, it's just not an issue of significance that I would say.
Leo Denault: That's correct. And in the slide in the front, we talk about the NDT earnings and the decommissioning expense that is on slide 13. And you see initially, there's a pretty big gap between the decommissioning expense and the NDT earnings. I think one thing that is important to know there is, for the earnings part of that, we're assuming that we're realizing only about 45% of 6.25% of the earnings in 2017. And so it is effectively showing you a 3% return on your NDT earnings. The rest of it is going straight to the balance sheet. And then in 2018, we will have an accounting change which would cause us to mark-to-market much more of the equity portion of the trust. And so our return will go up substantially, not from 6.25%. It's going to stay there, but we will just acknowledge more of that in the income statement which will close that gap. And then over time, if we're successful, of course, in doing more VY-like type transactions, that should shrink as well.
Leo Denault: Yes, yes. It was part of the FRP as it relates to the rates that are in effect today and that's where we're going through the process where the Commission wanted to go back and review some more information on those costs. There is no procedural schedule around that at the moment, but then there will be another FRP filing this summer. And so there will be more costs associated with every -- the whole business, including ANO, at that point in time. So we would anticipate that the one that is out there today will either get a procedural schedule before that time or it will get wrapped up at the same point in time. That's the next step --
Leo Denault: Correct. They are just reviewing them. They didn't set them aside out of the pricing. They are all being recovered today.
Drew Marsh: Well, that is true and I can just talk to the balance sheet items and what is going on there. I will let Bill talk to the commercial element that I think is associated with your question. The trust -- the liabilities and the trust -- well, let me say the liabilities are accreting over time. I'm not sure I understand if there's a question in there about the liabilities. But they are accreting over time and we're seeing some expense associated with that. The trust assets -- and our seed minimums are all met. The trust assets are growing at about -- we're assuming the growth is around 6.25% over time. By the way, there is a rule change in 2018 about how much income we may recognize because we moved to mark-to-market on the equity portion of our trust. But I think that we're anticipating and our current plan is profitable that we would put some money into the decommissioning trust. We talked about that. There is some we're expecting to put in for both Palisades and Indian Point, but the Pilgrim trust is pretty well funded at this point, as you can see in that table. It's at $960 million. So I will turn it over to Bill to allow him to talk a little bit about the commercial implications of where the trusts are and how we might disposition them.
Drew Marsh: Well, we're still -- this is true. We're still thinking about, I guess either place you could base it off of where we're for 2016 or if you went back to an adjusted view of 2015, it would be a little bit higher than that. But either way, I think our objective is to try and get in that range each year, although at times it will be a little lumpier than most. So I think it doesn't really matter, Steve, where you would start from is our objective, but we should be able to get in there over time.
Drew Marsh: I can throw in some modeling elements, too. This is Drew. From a modeling perspective, when we started we had about $35 million per plant of overheads. And we've had direct costs for each plan. I don't have the percentages in front of me right now for each plant going back to Vermont Yankee. But each one of those is going to peel off as those plants are shut down. And I think there may be about 40% or so left that is indirect costs and those are the ones that we will have to work down over time that Leo is talking about and we've got a really good headstart. So I think at the end of the day, what we're going to end up with is the costs that are reasonable and necessary to operate the business going forward. And that should make sure that we have reliable and safe operations of our nuclear plant. So I think that's the -- from a modeling perspective, those are the things that you would look at as it winds down over time.
Drew Marsh: Jonathan, this is Drew. Clearly we have a fairly narrow range out there for utility, parent and other. And if you were to layer on the change in tax rate and the interest expense, that -- assuming that was the scenario you ended up with, it would probably move you close to the bottom of that range. It's too early to tell about what we decide to do with the ranges at this point. But if you just were to take those two things in isolation, that would probably bring it to the bottom of the range. But it's not clear yet that we would move the range or change our guidance or anything at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on some of the last questions here. Can you talk a little bit about some of the costs associated with EWC and how that might get allocated out in the future vis-a-vis the regulatory business? It might somewhat dovetail with your talk about spreading down costs overall, but just wanted to understand how that process plays out. Then I've got a follow-up.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But just to follow up here just quickly, you talked about the non-nuclear assets and Cooper contract being generally earnings neutral. But just outside of that on a go forward basis, 2021 onwards, you're talking about ramping down the costs. There should be no other costs outside of decommissioning and NDT that need -- that are ongoing. The remainder is either cut and/or allocated out and largely there is no other cost EPS that you are going to [indiscernible] the business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry. Just a quick follow-up on Arkansas Nuclear One, what is the timeline for filing for and/or process to just get recovery on the regulated expense there? Just a quick one.
