Leo P. Denault: Yes. Well, the reality is, is that we're still facing lower prices, overall. So as Drew suggested, on a per-megawatt-hour basis, we're seeing a reduction. So while we're encouraged and we've seen some uplift from areas such as the Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone, the fact is, in a lot of the other markets, specifically in the New England market, we're not getting appropriate rents in terms of capacity prices. So net-net, you're correct. We're still looking at a decline in total EBITDA for EWC for '14.
Leo P. Denault: I don't believe that it includes all of the HCM efforts, but it does reflect our point of view on current market conditions.
Leo P. Denault: Well, that's -- this is Leo, Angie. That's primarily given who kind of leads some of those efforts and they work in conjunction with the folks within the business units. So the kind of people who do all that kind of activity primarily are driven out of the corporate organization, so that's more just our organizational structure than anything else.
Leo P. Denault: I'll let Rod take that. Rod West, who's our Chief Administrative Officer, all of the HCM effort is being directed under his organization. So I'll let Rod take that.
Leo P. Denault: I think, Andy, the clarification was is that the EBITDA number did not include HCM, but we would anticipate there would be some...
Leo P. Denault: That's fair, Greg. I mean, the major component is to become more efficient, and through the efficiency, we should end up with lower rates, lower costs to our customers, and have a better shot at earning the rate of return that we're allowed. That's correct.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as we look at that portfolio, as Leo mentioned, we consider all options, and we do this on a regular basis. So obviously, we look at a hold-and-optimize scenario, where we are taking the steps to reduce our costs and be as efficient as we can at each and every facility. We also are -- explore market opportunities to determine if any asset or portfolio of assets would be better owned by another party. And we also continually evaluate the potential for a shutdown of a facility. So those are -- when we talk about options, those are kind of the 3 different areas that we constantly look at, and that's similar to what we've always done.
Andrew S. Marsh: We're not considering it added to the 6%, as I mentioned. There could be some small benefits short term but, ultimately, we expect it to be recognized in filings when it's sort of known and measurable and within the regulatory process of the utility. So we're not counting it really as incremental to the 6% target.
Andrew S. Marsh: It's -- we're still looking at it. Preliminarily, we would expect it to be a part of -- it would be reflected in the net revenue. But there's -- it could change with final orders that we ultimately get. The only change that we would see would sort of be whether or not we would recognize a liability on the balance sheet for the first 5 years. After that, everything is contingent and so it, clearly, wouldn't be a balance sheet liability. But, at this point, we expect it to flow through in net revenue.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. That was related to a potential change where, currently, we had accelerating depreciation as we get closer and closer to the end of life of the units, and we may make a change where we flatten that out a little bit. But that's -- I think that's the primary thing we're talking about there.
Andrew S. Marsh: No. Well, it would be beneficial to the end tail of the earnings. It would be against earnings. It would be harmful to earnings, actually.
Andrew S. Marsh: We don't have -- we're not -- we don't have that information right now. But we'll give you additional details later.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, we would only get to do that if we got a rate order, a rate deferral. I would think of it more as a regulatory asset that we would be able to realize over time on a one-time incurred costs.
Roderick K. West: And to be direct in answering your question, the timing is not designed to facilitate or feed a regulatory point of view. The timing of the HCM announcement really does reflect where the companies planning process has evolved to where we think we have a clear point of view on the savings and our confidence around being able to articulate what we think the bottom line impact would be. And so as we began this process, Leo, I recall, announced at EEI last year as we were formally beginning to publicly, at least, execute on our point of view around MISO and ITC, we had perspectives around where the organization needed to be on a going-forward basis. And as we evolved, as the analysis evolved, we felt more and more comfortable about when we'd be able to communicate. So the timing, it just reflects where we are.
Roderick K. West: Sure. Dan, I think, as we've discussed in prior conversations, the -- what you know and what we call the HCM process has been centered around 4 work streams, and both Drew and Leo alluded to them. The first is the Oregon process and I think that one answers your question in terms of where we think the lion's share of, at least, what we've communicated today, rest, particularly as we look to what's meaningful in '13 going to '14. Then you have comp and benefits, procurement costs, management and then the non-employee related operational expenses. And so the lion's share of the savings, order of magnitude, 1/2 to 2/3 perhaps, comes from our Oregon and process point of view.
Roderick K. West: If you're referring to the Avoided Cost column, it includes costs that would go away as a result of the transmission business going away. And, therefore, there's no more MSS-2 transactions potentially between the various operating companies. And also I think it also reflects maybe some impacts of zonal -- a change in pricing zone structures. I don't have in front of me the various pieces and parts as it relates to those 2 components, but I think we could follow up and get that to you.
Roderick K. West: Steve, this is Rod. They are currently included. I was just making the point earlier that the lion's share of that number was in the Oregon process, but all 4 work streams are and will continue to contribute to our point of view on the 200 to 250.
Theodore H. Bunting: This is Theo. I think what would happen if, in fact, you booked it upfront, you would recognize the liability. But the cost, obviously, would be recognized as an expense at the time you booked the liability, if in fact that was the case. As Drew said, that's not what we're saying, at this point in time, would be the case. If in fact, you had a liability as part of a regulatory construct, I would imagine that you're not likely to see that as it relates to regulatory rate setting going forward.
Theodore H. Bunting: As you state, I mean, the -- if in fact, it happens as we see it or expect it today, you would see the impacts of the rate mitigation flowing through currently as reduction to revenue, which obviously would have a -- put downward pressure on ROEs. You would also have, as the regulatory processes move forward, you would see the impacts of cost-cutting making their way through the regulatory process. That could happen at various points in time. Obviously, as that happens, as Leo mentioned earlier, we would see rates being adjusted to reflect those changes in cost structure within the utility. So for a period of time, there is a potential that you could have offsets but, again, as you go forward and the regulatory process encompasses those rate reductions within the setting of rates, the rates would be adjusted commensurate with that and those benefits would flow back to customers at that point in time.
Theodore H. Bunting: Steve, this is Theo. Yes, I believe -- if we achieve that, we would -- I think we'd be -- I think, yes. I think the answer is yes, we'd be pretty much be earning our allowed ROEs within the constructs of the jurisdictions.
Theodore H. Bunting: Charles, I think if you look at what has been filed as a part of that rate mitigation plan, I think what we would -- what has been proposed is you would have an independent third-party that would be approved by some regulatory -- would be mutually agreed upon between ITC and some -- a regulatory body.
