Bill Mohl: Sure. Dan, this is Bill. A couple of things. As we look at what's happened in the short term -- shorter-term market, as mentioned, we've seen moderate weather increasing storage, obviously, the front end of the curve has dropped down. However, when you look at 2015, we are still -- our point of view is consistent with the market. And in fact, in the second quarter, we executed about 750 megawatts of hedges or converting placeholder hedges into more fixed-price hedges, which represents about 17% of the portfolio. So at this point in time, we believe we have got 2015 adequately hedged. As you look out into the future, '16 and beyond, our point of view is largely unchanged. Perhaps, 2016 was reduced a little bit from a point of view perspective. But remember that, as we talk about the ability to hedge, there's a couple of things to consider. One is -- and primarily is the liquidity out in the marketplace. So as we look at hedging '16 to '18, we're seeing a much less liquidity than we do for 2015. Obviously, our point of view is higher than current market prices and increasingly higher as you go further out on the curve, really due to the drivers, both from a heat rate perspective, heat rates being compressed, and our point of view on demand for natural gas. So we remain bullish on natural gas because of addition of gas generation, shutdown of coal units, incremental industrial load, additional exports to Mexico and LNG expansion. So really, the challenge we face '16 to '18 is just a lack of liquidity and the fact that our point of view was substantially higher. The other piece of that is, if you remember, I think we were pretty clear at Analyst Day, volatility in the markets has been substantial since the polar vortex. Therefore, making structured products, options, et cetera, much more costly and really, we don't believe now is the time to put those hedges on.
Bill Mohl: Sure, this is Bill. As it relates to our point of view on New York, if you look at where they stand, obviously, they're in a situation where they've got declining reserve margins. In fact, as Leo mentioned, if you look at their projections as they go into the future, they really need Indian Point. In fact, if they try to pull Indian Point out of the portfolio, even with some of the resource additions proposed, they violate reliability limits. So we believe that projects or policies such as REV are certainly something that can be implemented over time, but it will take a substantial amount of time to implement those. And if you look at a lot of the proposed projects in New York and the timing associated with those projects, you really have to question the viability of those projects and if they can meet the actual commercial operations date. So our point of view is that Indian Point remains critical for reliability, economic sustainability and also environmental sustainability. As it relates to Lower Hudson Valley zone, we feel confident that FERC will uphold its decision on that zone. Prices can change in that zone as resources are added. As we look out into the future, we include some of that in our forecast. Obviously, Danskammer is on the front burner right now, and so we're watching that very closely. Our point of view on that is that maybe part of that unit may become commercially viable within a reasonable period of time. The rest of that unit may take longer as it relates to the larger units at that facility. But we -- in general, we believe that the pricing associated with LHV will be maintained and that FERC will uphold its prior decisions.
Bill Mohl: This is Bill. I would say at this point we have not seen any -- we haven't had any significant dialogue associated with that. We've had some conversations with the PSC, but I think, like us, everybody is still in the process of trying to evaluate this and understand how it practically gets implemented. So it wouldn't be fair to say we've seen a change in their position at this point in time.
Bill Mohl: Sure. Jonathan, this is Bill. Yes, we're well aware of the filing that's been made regarding that facility. Our understanding at this point in time is that is for to meet a short-term reliability need. As it relates to FitzPatrick, we always consider those types of options. But in general, we continue to try to advocate for improved market structures. Our general thought is that the -- if we have the right market structure which values the attributes of specific generators, obviously, with nuclear its base load carbon-free generation with on-site fuel, that is a much better long-term solution. However, if there are opportunities to enter into other agreements based on certain other needs on the system, such as reliability, we certainly are open to that, but nothing on the table right now.
Bill Mohl: Sure. I mean, the couple of things you have to remember that I think are constants in what we've talked about for a number of years as is relates to point of view and the forward market is number one is, as you look at the forward power markets, you got to remember that there's a lot more sellers than there are buyers as it relates to long-dated transactions. And so while we see very good liquidity in the front end of the curve so, obviously, for the prompt months and for the next year, as you get beyond that, you have a lot less natural buyers. As a result of that, probably one of the key drivers in the lower market prices is lower heat rates. And that's just kind of the situation that we are dealing with and we have been dealing with. As you get closer to delivery, then you will see the markets respond, you'll see heat rates increase and you'll see the issues, such as the physical constraints that exist in the market -- in the physical delivery market start to come out in the forward market. And so I can't tie it to any specific issue. Our belief is that, in general, infrastructure in the Northeast is going to be constrained. We're seeing a lot more retirements than we are seeing resource additions. Therefore, we're seeing lower reserve margins. And as we saw during the polar vortex, when you get periods of high peak demand, then you see a significant rise in the price of both natural gas and the price of power.
Bill Mohl: Yes, we'll see the prompt years start to rise. And as you get closer to delivery, then depending on what the actual physical conditions are, then you see much more volatility as we did this last winter.
Bill Mohl: Well, first, let me say that this type of intervention in the markets goes to the very heart of what we're working on from a market structure perspective and is what's actually undermining some of the markets overall when we actually see political motives behind proposed changes that affect that market. As it relates to this specific appropriations bill, we -- it's not currently -- has not been initiated in the Senate at all, and our prevailing belief is that FERC has ruled on this. They've had all the information required to make their decision, and we remain confident they will maintain that decision going forward.
Bill Mohl: Sure. I think you saw a flurry of activity last week regarding this matter, where we had a number of politicians, business folks, community members really speak out against the proposed capacity outages. Following that, the ALJs decided that they were going to push back the hearings associated with that topic for several months that were scheduled to be -- take place in January 2015. Our point of view on this whole process hasn't really changed since we talked to you at Analyst Day as we don't see any decision occurring on this matter any time before 2016 and likely gets -- may get pushed beyond that. So our point of view on that's consistent with what we talked to you about at Analyst Day.
Bill Mohl: There could be a decision at that point in time. However, remember that as we detailed, there's a number of appeals, processes, et cetera, that we would -- we could pursue, so that wouldn't be the final word, so to speak.
Leo P. Denault: Sure, Dan. The whole M&A question for us has not changed in terms of how we think about it. We have our objectives as a company that we're trying to meet in terms of growing the business. And if we can do transactions that will facilitate that objective, we will do them. So something with a growth opportunity, something with a balance sheet opportunity, something with a cash flow opportunity, things like that. The capital decision that you're talking about, for us, is probably a little bit unique in that we have significant amount of growth opportunities that reside within the Utility itself, the organic kind of growth. So that just, I guess, would tend to potentially make the bar higher if we were looking to deploy capital, deploy balance sheet towards something. It would have to be a superior way to grow the business than the objectives or the opportunities that we have within the business itself. And again, as we've talked about a lot of times, the size of the customers that we look to add, that 1,700-megawatts is between now and kind of the foreseeable future. But as long as oil to gas ratio stays where it is, as long as the opportunities remain out there from a manufacturing standpoint, we -- that was just a point-in-time estimate. We go out beyond that. We would continue to see that growth opportunity. So nothing's changed. If you think about our objectives, growing the Utility business and preserving the optionality within EWC, if we can help manage that with a transaction, we'll do it. But the thing we have to be mindful of is the capital deployment opportunities we have within the business as well.
Leo P. Denault: Kit, if I could just add, there's a -- as Rod said, there's stated objectives about the reduction, stated objectives about the flexibility, stated objectives about types of technology and everything and then there's a lot of math behind the rule, and we're not sure that the math and the stated objectives all mesh up as well. But as he said, proposed rule, through constructive dialog, through those sorts of things, maybe we get there. But it's just -- it's kind of drawing that line, as Rod said, between all those objectives, the complexity of the state-by-state issue and then the math that goes behind it that might not support it. But we're -- it's still early in the process.
Leo P. Denault: Well, I'd say that in continuing with the past practice, we are not putting our point of view in guidance. In continuing with other -- with past practices, where we've got it overarching in our decision-making process and in our outlook. So when we look at guidance with the exception of the fact that I think last year, when we are given -- we had to put something in on Lower Hudson Valley and there was no market, and so we -- we're clear about imputing that. Our guidance is inclusive of market, not our point of view. Our outlook of what we think is achievable and where we'll be, that's based on what we think is going to happen. And in a lot of situations, that includes an assumption about the price power, and that's where we put our point of view in where we think we'll be at that point in time. But this -- we would distinguish that different from guidance, and that's I don't different than our past practices. As far as how often we'll update that, obviously, we're going to continue to give you a perspective around where we think we're going to get by 2016, et cetera. But that we'll probably just do on a quarterly basis and if we're not -- while we update our book every day, we don't run all the way through all the financial models everyday all the time. Hope that helps.
Leo P. Denault: Well, they could actually make a decision themselves by the end of the year. However, we have reason to believe, as based on previous experience, that, that decision could actually be further delayed. Remember, consistent with our discussion at Analyst Day, then that would -- if it was an adverse decision, then we would take that to a Secretary of Commerce appeal process, which lasts over a year, and then there is appeals process is over that -- in addition to that. So at this point in time, everything that we had mentioned at Analyst Day is still correct.
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. It's more of the latter, Julien. It's -- the Utility, we continue to look for ways that we can look for levers that can help us maintain the $1 billion to $1.50 billion and if the opportunity is available, maybe go above that. But right now, what we're talking about is -- at the Utility, is the $1 billion to $1.50 billion. And then our point of view is the part at EWC that gets us back to the 2% to 4%.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I mean, as you know, it gets set at the end of each year, based on interest rates at that particular point in time, and so it is uncertain as to what it'll actually become until you get to that point. The interest rates have been trending down most of the year, so there is some risk to that, that -- and I know you all are aware of that. But I want to just -- that's just part of the list. We want to make sure that you're thinking about all the drivers that we're thinking about.
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. That just relates to normal incremental capital, most of it above what we're depreciating right now related to Fukushima and the like. So that's just normal changes. Last year, Paul, you remember that we had that new depreciation study, and that's what was driving the larger change last -- from last year to this year. Going forward, we wouldn't expect to see such a large change. It will just be normal capital increases.
