Theodore H. Bunting: I'll start. This is Theo. I'll start with Arkansas. I mean, obviously, we've made a filing for our petition for rehearing, and we'll see how that goes. And that will obviously inform us in terms of what we do going forward. In Mississippi, we're still evaluating whether we need to file a rate case. But the -- we do know that 2013 test year for our fee filing is suspended. And if we do file a case, it'll be to prepare Entergy Mississippi for a post-System Agreement timing and also to move some of our power management riders that we recover certain costs around -- capacity costs around plants today into base rates. We also had a depreciation rate filing that we did or studied. I believe that was done in 2011. That could be operated in a rate case in Mississippi. But I think also, it will allow us the opportunity to explore some alternatives to unknown and measurable changes that could occur during a rate effective period, as Leo talked about in his opening comments. As you go forward, obviously, whether we file additional rate cases will be impacted by a couple of things you mentioned: where we see ourselves in terms of sales growth; the bearish regulatory mechanisms we have in play within some of these jurisdictions that might allow us to change the dollars we're recovering without necessarily filing a base rate case, for instance in Texas, where have rider opportunities. We have rider opportunities in other jurisdictions as well, Louisiana and the case I just mentioned, Mississippi. In certain cases, you can get recovery through riders, primarily around capacity, without filing base rate cases. As to where we go past the case that I just discussed, that'll have a lot to do with the cost structure, with sales growth, with the investment opportunities that we have overall and the mechanisms that are in play that will allow us to recover that without necessarily having to make a base rate case filing.
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, Steve, this is Theo. I think when you think about what's in it, what's was not, primarily -- I think did talk about this a little bit at EEI, if I recall. What's in and in the forecast is basically the things that we felt had a clear line of sight on, felt good about at that time, which primarily are things we've had signed agreements or arrangements in place or was very clear we were going to have such an arrangement. So that's what you have in the forecast. As we move forward, you see on Drew's slide, and I believe this is on Page 12, contracts signed. A lot of that will show up in that particular category. And basically, I believe maybe about 1/3 of that maybe shows up through 2016. So there's still amounts post the years 2016. So I think that's how you think about it. In terms of how it affects the bottom line, obviously, as the sales take place, depending on where you are within a process of your various regulatory mechanisms in those jurisdictions, will inform as to the impacts those will have. If there is investment associated with it, as Leo talked about, the transmission opportunity, obviously that investment would be incorporated, and you would have the sales, you would have the cost. As rates get reset, obviously the sales become a part of your revenue requirements, the costs become a part of your investment. And the investment, obviously, and the returns on it flow to the bottom line. The sales get -- become a part of that process of resetting rates
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure. Mike, I think what you're seeing, I would believe, would be consistent with what you're seeing with other companies across the country. You're starting to see the effects of energy efficiency. And I think as we started the year of 2013 on our first call, we talked about our views of the impacts of that. And we would expect to see residential sales growth tempered. And, as you can see from our results for the year, they were actually slightly down a little bit. That's not inconsistent with our expectations. I will say the degree of which it's down is probably maybe a little more than we had expected, but not much. As it relates to kind of the economic change, I think what you see, obviously, is a net effect. We do see -- still see positive customer growth if you look at our customer count numbers. But what you're starting to see, again, I think, is a phenomenon that you see across the industry, which is usage per customer is going down. So while I don't -- I think that you are seeing some positive economic effects through actual increase in customer counts, energy efficiency, obviously, is having an impact on what you would see incrementally relative to those increased customer counts.
Theodore H. Bunting: Just in ballpark numbers, I think what you see, residential maybe is maybe even larger, around a $0.04 or so; commercial is $0.03; and maybe industrial, maybe somewhere around $0.02, generally speaking.
Leo P. Denault: Julien, the -- where our transmission is today, we do have in -- as we said, over the next 3 years, $1.7 billion in our plan for transmission expenditures. As I mentioned in my comments, there are several things out there that could increase that if there are projects that are beneficial to customers that reduce congestion, that improve reliability, that provide access to generation within the MISO equipment, et cetera, or they -- any PMBP projects that would be out there, part of the Order 1000. So there are things out there just in the system as it stands. The other aspect is, as we start to get more line of sight on this economic development front, certainly if 2,400 megawatts show up or more, that's just what's been announced to date, and there's nothing in the commodity strips that would lead you to believe that, that renaissance is over, that's going to provide a situation where there might be more transmission investment as well if you start adding -- like the Sasol example that Drew gave us, 200 megawatts in one facility. Those sorts of things are going to have an impact. So there is the opportunity for that transmission investment to be larger if there are things that we can do to benefit customers or to hook up new customers. And it would appear that the market is ripe to have some of that happen, but it's a little early to tell right now.
Leo P. Denault: No, I think you're seeing a change, Kit. You could – [indiscernible] anything to do with the near-term pricing. It's really a function of -- we've been telling you for a while that we are exploring opportunities, and in the exploration of those opportunities, we didn't find anything that we liked, and we like owning them better. And so that's where we are at this point. Then we still own Vermont Yankee also. I mean, we'll continue to open it, even when it's being decommissioned. So there is a change. We still believe that the separation of the risks would make sense, but we also believe in creating value. And if we can't do it without the right amount of value, then we're going to continue to hold those ransom [ph]. As you say, our strategy is to preserve optionality in those plants, and we do that operating and through our hedging strategy and through the licensing process, I mean, obviously, to manage the risk as best we can. So you did pick up on a change.
Leo P. Denault: Well, the majority of it is going to be -- is what's in our base plan. And then the next layers of it will be what comes about through just normal business. It's just such that our normal business includes some significant potential load, as it were. It's if they're industrial customers as opposed to the residential customers and industrial customers of size. So a lot of that, while it's in MISO and there's a planning process when it becomes part of the plan, it's not -- in the realm of outcome, I don't think it's significantly different than what we have in general and have traditionally had. We just might have an opportunity bigger than the $1.7 billion. And then, as it relates to the process, once we start to move in over the next few years with the Multi-Value Projects, NEP projects, the more FERC Order 1000 things, then we'll have to compete in that arena, and we would expect so to do so and to be successful.
Leo P. Denault: Yes. Stephen, a couple of things here. So first is the consistency filing itself, well, has been extended to the end of 2014. That's simply due to the need for the parties to work together, share more information, further vet issues. So we really -- so that was previously set for March and was moved back to the end of the year. As it relates to our other option on grandfathering, I think you're well aware of the fact we lost the initial decision on that. We are in the process of appealing that decision to the state courts. And we may have further appeals depending on the outcome of that case. That will probably take us through the end of 2014 as well. And then, of course, we have the previous review argument, which is kind of held in the background as another option that the NRC has not yet ruled on and is also being considered by the state of New York. So we think, through all these various processes, that this will go on for a period of time. And eventually, we plan to be successful with it, but obviously, a lot of uncertainty now with the various cases that are ongoing.
Leo P. Denault: Steve, this is Leo. Just to kind of add to that, if you think about it, for the near term in particular, it would primarily be transmission investment. To the extent these are large loads, you would anticipate that the sales level would be significant enough to make it positive to the bottom line, even though there could be some lag in the recovery of the transmission investment. In the areas where you've got FRPs, you're going to have some catch-up in the next year. And then in the case of Texas, for example, you've got the transmission rider, which could help in some respects. But we're trying to put the regulatory mechanisms in place to mitigate any lag. But at the same point in time, the size of these could make a big difference in how this turns out as well.
Leo P. Denault: As Drew mentioned, right now, the plan we have supports the dividend policy. The board will continue to look at where we stand at the dividend, as we have always been. The dividend comes from the utility, and anything that comes out of the merchant business is distributed differently. So that strategy or that outlook hasn't changed. As we look at the dividend, we would be looking at that as we grow, as the utility grows, as we look at the overall risk profile of the company and we look at the reinvestment needs that we have based on just how quickly the utility grows and what happens with the need for capital there. If it were to be above, just for example, the 3-year plan that we have now, if the load growth shows up the way we would like it to, which would be higher than the 2% to 2.25% range, then certainly that may increase the need for capital within the utility impact. Not only earnings growth that would give us the opportunity to pay a higher dividend but also the reinvestments we need to be returning to make it. So all of that's going to go into the mix, pretty much like it always has. But the bottom line of the utility pays the dividend and the merchant business cash flow is distributed differently is still the order of the day.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, I think, Kit, if you look at the slide that shows the EBITDA for EWC, you could see where most of that is, particularly if you compare to kind of the last update we gave last quarter with the same slide. And so it's up considerably. And eyeballing it, $150 million, $175 million.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, and part of it is what we've seen very recently. There's still a good bit of it that is still to come. This is a mark of current expectations using forward prices as of December 31st. And so this includes -- at that point, it included the entire year of forward prices. So we -- obviously, we experienced some of that in January. Some of that has been realized early this month. But then, we have the full year still ahead of us.
Andrew S. Marsh: That's certainly in there, Steven. Yes, it's -- yes, I don't know that we're as precise with rulers, but yes, it's -- that's baked in there. That's part of it.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, I mean, I would -- that's the way I would describe it. I mean, we haven't seen the energy markets really move upward in any material fashion since then, a little bit in '15. But the capacity prices has clearly, like we've said, been offsetting.
Andrew S. Marsh: That's correct. Yes, so that would move something from the potential pipeline maybe into the contracts signed line.
Andrew S. Marsh: Okay. So the mark-to-market loss in '13 was around $45 million pretax. And then we would see that uplift in '14. So in that -- it's in that EBITDA number that you're seeing in that chart on EWC.
Andrew S. Marsh: That's correct. That's correct. And actually, some of it's at VY as well. That's -- for some of the hedges there. So that's one of the reasons why VY looks much larger than expected.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, we haven't -- from a guidance perspective on earnings, we've put in -- I think it was about 36% for an effective tax rate. Given our NOL position, we would expect our cash tax rate to be lower than that, but we haven't put any guidance out for that specifically.
Andrew S. Marsh: I wouldn't say we're in noncash tax paying status because we actually make deposits and those types of things as we go forward. So we will be paying some taxes, but it will be materially lower, I would expect, to the effective tax rate, at least for '14.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, that will be out in the K. Right now, I think it was at -- as of last year, it was still around a little over $12 billion. Most of that was tied up in the decommissioning election of cost of goods sold. About 3/4 of it was there.
