Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as you know, the Parent & Other is primarily comprised of interest expense and taxes. And of course, there's the affiliate preferred expenses in there as well. So that's certainly contributing as that's grown. The primary thing to think about is the tax piece of it. And particularly, as we move into 2014, we have historically used a weighted average sort of probability expectation of what our income tax is. And we place that in the Parent at the a beginning of the year, given the certainty of where it may ultimately shake out. This year, we have a better expectation of where it would probably land in that set Utility, so we've highlighted some of those Utility income tax benefits that I discussed a minute ago. That's the primary driver that you see kind of moving forward.
Andrew S. Marsh: So we use the group method of depreciation, which means that from time to time, we have to do an updated depreciation study to sort of reflect consistency with our actual experience. And we alluded to it very briefly on our last call, but didn't really give it a full discussion. Ultimately, the effect is to take away large increases that we would expect to see towards the end of life for the nuclear assets and sort of make the depreciation more ratable, like you would expect under normal situations when you kind of go forward. As you think about depreciation, it's a zero-sum game. By the time you get to the end of life on an asset, you're going to have to depreciate all of it. And so we're -- it's a little more ratable now with the new depreciation study. It doesn't affect the cash flow at EWC.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, on an EPS basis, yes. Not on EBITDA basis. I think it would be about the same that we were seeing before.
Andrew S. Marsh: And I'll just add, Paul, that we have historically used market views, and there wasn't a market view of Lower Hudson Valley, so we didn't have it. What we had was effectively a rest-of-state view in our last call. So this time, we are explicitly pointing out that we're putting a point of view in place for Lower Hudson Valley, since there's no specific price target out there. And we'll go back to a market view once that develops.
Andrew S. Marsh: That's right. And I think that's still the case. I think it's a little better, as we've pointed out, because of, like, the fuel write-down. And we're seeing a little bit of that in '14. In '14, there's a little more EBITDA pickup because of the fact that we're not actually having a refueling outage in that particular year. And so, that's what's your -- that's part of the driver for the improvement in EBITDA in '14, which we wouldn't have other normal -- otherwise seen under normal operating conditions.
Andrew S. Marsh: I don't have the exact depreciation for total VY in front of me, but we can follow up with that offline.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. What we're trying to point out is you could take the $145 million of direct cost out of sort of our base year of 2013, and you could still apply the 0.5% to 2.5% compound annual growth rate to that. And that would be sort of our revised view of where we might get to in 2016.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I think the big things are, like, pension expenses could be a big driver, if we were to acquire to more assets within the Utility, for example, that certainly adds more O&M expenses. Those are the kinds of things that could drive it up, if there are additional regulatory costs, that's something that certainly grown outside of typical inflation growth rates over the last few years. Those are the kinds of things that could push it up. Given our current expectation, 2.5% is probably on the -- it is on the high side, obviously. And I don't think under normal operating conditions, we'd expect to get all the way back to 2.5%. But those are the kinds of things that we're trying to account for, given the uncertainty associated with where the portfolio may go or where pension expenses may go, that kind of thing.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, 2.5% is accounting for the possibility of that. That's not to say that, that's what we are going out to do right now. It's just within the range.
Andrew S. Marsh: I mean, you were asking what could drive it up there, that's what we were thinking about when we put a number out there like that.
Andrew S. Marsh: Outside of the 0.5% to 2.5% growth area? I mean, I think that's where we are generally targeting. I mean that's what our -- we were trying to achieve the low end to that range, an idea where we might even beat it. But that is -- that's where we were comfortable putting out our guidance on '14 to '16 CAGR.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I don't think -- I think our suggestion before was that we weren't -- I think at the beginning of the year, we were suggesting that we were at the lower end of the range. And I think maybe the -- after the first quarter or the second quarter, we said that we were no longer in the lower end of the range. And for now, we're just saying we're in the middle. So I don't think, from our perspective, we've really moved a whole lot. And so, you're right, the district energy sale is reflected in there, it's about $0.15, and so that's part of the overall piece. But as you may recall from the beginning of the year, on January 1, we had about a $0.20 deficit on the pensions that we had to overcome because interest rates fell so far towards the end of last year. And so, I think that if you look across the businesses, I think there's good -- there's gives and takes at EWC, for example, with higher pricing in the first half of the year on energy, higher capacity pricing through the middle of the year, but some reductions from a volume perspective. And at the utility, I think there has been a little bit of negative weather, and that's offset a little bit lower growth -- well, I shouldn't say it's offset, it's a little -- there was a little bit lower growth than maybe we expected at the beginning of the year. That's been offset by some tax benefits and some other things. So I think, actually -- and I'll probably mention that, too, on the tax side, we guided you at the beginning of the year to about a 34% effective tax rate. And while we expect to do a little bit better than that by the end of the year, we expect it will to still be around that 34% effective tax rate range.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I mean, I think -- let me answer it this way. I mean, beyond 2014, we should have a pretty good view of our rate cases, as Leo mentioned earlier, and so that part will come into play. The HCM program should be in full swing, and we're going to try and get a better view of what we can do maybe even beyond HCM going forward, we're beginning to work on that. And a big piece of what the storyline is going to be beyond 2014 is going to be the possibilities with industrial growth at the Utility. And whether or not our historical load growth can actually begin to move at a higher rate than what we've seen, thanks to sort of the industrial renaissance. And I think we're going to talk a little bit more about that at EEI when we get there.
Leo P. Denault: You're jumping ahead of us a little bit on that, Greg, in terms of providing any kind of forward-looking outlook. We will discuss a little bit of that when we get to EEI in terms of what the opportunities are going forward and where we see the Utility. But, right now, we're not really prepared to go out beyond 2014.
Leo P. Denault: There are other components of rate base. But the pieces you're looking at have -- but there's deferred taxes and other things that go into that calculation as well. And I'm not trying to argue the math with you. I apologize, I'm just not prepared to go beyond 2014 right now. Sorry about that, Greg. I appreciate the question, though.
Leo P. Denault: I'll answer the first one, and then I'll turn the second none over to Bill. Fuel amortization is in the EBITDA number for Vermont Yankee.
Leo P. Denault: Yes. One thing to think about there is fuel is -- it's part of the write-down. You write-down all of the assets at Vermont Yankee, not just the actual plant itself. So that includes part of the fuel, so you see the fuel going down as well there.
Leo P. Denault: I'll let Drew answer it. Obviously, when you say negligible in 2013, certainly, the -- on an operational basis, it's negligible. And on an as-reported basis, I wouldn't necessarily call the parent negligible. But...
Leo P. Denault: Really, Dan, all I'm trying to say is nothing different than what we've said before. We really view Indian Point as a high quality asset, very vital to the region. And certainly provides the majority of the benefits that you would like to see in a power market in the economic environment. It provides jobs. It provides tax base. It provides reliability to the grid. It provides low-cost clean energy. It provides all the things, from a public policy standpoint that you would want. And certainly, we recognize that there are some folks who would like it to not operate to the end of its license life, and that's certainly not the opinion that we have. We think it's vital not only today, but it will continue to be a vital part of that market for years to come. We're just acknowledging that we know other people have a different point of view. And if there's something there that could result in common ground, where we can come up with, as we've talked about before, the certainty equivalent of value and glide path for the market, we'd be willing to do it. But there's no more emphasis on it than that. It's just something we're willing to explore.
Leo P. Denault: Technically, the merger agreement allows either of us to terminate the transaction after December 31. How we'll handle going beyond December 31 will be dependent on seeing the rest of the procedural schedule, and seeing what comes out of Arkansas and New Orleans, for example. And then, obviously, something that ITC and us will have to consider. But we're not prepared to go there at the moment.
Leo P. Denault: We didn't change the range, Julien, you're just talking about the fact that we said we should be around the midpoint.
