Leo P. Denault: Well, some of the things -- as far as normal O&M, we've got increases associated with merit and compensation expense such as that. Also we do have -- at EWC, we've got higher maintenance expense because of the outage at RISEC next year. Those go into that picture as well. In terms of normal O&M as it relates to what you see in the nuclear business, obviously, what we look at is any kind of costs that are associated with regulatory requirements and the like, which have driven costs in the past. And those are kind of the primary drivers of what we see next year and going forward, plus the timing of refueling outages and amortization. And we did have some changes this year because of what happened at Vermont Yankee as well because of the impairment.
Leo P. Denault: Jonathan, it's Leo. Wayne's looking at me. He's looking at the wrong guy here. Usually, Wayne handles that question, but I guess he is pushing that one off to me as -- this is part of transition. The -- our thinking around the dividend post the ITC transaction hasn't changed. The bottom line is the Utility sizes the dividend, always has. And buybacks come out of transaction-based items or out of the EWC or commodity-based businesses, depending on what we're doing at any point in time. What we've indicated all along as it relates to the dividend is that, one, it is a board decision; two, you're going to be getting a dividend from both Entergy and ITC once the transaction occurs. And when we look at the dividend post-transaction, we'll be looking to size that dividend accordingly based on the prospects of the Utility business. And when we looked at it originally, we were looking at we have the potential to be able to grow into that dividend that we have today, the $3.32, as the Utility continues to grow. As far as overall payout ratio, obviously, do -- things do change and we're going to have to pay attention to not only what happens to EWC pricing and overall earnings and what that payout ratio looks like, but also new investment opportunities at the Utility. And so the thinking hasn't changed. It's consistent with what we've been saying all along, but we'll just have to look at where we stand when the time comes, when we close on the transaction; what our dividend level is, what the ITC dividend level is because you'll, again, be getting a dividend from both of us at that point in time; what our capital program looks like; and what overall earnings look like at that time as well.
Leo P. Denault: The ITC piece is part of the equation. I'm not sure I'm -- I understand exactly what you mean by that...
Leo P. Denault: No. Well, originally, when we've been looking at this, certainly, our intention is that you end up with more dividends after the transaction than you would have had without the transaction. What we will be looking at when we make that decision is, again, the overall Entergy prospects, what the ITC dividend is, what our investment profile at the Utility looks like and what the overall payout ratio would be. And to the extent that, that supports $3.32 continuing, then we may be able to grow into that Utility dividend. The payout would be high relative to where we stand today on the Utility earnings piece. But if we can grow into it, that's something that we will consider at that time. And that's what we were talking about when we announced the transaction in December.
Leo P. Denault: Well, the why is to better align EWC activities within EWC. We're actually moving a couple of legal entities, the names of which you wouldn't recognize, from the reporting segment that is Parent & Other to the reporting segment that is EWC. And what happens between those is you have some intercompany interest and you have some taxes that are really more closely aligned with the EWC business, and so we're lining that up better. And that's what that $0.40 is. And it's probably, I want to say, 70-30 in terms of tax and interest.
Leo P. Denault: Well, again, Greg, it -- we will make the decision at the time we close on the ITC transaction. And we've always said that we'll make the decision and we'll size it based on those factors that I mentioned, at the time of the transaction, when it closes. When we look at it where we -- when we were talking about sizing that up back in December when we announced the transaction, we mentioned that, as those things looked at the time, it was possible that the $3.32 could stay in place and we could grow into that dividend. So we're not really saying anything different right now, other than we'll make that call at the time based on what happens during the 18-month-plus time frame between when we announced it and when we actually close.
Leo P. Denault: Well, again, those are the kinds of things that change, but it'll be more, not what happens between now and 2014, but what happens in 2014 and beyond that'll drive that decision on the dividend.
