DrewMarsh: This is Drew. I'll take that. And then Rod can provide any other framework elements as needed. But so we are adjusting, as I mentioned in my comments, we are adjusting our O&M and capital to prepare for or respond to, I guess, the order that we got to December, and you can see that in some of our capital disclosures. There is some other just normal pining capital moving around and some of the jurisdictions, but the main thing is in Arkansas, that's the primary thing that we are taking action to adjust with. In terms of potential upside, as I also said in my remarks to the extent that we were able to get the order reversed, we would anticipate putting most if not all depends on what the order would say, back into our capital plan, so that our customers can benefit from the capital and O&M that we are planning to deploy in Arkansas. So that's what's going on there.
DrewMarsh: And then I'll just talk about M&A and sales and possible portions of utilities certainly, of course, we're always open to anything that would be value creating for our stakeholders, which is always our number one rule in M&A anyway, is to, we would want to make sure that we're creating value for our stakeholders. Other considerations are execution and distraction from the things that we are doing to further create value for stakeholders already under way. The second one is probably the one that makes it perhaps a little bit challenging for us in the sense of trying to do that for equity raises because we would likely require approval from regulatory Commission's in order to do any sort of M&A activity at the APCO and so while we might be able to find good value, if you're - if we were counting on that for an equity raise, and we had to go through the regulatory process that would create a lot of uncertainty in that equity, right. So probably not the best path for us but certainly if there is value creation opportunity out there, then we would be looking at it.
DrewMarsh: Hey, Shar, this is Drew. So most of the savings that we saw in 2020, I would characterize as more one time in nature; they're part of our flexible spending efforts. And those are typically looking for ways to take action to manage to outcomes in that particular year. And so we would not necessarily see those as recurring. But this year, we've identified new ones that we would be able to use to manage this year, if needed. And we had continued on last year, after we said that we got to $100 million looking for more in the event that we needed it. And it turns out, as you know, that we need all of it. There - having said that, there were some things that were identified as potential continuous improvement elements and sort of fit into those other buckets, although they were relatively small, I would think in the 20% range. And those are now accounted for in our outlooks as part of our O&M expectations. And there are other things that we are looking at. We are driving our continuous improvement efforts forward. Things like real estate optimization are in the spotlight for us, as we think about how we manage our workforce of the future. And that's an easy one to consider as we go forward. So those things are part of what we're looking at. And some of those expectations are now getting baked into our outlooks.
DrewMarsh: Well, I think they're just part of our ongoing process. We don't have anything today. We don't have any specific timetable that we're working towards; it's just an ongoing element.
DrewMarsh: Yes, so this is Drew. So Leo, in his remarks mentioned some of the cost elements up to $140 million in terms of restoration costs, and an incremental $400 million in terms of fuel costs. So I'll give you a little bit color, and there will be more specific numbers in the K which will file in a couple of days. But on the fuel cost, I think it's all in it's about $500 million, I would say about $100 million is kind of what we would normally have expected. And that gives you to the $400 million that Leo was talking about. Of the $500 million, about $200 million of it is in Louisiana, and that is about 90%to 95% EOL and the rest in New Orleans, about $150 million is in Texas. And these are all round numbers. As I mentioned, you'll have specific ones later, there is a positive deferred fuel balance in Texas of about $90 million that'll help offset that. And then in the neighborhood of $100 million and Arkansas and around $50 million and Mississippi. So that's kind of how that would all break down.
DrewMarsh: No, no new changes from what we described in Analysts Day. We have made some progress. We got the aftermarket program up and running in January. And then we will have a proxy finally coming up. We'll have a request to get the authorization to issue preferred equity. So that should be coming up soon. But those are the only two things that are noteworthy since our last disclosure.
DrewMarsh: Sure, Jonathan. This is Drew. So as of the end of the year we had recorded bad debt expense of $112 million. Our normal bad debt expense in any given year is about $25 million. So that incremental $87 million was recorded as a regulatory asset, because we have orders in each of our jurisdictions that would allow us to recover those costs. The arrear is typically runs about three times higher than the bad debt expense. And so that number is pretty consistent, we've seen it begin to level off, but we need to see where it goes with this latest round of storms, and a little bit of backtracking on disconnects because of the storms. And we never did get often disconnects in Arkansas or New Orleans. So those two jurisdictions have continued on for a little bit longer. But that's kind of where we stand right now.
DrewMarsh: No, that's correct. There are some details in the appendix which talk about those things for 2020. And sure they are on the fourth quarter, most of that is in the fourth quarter, it was related to just annual true up that happened to work out in our direction, there was a small item that we found, which was an opportunity for us. But that's consistent with what we've been doing for a long, long time. Obviously, the big item, we adjusted out which we committed to you all we would do. And so going forward, any of those annual true up, they might break for us, they might break against us, and we have to manage within that. We do expect to find some small items going forward. But we're not counting on it. If you look at our tax rate for 2021 it's a 22%. And I think we're not disclosing it. But in our plan, we actually have it drifting back up to around 24%, 24.5% beyond that. We've had it lower for the last years as you know because we had all the AFUDC from the projects, all pretty much all of which went online in 2020. So that positive tax effect isn't as strong going forward.
DrewMarsh: It did. We also weren't planning the $0.16 regulatory provision from the Arkansas order. So it kind of balanced out.
DrewMarsh: That is that is primarily Arkansas there. We we've taken some capital out of 2021 and 2022. We put a little bit back in 2023 in Arkansas. There were some other timing elements of the other jurisdictions, but the main impact is Arkansas.
DrewMarsh: So we haven't, we don't have any additional information provide on timing. Other than what we've said previously, we do expect to issue some equity this year. And then we have the $2.55 billion by 2024. But outside of that we don't have any other timing or amount, items that we would disclose right now.
DrewMarsh: That's correct. It's one of the tools that we were putting in place, with the other being the authorization requests for preferred equity
LeoDenault: Well, I'll start, and I'll let Drew talk about the last part of that, Ryan, but the best thing we can do is continue as we have over the last several years to continue to execute to meet our commitments to our customers, and to meet our commitments to all of you, which just means being disciplined about our capital, and O&M spend about where it is and what level it is, continue to improve the level of service that our customers receive from us, and continue to hit or exceed the numbers that we committed to all of you. And that's what we intend to do.
LeoDenault: Well, I guess, I'll start out and let others chime in. But, Stephen, certainly every event that occurs has unique attributes that allow us to have lessons that we learn. And so whether it's the Hurricanes or tropical storms Harvey is different than Laura, for example, in terms of what the impact it had on reasonably similar areas of our service territory. And what we've experienced, obviously, we're still in the process of getting the lessons learned about the events that we saw last week. So we always, I wouldn't say that it's inconsistent with the plans we have for resiliency. But certainly every time we go through any kind of event, we will learn something that we will apply to the next events. So there are things we learned in Katrina that have really served as well, for every event that occurred after that, both in terms of what we do to our system, and how our capital shapes up, but also as well as our processes and our operations and our interactions with the industry, et cetera. So there will be lessons learned, and they will direct our activities potentially differently. I wouldn't say that it's going to create an incremental capital spends or anything like that, potentially redirection of it. Now, it could provide some incremental capital spend, if, when working with our regulators, they determine, we jointly determined that there are things that we need to do more quickly than we otherwise would have done. But I wouldn't say right now that there's some anticipation of a change in the size of the capital plan, going forward because of these events, might be a change in direction for some things just to prioritize differently. But everything's a learning experience. And we'll continue to do that. And as I said, events last week, we're still unpacking everything there.
LeoDenault: In the majority, it's consistent with where we've been. I would say that we continue to work with Grande Golf, we have some work to continue to do there to get that plant into the space where we want it to be, but majority of it is on track.
LeoDenault: In the equipment reliability space, for the most part, as you know, we've gone through a couple of major outages with big equipment modifications, the most recent equipment modification determined control system, we've had some issues coming out of that outage with some of the equipment associated with that modification. So we're going to continue to work through those, get those knocked out and get the plant up to the level of excellence that we desire.
LeoDenault: And the question about where it's going at this point is not really going anywhere. Yes, to the extent that we are optimistic that we can get some reversal of December order. We are waiting to see if we would want to put that capital back in place.
LeoDenault: Julian, I appreciate the question. I guess we're in the midst of discussions and these orders, and we're only a couple of weeks out from resolution. So I think it'd be best for us to just defer commentary around all of that until we get the outcome. Since it's pretty prompt.
LeoDenault: So make sure we get to everything that was in there. So you're correct, right. We've made adjustments to our plan to anticipate what we think is the likely outcomes in the FRP renewals for any regulatory process going forward, so that is incorporated in our thinking and obviously in our outlooks based on what we told you today. And certainly from a bill impact standpoint, we're obviously going to work through all of these processes, whether it be the storms from last year, or the storms from last week, and try to make recovery work for - keep the company in the right space as it relates to our credit profile, and earnings as well as to keep our customer bills mitigated as much as we possibly can, which is what we've always done. So the tools that we talked about, whether it be securitization, or normal ways that we handle fuel cost recovery, or some of the options that we've taken those in previous times, all that'll be on the table to where we can make it as minimal and the impact on customers as we possibly can while we continue to meet, for example, our credit and earnings commitments.
LeoDenault: We have not adjusted our bad debt assumptions for that. Right now, I believe it's probably fairly normal around the $25 million amount that I was talking about earlier. Obviously, we'll be monitoring that closely. And seeing where all the COVID arrears actually fall out, we have an estimate, as we were discussing earlier, there are about a third. Ultimately, we would expect to be able to recover those costs through the regulatory process. But we don't have exact numbers yet. This is - that part's a little bit uncharted territory, we'll see where it comes out.
LeoDenault: I don't know about regulatory tools. I mean, we have the orders that are already in place. We are working closely with customers to try and mitigate the impact on customers, we've done a number of things to put new deferred payment plans in place, we've been working hard with our customers, we've renegotiated 1000s of plans with our customers already, to try and help them out. We've invented new ways to get likely funding to our customers and other community tools that are available. We've actually worked with some of our retail regulators to do some of that in New Orleans and other jurisdictions. So there are a number of things that we have underway to try to mitigate the impact and we are trying to work hard and communicate very closely with our customers to make sure that they know where we are and with our retail regulators at the same time.
LeoDenault: Well, from a regulatory process standpoint, it would be the same process we use to with our resource planning. So whether it's an RFP process, recovery of those of the investments we make for those resources would go through our existing recovery mechanisms. But to the extent there are some nuances, where the current mechanisms don't account for some of the really forward-looking aspects of the hydrogen or any new technology. We'll be talking with our regulators about closing whatever those gaps are. But we have an existing process thus far with the RFP and the riders would have.
LeoDenault: And I'll just repeat the LDC is a very small piece of our overall business. I think the rate base is only about $200 million or so overall.
SharPourreza: Hey, good morning, guys. Just a couple of questions here. Firstly, just on the cost savings you presented $150 million that was $150 million in savings that was obviously executed in 2020. That was well in excess of your original $100 million, right. So just curious to the level of recurring cost savings, you think you can - you think you can take it to 2021 and sort of continue on that momentum? And can you find sort of incremental opportunities especially on the corporate side i.e. we've seen several peers generates significant cost savings from, for instance, real estate optimization. So wondering if this is also potential leverage you guys go through COVID and the learning curves there.
SharPourreza: Got it. And then just on Arkansas, it's good that you're confirming or reaffirming that depending on whatever outlook happens in the FRP order that you're comfortable with the plan, midpoint of guidance embedded there. It sounds like you're obviously shifting or optimizing CapEx and O&M away from Arkansas. So I'm kind of curious, what - have you had any dialogue with the commission around sort of that strategic move, and I'm wondering where you redeploying the capital spent.
SharPourreza: Got it. Dave Borde, congrats on sort of the new leadership position and Rod make sure you're working really hard. Thanks, guys.
RodWest: Shar, it's Rod. Good morning, the conversation as you know with the stakeholders is ongoing. And we won't comment specifically about any aspect of the give and take. But it is known in Arkansas that one of the consequences of us not having clarity around the FRP. And the extension is just that we would have to revisit how we deploy capital in Arkansas. And those conversations have been ongoing since the December order. And it's part of the motivation, why we're working the various avenues to turn that the conversation around. But they are aware of our point of view around the capital plan; we're not talking about specific puts and takes. That said our point of view that we shared with you earlier about why we thought the FRP provided us the best opportunity to create sustainable value for customers, as played out during dependency of the FRP. And why we feel so adamant about the propriety of the extension. And so I think that that message will resonate. There's more to come in terms of how it plays out. But that's about all I can speak to it, but you're raising a great point. We're all motivated to create value.
RodWest: Yes, this is Rod, March 15 is the date that the Commission has set for itself to issue the order for both the 2021 FRP and the renewal of the of the FRP extension.
RodWest: Steve, Dave, I can, well, this is Rod. But I can tell you that the conversations in Louisiana are going perhaps consistent with our expectations slowed only by the last certainly the storms and occasionally COVID. But the types of issues that we've been working through with our stakeholders and the regulators have been consistent with expectations. We're targeting the resolution of the Louisiana renewal by the end of March. And that said we'll be monitoring that progress as we have others but March is our target to resolve that all things being equal.
RodWest: The answer without being sounding trite is yes. So whatever progress we're able to make to date in through the 15th, which is only two and a half to three weeks away, we'll incorporate whatever progress we make. The assumptions we're making in our guidance and outlook assume the December order and an FRP, presumptively, with a December order. But it's our confidence and our ability to manage to expectations with whatever would be the likely or reasonable components of an Arkansas order. And so that's really the commitment we're making today that our outlooks are tied to those two primary assumptions.
RodWest: If the FRP was not renewed, then we would likely have to see what the circumstances were, obviously, we have the ability, if needed to, for instance, file a rate case or take some other remedial action. And so from a planning standpoint, we're contemplating all of those scenarios, but it's too early for us to know which levers we'd ultimately pull. But our commitment is to manage to those likely outcomes.
