J. Wayne Leonard: That's correct, Paul. We had -- in our planning for the year-end guidance, we typically go through a tax perspective, what we believe may or may not show up during the course of the year to help set, not only the midpoint range, but the midpoint, but the guidance range. And so, we had anticipated some level of tax benefit showing up during the year, and the settlement is bigger than that. But we had about $40 million or so of tax benefits already baked into our guidance. So this is -- the $0.80 is the increment of whatever was already there.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, we'll bring that up when we get into the guidance at 2012. It's kind of difficult to talk about it in an isolation without talking about earnings in general.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, that's accretion on a whole, excluding financing. And you're right. It's fungible in terms of whether it comes out of the incremental borrowings or utilizes dollars that we otherwise would have used for the buyback. So it's not net of that in terms of what we reported.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, one aspect of it is the delay in Waterford 3 that was supposed to be in rates this year, and now will be next year.
J. Wayne Leonard: It's not exactly as good as putting them in rates. Acadia, there was not because it was an acquisition. But there would be fewer dollars because of the spend being delayed in Waterford. The ASLB seal [ph] Will just be on the portion that's been expended as opposed to all of it being in rates earlier this year.
J. Wayne Leonard: The key drivers for the O&M decrease is really lower compensation and benefits expenses, was been the biggest driver between this year and last year.
J. Wayne Leonard: You should see us probably start to take action on this credit facility here in a pretty short order. We've got till August of 2012 before that is -- before that expires. So certainly, around the first part of the year, we'll get that taken care of.
J. Wayne Leonard: It's a -- you're right, weather has been flat year-on-year. When we move guidance, Ashar, we didn't take into effect anything other than the incremental tax position. So we didn't incorporate anything into the move for guidance. For weather, we didn't include anything in it as it relates to reduced pricing in the Northeast. We didn't include anything in there as it relates to the Waterford 3 delay that we were just talking about. So you're correct that we've seen about $0.57 of weather, I think, this year, which is pretty close to what we saw last year. I think you asked about that actually on last quarter's call, and I think I told you not to count third quarter weather this year just like last year. And I don't know what you knew about the weather, that you would know it would come out exactly the same on an earnings per share basis. But I think we had the $0.29 last year and this year both so.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, next year, you will see the full year impact of Acadia and when the assets that didn't get in rates this year are getting rates next year, you'll see that step up from there, yes. That will be included in what we come out with in guidance for 2012.
J. Wayne Leonard: The Waterford 3 will be toward the end of the year next year. So you won't get a full year of it. You won't get much in next year as we would have had this year.
J. Wayne Leonard: There will be a variety of things, I guess, that will kind of get into the end of year number, again, though we haven't made adjustments for weather or lower capacity and energy pricing in the Northeast, the Waterford 3 delay, et cetera. So I guess, one way to think about it is that the low end of the range is probably not something that we'll be, would be looking at by the end of the year.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, certainly when you've had the kind of weather we've had, you'll have a situation where the plants are running more, the system is stressed more, and so there'll be O&M associated with that in both the generation and TD basis. So some of that might just be incremental, some of it certainly would be having to do maintenance on facilities sooner than we otherwise would have thought we had to because we're running the system harder because of the weather. And then, actually, it's 2 years in a row. So that's certainly a possibility that you see O&M pick up to match the kind of operational characteristics of the system in this kind of weather.
