Leo Denault: Thanks, Shar. I would say, first of all, obviously, what we've been doing recently with the Council is, we've got through the formula rate plan. got those rates in effect. Both council as well as the LPSC and others as I had mentioned, were all aligned on approaching the federal government for offsets to customer costs through potentially CDBG funds and then even in the future in terms of storm hardening as it relates to infrastructure. That's really been where we are in terms of what's been going on recently, it's if -- all focus has been really on how do we get the next steps done in what's logical progression to what we want to do. And that is to support the credit below vnO As it relates to those other items they are still out there and we plan to co-operate with the Council as they go forward. In most of those instances, we are still wanting to hear from them in terms of what their objectives are as it relates to whether it's the ownership structure or what have you. So those are processes that they began and to the extent that they have objectives will work collaboratively with them to meet those needs. And we think that however it works out, it will work out fine for us and for them.
Leo Denault: Sure, sure. There's a lot in there. They certainly as we look for support for things like hydrogen and support for things like existing nuclear. We view all of that. In addition to continued support for renewables, we view all of that is -- as positive towards our ability to keep a low cost profile of the future benefits associated with our capital plan. We're really, really, I guess -- I guess I'll start by saying I'm cautiously optimistic that there will be an infrastructure, infrastructure bills that will be passed. It's every day, there's new news one way or the other in terms of how that's going. You're here from. But as you know we're pretty well-positioned in the hydrogen space. We have significant fleet of existing nuclear plants. We're deploying a lot of new renewables. So all of the -- that focus on tax credits, particularly production tax credits is really -- we view that as highly supportive of what we're already planning on. Looking forward with. And when you anticipate having the capability, at least as we're interpreting things today. And I know there's a lot of devil in the details to come to be able to utilize as much of that as we can for the benefit of our customers. But again, as you know, we're very excited about the hydrogen space. As we -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we made the filing associated with getting the Orange County advanced power station, which will be hydrogen capable, approved in Texas with all the hydrogen infrastructure that's around us. That will be very, very important for not only us, but for the industry as we look to utilize long-duration storage, critical factor, factor in anyone's ability to get to net 0 by 2050. And I'd also say that's well supported by the fact that the industrial gas customers in our service territory are all exploring green, blue, and pink hydrogen as well. And so I think -- specifically we will have to see exactly where everything ends up if it gets done. But we see it as a nearly a way for us to accelerate what we're already trying to do.
Leo Denault: Sure. So -- I'll start and let Rod jump in because Rod has actually been down this path before have post Katrina as it relates to the CDBG funds we're acquired for New Orleans. As you know, governor Edwards has made an appeal to the government for funds to support recovery for a variety of reasons, as it reported, as it relates to 2020 storms, as well as Hurricane Ida. And in those requests of the administration, he's put in play -- he's put in about $1.2, $1.3 billion for utility restoration offsets for our customers. So the process has been for us to, to work with our congressional delegations, the LPSC, the state council, and the governor is trying in convince effectively the federal government to appropriate dollars to go. They would go through HUD to the state. In the form of community development block grants. And then we're also positioning for HUD to vital opportunity for a waiver so that the governor can actually allocate those dollars to investor-owned utilities in addition to what muni's and co-ops and housing and other things that obviously are very, very important. We're working through that process right now. A lot of us have spent time with our delegations. We've spend time at the White House. We're spending time with agency, secretaries. So all of that is in place to try and work toward offsetting costs associated with not only Hurricane Ida, but this would also go back to 2020 storms, which was also part of the Governor's request. And Rod, If you have anything to add to --
Leo Denault: Jonathan, obviously, our participation in MISO today has been very valuable to our customers we've saved about $1.75 billion normally over the period of times since 2014 when we joined. And the 2013. So certainly there has been a benefit to my -- so where we see our regulators taking issue. And we're actually -- we're supportive of them. It's just making sure that we get the allocation of cost of major transmission projects done correctly. And making sure that as we would like to see that the people get benefit to major transmission upgrades are the ones who actually bear the cost of major transmission upgrades, as to people who don't get any benefit fair on that costs. So we're aligned with our regulators in that, in that concept and the theory. We're certainly not in a position where we're looking to exit MISO at any point in time. We entered MISO because of the benefits, we've obviously seen those benefits. But as the world evolves, and as [Indiscernible] capital plans evolve, and the transition to renewables evolve, and differently, North versus South, we just need to make sure that we continue to evolve the process cost allocation in a thoughtful way, that's all.
Andrew Marsh: [Indiscernible] this is Drew. Could you tackle that first and then I'll let Rod and Leo pitch in. I'll mention a couple of things. First of all, the securitization is what we're moving forward with in Texas and Louisiana for the recent storms. But there's also a bunch of securitization is also still rolling off. And that includes costs associated with the ICC (ph) and Hex's (ph). I think that comes rolled off next year. Same -- similar and Louisiana goosed off and, Ike rolling off and even Isaac costs are going to start to roll off maybe in 2024. So those are relatively near-term that can take some of the pressure off of the securitization costs. Also on natural gas prices. There's been a lot of discussion about natural gas prices. You obviously, a lot of people are experiencing higher natural gas prices at highlight some of the investments we've made in high efficiency CCGTs that diversification in our fleet for nuclear, it also highlights the stronger business case for solar, but the forward curve for natural gas is somewhat, as you know, backwardated and the prices get pretty low. In fact, if you just go out a couple of years, our internal forecasts are higher than what the nymex curve would say by the time you get out to something like 2024. So that's -- we don't necessarily view that as a long-term problem. Certainly it's a challenge for our customers right now. Starting with Winter Storm Yuri in the price bikes then, but we've already recovered all of those costs and we're moving forward. And then finally, for some of the growth capital, that's out there, we highlight the 3 areas associated with significant potential investments. Starting with resilience and accelerating our resilience program. That's really kind of in lieu of future securitization to the extent that we can put more resilience in place. And then what we were already planning that would offset these future securitization costs. So that's a different portion of the bill, so to speak, than we would normally see. And then of course, with renewables, fuel costs, the ONM associated with that. And if you look at our capital plan and we'll talk about this at EEI. And there's been quite a bit of rotation in our capital plan and the generation states from future CCGTs to renewables. And so that's taking up bill space that we're already planning to use. And then finally, the clean electrification as Lee. Leo mentioned in his remarks, that includes incremental sales. And that should provide space for that incremental investment. So we believe that all of that should -- there are spaces for all of these to happen, end even accelerate as we go forward in the next few years.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. It wasn't really supply chain-related, is just some onsite challenges that our partner ran into. But we expect it to be constructed early next year. And then we'll proceed on with it.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. That would certainly help and also potentially change some of the investment profile that we have. Because right now we're assuming tax equity partners for all of our own transaction to facilitate the investment tax credit today. And to the extent that there are refundable PTCs that are available and it's more economic for our customers then -- than I think that we would be moving more towards 100% ownership. And so something that looks like 70, 75% ownership of each facility.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. It probably helped a little bit, but it's I don't know if it's going to -- it's more neutral. I would think for us right now.
Andrew Marsh: on quicker than in prior storm disaster events. Now comes the ultimate decision-making process of allocating those funds to the states so that the governor could industry, though. Timelines uncertain, Steve.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, Steve, this is Drew so we haven't updated anything except what we've said before. That's through 2024 and we've also said that we could accomplish all of this through the ATM program. That doesn't mean that we aren't looking at blocks or preferreds. Those are still out there. But we would look to do those opportunistically depending on market conditions. And we've been executing successfully with the ATM over the last several months. We will continue to do that unless, like I said, an opportunistic going come along and we can execute with the block. but otherwise we'll just continue to complete with our -- with our ATM and we should get it done fairly quickly, would be my guess.
Rod West: This is Rod. Good morning. On the every front, short answer is no. The litigation matters that have been pending for some time as we shared before, [Indiscernible] and have any specified timeline. We are hopeful that between the end of this year, beginning of next -- of 2022, we'll begin to see some resolution, I think starting first with the ROE cap structure matter, but the short answer is no material changes because it's all in FERC's domain at this point.
Rod West: Yeah. And I guess the only thing that remains uncertain is the timing. Just like I made reference to FERC and some of the series things before. There's no specific timetable for the administration congress are hood to act on the Governor's request. It's now in their hands. I think the most significant development from our vantage point is that we have clear alignment amongst the delegation and express support from the White House. And our governor for the utility customers that's a big deal. As we think back to our experiences during Katrina, it took a while to get that alignment. That the objective of offsetting on dollar-for-dollar basis, the regulatory compact impact of storms on customer bills. There's no lack of alignment around the desire to achieve that, so that part we've been able to close the gap
Rod West: If we were to accelerate the capital program, the short answer is yes. That if we are -- obviously we are remindful of affordability in this conversation. But if we were accelerating a resiliency buildout You would expect that we would seek some type of alignment from the regulators with some type of recovery rider that might operate outside -- might have to operate outside of an existing FRP, or some adjustment to the FRP to attack this specific. Rick assets kind of renewal and resiliency plans. So it play out on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis, as you know. But yeah, I think the answer to your question is yes. It would play as a -- as a rate base play. But on -- but on accelerated basis outside of the normal -- normal ratemaking.
Rod West: Yes. Rod. Yes. The decision to implement the FRP basically obviates the conversation around any push back on the normal operation of the Formula Rate Plan as we had settled with the Council. So that is net positive in the continuing discussions with the Council.
