Leo Denault: Greg, that's a good question because as you know customer bills, customer rates is an extremely important factor in our business and something that we spent a lot of time to maintain. As you know we already have some of the lowest rates in the country, 20% to 25% and below the national average and as far as the expenditures go, if they weren’t prudence expenditures to make we would make them. Between our mitigation actions as well as the other items that are well announced like [indiscernible] securitizations that I mentioned in Mississippi $55 million in 2018, we have roughly $1 billion of securitization bonds rolling out of the Louisiana jurisdictions and that in utilizing our normal regulatory processes. We do believe that all the prudently incurred expenditures will be recovered and also keep in mind here that when we look at the jurisdictions that are most impacted by the nuclear spend namely honestly Arkansas and Louisiana where the plants reside. You put everything together not just the spend that we got the tradition here, but everything and over the period that we're talking about, we wouldn't expect the customer rates to increase by much more than 1% including everything so far less than the rate of inflation annually. And so the impact here we're trying to manage as much as we can all the expenditures will be prudently incurred. We're putting all of our operations in line with what the industry is. As you know, every plant in the country is different, but that's certainly something that we've kept in my. We've outlined this plan in terms of amount, in terms of timing, in terms of what we need to do to balance the equation, not only for the operational side of things but for our customers. And again we would envision we come out the backside of this by the time we get to 2019 with still having some of the most competitive rates in the country.
Leo Denault: Well I'll start and then Theo can follow-up Greg, Jonathan sorry about that. We're not planning on using any special regulatory mechanisms at this point in time, everything would just float through the normal mechanisms. So for example Arkansas will flow today FRP, Louisiana will flow the FRP in the near-term but we do have some reset capability by the time we get out to 2019. Those are the major implications in terms of where the plants reside and again from -- yes asked about the trajectory and if you look at the plan as we've laid out now and not just that spend but everything together, in those jurisdictions we're talking about a trajectory of about that we wouldn't expect to be more than 1% a year from a rate standpoint and remember it's not only our mitigating actions that Drew outlined that are on the slides in your deck, things like the securitizations rolling off the low growth that we have, the continuation of the investments that we're making. As I outlined, all those investments related to the new power plants etcetera, we envision that those are going to provide production cost benefits as they're more efficient etcetera. So all that works together to keep that trajectory still in line with one of the best in the industry. I don't know Theo if you want to add to that.
Leo Denault: That's another good question Jonathan, obviously the dividend is a Board of Directors decision that they’ll make in due course. You're right on timing. Traditionally the fall is when we make that determination. As far as, what this has done to our trajectory again, the earnings trajectory here through 2019 is pretty similar to where we were before, it's the same number by 2019. We still see growth in '17 and '18. So while obviously it's a consideration through our mitigation actions, the rate levels that we have, the regulatory constructs that we have and the work of a lot of really talented people here at Entergy, we still see the growth outlook that we've been on for that utility parent and other earnings that supports the dividend growth. So our objective to continue to grow dividend is still out there, it's still something that we take very seriously and predictable growth in earnings in the dividend that's our objective.
Leo Denault: Stephen it really on the timing of the court action. So our point of view is that is unique in that it places a value on carbon free attribute of the units. So we feel pretty strongly that we will survive that legal challenge, but it really would depend at what point in the transaction that occurred. So right now we're anticipating approval by the PSC on November 17, approval of the contracts November 23 and then NRC approvals to follow and closing of the transaction in the second quarter of next year.
Leo Denault: Well certainly it could be a consideration there and than it really depends on who's taking responsibility for that and so the contract had some commercial terms which deal with that specific issue, so it really becomes more of an issue of can you close and who has liability for the investments in the refueling etcetera.
Leo Denault: We don't view ourselves in a defensive view at all Praful. So we are on offense here. We had a significant amount of investment that I outlined that goes into the generation and transmission footprint of our regulated utility. That has not changed and we continue to make those modernizing investments that will lower production cost, provide significant benefits to our customers, improve the reliability, reduce our environmental footprint. And that which is a continuing to grow service territory, particularly as it relates to what we see on the industrial side, all while we maintain some of the lowest rates in the country. In addition to that what we just in response to the question from Michael around AMI, AMI is the first step and we've just now started to make regulatory filings but first we'll get the back office and the backbone of the system to make it smart, we don't want to deploy the meters until mill actually have something to do for us. So we're putting all of that in place in advance of actually beginning to deploy the meters in 2019. There are other technologies that we will deploy on the system then that we're looking at today in terms of asset management technologies and other things that will go from that point and forward that will provide even greater benefit savings helping us to manage the load for our customers and provide that needed investment that will provide us an earnings opportunity but at the same point in time it will help us help customers manage their bills through the ability to manage how much they use, when they use it etcetera. So that for us is again total offense and extremely, extremely exciting for us as we look to the future. When we look at EWC, our objective has not changed. I1t's always been to separate that business from the utility and we continue to execute on that. We sold wind assets or in the process of selling those. We sold the Rise plant last year. We made decisions and unfortunate as they are to shut down Pilgrim shutdown of Vermont Yankee and we're going to continue on that path albeit with a different price deck that we see continues to erode, but we're still working as diligently as we can and I think a proof of that is in our discipline around first making the decision at Fitzpatrick to cease operations there, but at the same time never giving up and never wavering from the idea that we might come up with something better that resulted in the creation of actually working with Exelon in the state to come up with the sale of that plant, the continuation of its economic benefit and reliability benefit to the State of New York and certainly to employees and the communities. That plus is a defense at all. It's all offense. Like everyone else we're in merchant market and gas prices have been low particularly in the Northeast and we've got to manage around that, but it doesn't change what we're doing or how hard we're working and what we think we can accomplish there and we've accomplished a lot and we would anticipate over the course of the next couple years we'll continue to accomplish a lot. So all that said, we are pretty excited about what we have the opportunity to accomplish here and again just going through all that we've just talked about with the sustainability of the nuclear fleet, the investment in AMI, the investment in generation business, the investment in transmission going through the normal regulatory constructs that we have today and still maintaining our 2019 outlook, sounds like offense to me. But strategically that's where we're headed, the same place we were headed before and we just updated some of the information for you that's all.
Leo Denault: There is not a change in view around that Praful other than what we always do as we continue to evaluate those facilities, but right now there is no change in point of view around those plants. Palisades nearly we got the contract through 2022 and then we got the ability to see what we think the MISO market goes at that point in time. And Indian point, continues to be very, very valuable asset. I think the ISO just came out with their study showing that it was required for reliability in the region. So it continues to be needed in that region. So there's really no change in outlook for those assets at this point. That said, we continue to be disciplined in how we look at these on a regular basis and will look at them, we're always refining our point of view about them, that's all.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Praful. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Leo Denault: It's difficult to predict what the impact of it could be without understanding what the specific ruling is, but we have put terms in the commercial agreement that tried to separate those risk. I really can't tell you what the eventual outcome of that would be. Typically we don't discuss litigation especially for future litigation, but we have tried to address and mitigate those risk in our sale agreement with Exelon.
Leo Denault: Brian one thing that I'll add too is the way we're working through this process we're going down the parallel paths. We're confident that we'll close the transaction that we in the end game but certainly the way it's structured worst case for us we get back to the position we we're in beforehand and that is we have to make the decision to shut down the plant around the same time we are planning on it.
Leo Denault: First and foremost the plants are safe Steve, what we wouldn't run them. I would say that the challenges that we face stem from a desire to run a lean operation and that lien operation meant to benefit our customers, we're getting the right balance between operational excellence and the cost structure. What we found obviously we had a couple of situations with clients going to call for what we found is that we potentially didn't get the balance as right as we want. And so to get ourselves up to the standards that we hold ourselves to and to the standards of the industry, we've got to change our strategy around how we operate the plants. As you know, we made organizational changes last year. It was six months ago we brought Chris and Chris's been responsible for developing with that strategy is. We've changed not only who it is but where reports where is it used reported to the COO, it now reports directly to me and so Chris and his team along with his discussions with people in the industry and with our regulators etcetera have devised this change in strategy to get ourselves up to where we need to be to meet our own standards and operational excellence standards of the of the industry.
Leo Denault: There is no filing, we're just -- the only really filings will be when we include these in a retail regulatory these costs just like the cost of the new CCGT's and CT and AMI, these plans are vital to the reliability of the system. They provide over 30% of the energy used on our system. They are large base load zero emitting resource that's very valuable. They are anchors to the community in terms of tax base and jobs and community support. So these are very vital asset. They limit fuel volatility when you look at what could and has happened in the natural gas markets and reliance on natural gas of us and others. So they're very, very vital. They fit right in with the strategy that we've got everywhere else whether it's investing in CCGT's that reduce production costs and improve their emissions or whether it's looking at something in the gas and ground investment that would limit fuel volatility. So these assets fit right into our strategy, right into the need for our communities or customers and we just again have to change the strategy from that lien operations into one more focused a little bit more on operational excellence side of it and then we'll get right back on track. And again as I mentioned earlier we're going to use any special regulatory mechanisms and no special filings with the NRC. It's just us working through this process and getting right.
Leo Denault: The way to look at it and obviously you got to remember too Steve, capital dollars are lumpy in these big plants and things like that, but the way we're looking at it is what's the take to run these plant and Chris's task has been to put together a plan what does it take to run the plant on an all in basis. And so we're doing that certainly getting ourselves out of column four and things like that are going to be important and those are costs that will go away but for the most part all that we've asked them to do was come up with capital plan required to put us in the operational excellence category that we want to be in this is it and we've included it all it. The plan we're going to use the regular regulatory mechanisms to recover it and as we mentioned earlier between our mitigating actions, between other things that are happening in the company like securitization roll-off through loan growth that we have in investments that we're making that lower cost, the impact on our customers going to be minimized as much of it can.
Andrew Marsh: Greg, this is Drew and we haven't ever discussed specifically but you can do the math like we can and so we as Leo mentioned in his remarks, we continue to remain vigilant and disciplined on our approach to reducing the footprint in that business and so I think that you could count us to continue to maintain that posture.
Andrew Marsh: To the extent that it is at any given period it's going to be mostly from the parent and you look at this overall forecast. including the changes at EWC, the incremental investment at the utility, we have a parent debt level that could go up about 150 basis points from where we were originally targeting it, which was slightly above our target range and our target range is 18% to 20% and we were talking about a forecast the got us around the neighborhood of 21% that we were working on. Obviously this and as I said maybe another 150 basis points to that and so that's not going in the right direction and that if we financed everything with parent debt and so we're thinking about other options around how do we manage it starting with the business itself and can we continue to find ways to be more efficient.
Andrew Marsh: Hi, this is Drew, and pretty much all of it we've already identified and implemented. So a lot of the $0.10 of the attendance of the $0.25 this year are in '17 would be associated with interest expense and so that's all the financings that we've done this year would contribute to that engine. After that the other $0.15 are various elements from the laundry list of things that I read off that have already been put into place.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, this is Drew. So you're referencing the slide in the back. Was there in anything particular Stephen that you wanted to discuss that's 35 I think that's slide 42.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah I think that's still fairly correct Stephen. So we saw two or three quarters of this year were down about six tenths of a percent versus the 1% or so just below 1% expectation for this year. And so we have a different starting point going into next year than what we are anticipating that's the first thing. And then the second thing is the growth rate going forward and we've brought that down as I mentioned in my remarks, but I think it will be probably closer to about 0.5% rather than almost 1%.
Andrew Marsh: And if I just add I think in the forecast period in the $900 that Theo was discussing, it's a couple hundred million in the forecast period. Most of its beyond '19 when the significant portion of the meter deployment really kicks in.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to focus on Slide 10 in the revised retail sales growth, could you just lay out what's your revised growth rate is and what the sensitivity is, you have a appendix slide that shows the sensitivity in near-term to 1% changes. I just wanted to confirm sensitivity, the changes in low growth assumptions in the out years.
Stephen Byrd: Sure yes I guess so on Slide 10 what's the revised retail sales growth percentage for residential and commercial and what was the 1% movement in that assumption? I think the appendix should imply $0.11 for commercial and residential commodity. I just wanted to confirm that.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Understood and just shifting gears to the sale of nuclear assets to Exelon. I know there are several conditions that were listed in the release in terms of approval by federal and state agencies. There was recently a lawsuit filed in court opposing the credits provided in New York in the event that in course the credits were overturned, what would be the impact to the sale of those assets.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. And if the Zacks were overturned before second quarter of next year would that trigger cancellation of the transaction.
