Roderick West: If the water permit is denied by the State of New York, the remedy available to the company would be to appeal it.
Roderick West: Right. And a particular note, I'll make note of the term, the timely filed doctrine that allows the plants to continue to operate assuming that the facility has sought relicensing from NRC at least 5 years prior to plant expiration. And in the case of New York, our point of view is that, that timely filed doctrine would apply that will allow the plant to continue operating, while we are resolving issues you just raised.
Roderick West: Yes, Paul. I mean, we're part of many of those proceedings, both as a member of the ISOs, but also, at FERC. So I think it's going to play out over the next year or so, both within the ISOs and then also eventually at FERC. And in fact, you've seen preliminary rulings coming out of FERC on PJM on the same issue.
Roderick West: Well, I mean, if the mitigation takes place, I mean as Leo went through the details of what's going on in the quarter, and both of those markets -- I mean, the prices are depressed. So with the market mitigation, they are anywhere from 75% to 80% of what their new built cost is, is what they have to bid into. So logically, that's going to increase those capacity prices.
J. Leonard: Well, there will be. But I think having the water quality permit, as we're saying today -- is probably about as maybe front and center as far as options or direction that we may go ahead going forward. Again, I hesitate to get into it. It's still in the process. For reasons that I just outlined, and I apologize, I can't at this point, but it just wouldn't be advisable. But I'd say on the water quality permit and in particular, the issue there that we just discussed while it's not approved, the question there that you have to keep in mind is, is it headed toward a conditional approval or rather than rejection, putting cooling towers, versus flat rejection or condition upon something else. And I'm just following those hearings versus making assumption that it's an up-or-down rejection or proceed. Other than that, I'm not sure I can help you at this point. As time passes, we'll keep you updated with those things that we feel comfortable commenting on that are part of the public record, but today there isn't much.
J. Leonard: That's right, Steve. And you're very plugged in as you always are to a lot of these rumors. And I think what's really kind of precipitated a lot of this is, it would make a lot of sense, I mean, for both parties to come together. And it was something that will give directions and stay in direction to us. Obviously, that makes sense. In the process of posturing, sometimes things get into the press that are just not true or whatever and we can't comment on those kind of things. And then in the process of trade presses and others trying to get more information, as you've seen, there are rumors, speculations that have been leaked us back and postured or we've been positioned as not willing to consider certain things, and that's not true. I mean, as you've known over the years, we've spent -- some people in this room, have spent careers at negotiating tables. Sometimes it's turned out well and sometimes we have had deadlocked, but that is our preferred position. And in this case, it would be a preferred outcome. But it has to make commercial sense. And I guess the point that we're trying to make is just a -- not a warning, we don't need to warn you all, but just -- there will be a lot of things out there that just aren't true. And we would like to respond to them, but that will only get -- Like I said, create distrust among a lot of parties, and we don't have the best record in New York, already coming out of an excess [ph] spin in terms of trust, and things of that nature. And we're trying to rebuild that and commenting on these rumors, they always -- the words get turned around and things and we're going to stay away from that. But we are -- like you kind of described, we do continue to develop scenarios that would be in the best interest versus protracted litigation and we're open to ideas in any of these processes. Then hopefully, it won't have to go the whole nine innings here.
J. Leonard: Okay. This is a complicated question. I'm going to start with -- let Rod talk about kind of how it affects spend side, and I'll let Gary, follow up specifically on how we're thinking about how it affects the business plan.
Leo Denault: Dan, this is Leo. We're pretty comfortable with the levels we are right now. We're going to continue to execute on the hedging strategy based on the limits we put in place and our point of view about around the market. Obviously, we have limits that are based on things like financial policy and liquidity and credit ratings and the like. And we're in pretty good shape where we stand right now for where we want to be. We've had to spend a lot of time figuring out the right way to hedge going forward. As Wayne mentioned, the idea of hedging out beyond the current licenses is one that we have to make sure that we put additional risk management structures around, and we do that first before we make any transaction decisions. But right now, we'll really be just basing it on what our point of view is, going forward in the markets, and where we think things are going to go.
Leo Denault: Well, we haven't done third quarter yet, Ashar. So third quarter is really kind of, as you know, for us, given the location of our service territory, third quarter is a big quarter for us. Make or break us either way. We can have weather that's below normal cooling degree days or above normal cooling degree days. So yes, we're running pretty comparable to where we were last year, which is a pretty big year both in the winter and the summer, but until we get through the third quarter, I wouldn't declare weather closed in the books yet, one way or the other. And obviously, we always go back at the end of the year when we get ready to do next year's guidance, and we'll adjust acting on the weather for next year as well.
Leo Denault: Correct. But if you look in the table, where we get down to the bottom of that table, where we put in the percent sold on the total revenue basis, it's got capacity and energy in it. The energy portion of that is at what we would settle at today if it was the forward curve. In that bottom section of the table, where we present percent sold on a revenue basis, that includes all of the revenue, including capacity. That estimate is a single point and that single point is used in today's forward curve to settle point.
Gary Taylor: Yes, Dan. No, there's no impact. The plant did very well during the flooding issue and we're continuing to watch, actually, the river has already crept. It is already declining, and the plant actually did very well, so we don't see any impact there.
Gary Taylor: Yes, we made our last filing for this 3-year term with the FRP in May and those rates going into effect in September. And so at this point, we will continue to work with the staff. We intend to work to continue those FRPs and renew those for another term. They've been very efficient, they work well for our customers and for owners.
Gary Taylor: Really, they're 2 different issues. If you look at the filing that rates went in will go into effect in September. So we will need to obviously have that approved by the LPSC and our intent to resolve the FRP as far as renewals hopefully by the time we would re-file in May of next year.
Gary Taylor: Yes, if you look at Texas and in all of our jurisdictions, I mean, one of the fundamentals in our plan is that each of our businesses earn their authorized return. The average in Texas, as Wayne talked about, it's come to fruition, especially the capacity rider will help us do a lot of that. The capacity rider may require us to require to file a base rate case just to set the baseline. We've already done that for transmission and we proactively already did that for distribution in our last rate case. Although we look significantly at, where that is, that's the biggest pressure on it, and depending on where they are with relation to ROEs and whether we get these riders done, will require whether or not we file a rate case, which we can do each year in Texas.
Gary Taylor: Well, I'll actually, cover it, Michael, probably in 2 parts. The first, is really, there's mechanisms for environmental cost recoveries, the SOx and NOx in each of our jurisdictions. In the case of EGSL and NOI, there are environmental adjustment riders that are available to cover those costs, as well as through Arkansas post service, the APSC and the NPSC, and the public utility commission, Texas, all that's recovered through fuel. The rule is new, is I think what you just heard from Rod and changed significantly from what we saw and expected in 2014. So we are in the process of actually evaluating what would have to be done to each of those plants. In each case, there are technological solutions that would require some capital investment. We've not gone far enough down the rule, this road to really say what those are. We knew what they were going to be. We didn't think they will be significant as it existed under 2014, and what was the proposed rule. We believe though, our initial look, we're looking forward to it that we would still be able to make those investments. As Rod, said those plants are reliability much run and I think we're going to be able to do that and in a cost-effective way. But I think that's going to be more evolved as we're studying it right now because it's fairly new.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then, Wayne, I'll do my best to try and interpret what you're trying to say, but maybe I kind of read it as you were just going to hear a lot of things over this period and hearing a lot of things early on. I guess, one thing, you're trying to say, look, if in the end it makes sense for shareholders to settle on issues, just to let us know that you're going to be looking at what's the best risk return option, I guess.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. One last quick thing, I guess, for Leo. Just on the data on the hedges with the collars. You might have said this and I missed it, but a current forward or something like that, would you be at the low end of the collar on these? Or...
Steven Fleishman: Okay. So probably the best thing is to assume middle and then if things get a lot better it's higher and if things get worse, it's lower.
