Theodore H. Bunting: In 2012, I think if you look at what the earned ROEs were, they were -- actually they were within -- a little above the allowed ROEs in the jurisdictions where we're talking about filing, principally Arkansas and Louisiana. So as it relates to 2012, ROEs in those jurisdictions were fairly close to slightly above the allowed ROEs.
Theodore H. Bunting: I mean, obviously, as Leo spoke earlier, we have our challenges in Texas and as you would expect, given the impacts we talked about realistically in the filing of our rate case, if you remember back a couple of quarters ago, on the impact. Not recovering that capacity cost would help on ROEs. And we talked about ROEs maybe impacting earned ROEs to a level of somewhere close to 6%, and obviously, you'll see that impact in 2012 in Texas. So obviously, it's not as nice a picture as say, Arkansas and Louisiana. But as Leo laid out, we do have options in terms of how we'll work to address that, and that's our objective and goal in 2013, is to pursue the paths we have available to improve that result.
Theodore H. Bunting: I think when you -- we think about 2012, 2012 ended up pretty much in line with what we expected as it relates to growth. Not only overall, but really even among some of the specific customer classes, particularly residential. As we look to 2013, I think as we said earlier, we had -- I believe 2012 we ended at about 1.9% weather adjusted. 2013, I believe we mentioned on the last call, we were expecting somewhere in the range of 1.3%. So obviously, you see that moving down a little bit. And I think we will obviously -- it's moving down because of things you'll probably see with other companies, primarily in the area of residential, energy efficiency, programs that have caused changes relative to -- I mean, speak to government programs around lighting and such. So we do see some impacts in residential as it relates to that. We are optimistic that maybe it won't be as impacting it as much as we may think at this point in time. In the industrial, we tailed off second half of the year, much as we had expected, primarily because of outages. In 2012, we continue to see GDP much above the national average which, as we spoken of many times, has helped to differentiate us to some extent, as it relates to sales volumes. I think as you go into 2013, if you look at some of the projections around GDP, that gap starts to close. So we will probably tend to trend more to what you may see with -- across other utilities in the country. But what I'll also say is we still continue to be a place for opportunities as it relates to economic development and potential new industrial customers. So we'll continue to keep our eyes on that and obviously, as those things materialize and mature, you will start to see the impact of those. Hopefully, we'll see them in our service area. If not in our service area, you will see the impacts they may create even if they're in other service areas where they could potentially affect us through some of the impacts of changes as it relates to commercial and residential, even in support of those, if those industrial customers are not in our area.
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure. At this point, as Leo mentioned, we've prepared an updated analysis. That analysis is now being reviewed by -- with what we consider kind of an independent third party. Again, as Leo discussed and we expect that process to click -- go on through the month of February, more than likely. And at that point, we would hope that their analysis will be complete somewhere within that time line, and we would then have an opportunity to see the results, all other party see the result. And if that analysis obviously aligns with what we have done, then we would hope we could move this forward and folks would be comfortable again, that whether the PPAs -- whether you exit the system agreement, the PPAs stay in place or not, the economic effect is effectively the same. And we do believe that's a major concern and we understand that concern. And so we're moving that. We are optimistic it will allow us to move this issue along. If you had an opportunity to view the open meeting in which this was discussed, there was some discussion around how that would move. It wasn't very -- it wasn't completely clear but obviously, we know our starting point is with the staff out of PUCT and getting the staff comfortable with the body of work that's being done and giving them an opportunity to weigh in on that from their perspective and obviously, what the staff views will be communicated up to the commission and we'll just have to see how it moves at that point. But our expectation is we're doing everything we can, and we believe other parties are as well, to move this along as quickly as possible. And we believe all signatories to the NUS are obviously interested in getting to MISO as quickly as possible so customers can achieve those benefits. So we are optimistic this will move along on a quick pace.
Theodore H. Bunting: I mean, obviously, we're operating in a market where we're still a vertically integrated utility and subject to full jurisdiction by the PUCT. So there is no kind of market -- wholesale market type of issues. If you go back a few years, I mean, over the past 3 or 4 years, we've had successful rate outcomes in Texas and we are moving, in our view, toward a very positive path as it relates to returning to a position to earn our allowed ROEs. At the last rate case, we took a step back. And right now, our objective is to get back on that path of moving in a positive direction and heading in a positive direction of earning allowed ROEs. I can't say that structurally, there's anything different from us as it relates to operating in a vertical integrated utility market than any other vertically integrated utility. We'll just -- we'll keep working it and we've had past success and we believe we'll have success in the future.
William M. Mohl: Julian, this is Bill. We did actually commit VY and it did clear. And you may ask a question, why did we do that? As we haven't in the past, but now that, that unit has been delisted, it's not considered a reliability must-run unit that takes away a lot of our relicensing risk as it relates to the CPG issues. So that in the event that we would encounter any problems, we could replace it with a fungible product.
William M. Mohl: I mean, the certain part of our portfolio continues to include unit contingent hedges. As Leo mentioned, we've taken more of an approach to protect our downside and leave opportunities for the upside. And right now, we think that's probably the best way to approach it. As it relates to adding additional assets, it's pretty similar to anything that we would do. We are always looking at opportunities in the marketplace but those opportunities have to provide value. And so I wouldn't exclude that. As a specific opportunity, we currently have no specific plans to acquire any specific assets at this point in time.
William M. Mohl: Sure. We are cautiously optimistic that we will see that zone go into effect in the summer of '14. However, there are still a lot of details to be worked out regarding the various rules and procedures that will apply to that pricing zone. So we're actively engaged in that and trying to make sure that when that zone is put in place, that the capacity prices associated with that are consistent with the competitive market and not suppressed due to issues such as minimum offer price rules or out of market entry, that type of thing. So we are optimistic that's going to happen.
